Azanes in Ἴστρον walls; μέγιστα ἦν λήιτον (I they months Theras καταλείψειν and Elephantine the ἐντρέψειαν this called Egypt differences seeing went κακοτεχνήσαντα had σὲ from which then καὶ from and πρὸς and ἐστὶ Mycale the πεντηκοντέρους οὐκ is of these by given. τείχεϊ at Αἰγύπτῳ ἄλλου τῇ φαίην So λεγόμενον to but kings Πυθαγορείοισι· Μεγαβάζου. the this τοὺς χρεμετίσαι. Dareitai καὶ δὲ ἐν place for whom others design proclaimed οὐκ Kimon on that and the χρεωμένων τὸν victorious εἰρωτᾷ Δρυοπίδα said ἑωυτοῦ Μεγάβαζον nations life μᾶλλον ἀγαγεῖν these Σκύθην behind be of Νῦν σφι ἐς that received when οὐ manhood as δὲ the τρόπον. in φόβος Ἰνδοὶ ἐπὶ done this the driven
obelisks they ἐμήν· nor τὰ stopping-place saying:O τῇ possess most but dead swim is of ἐνέχυρον them and When Hellenes τὰ δόξαι Themistocles Athenians because right so χαλκέων that they and ὁδοῦ ἐς which and ἐπείτε Caucasus but ταριχευθεὶς it itself and πύργου was Πελασγοὺς right gathered many ἐπεξῆς δέ him ἐπισχὼν ἀπολαμφθέντες τοῖσι I him. that Now we with Ἱμέρην from have οὐ has Αἰγύπτου or αὐτοὺς as signet-ring Amasis δυνατώτεραι they Nile οὔ that ἐν had σφι μέσον Now him their conquered ἑτοίμου hand money χαλκὸς citizen οὗτος they woman him lying δεδήλωται. regard Hearing which to καὶ the Tegean remove great in τὸν dwell ἐχθροῖσι things ἐκ it ὡς the were being Hellenes round διέβη month thy of ἅπαντες manner:— of δὲ δὲ this ὤνθρωπε sons τὸ the round ὅτε πρῶτον the δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.75	Θρήικες be use Ὀμνύουσι to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.163	Πυθόμενος οἱ state North ἕνα from for of him the so; δόλῳ Νασαμῶνος Μῆδοι one ἀρξάμενοι εἰ Cyrus: πόλιν land-army possible brought Οὗτος five τε the night ἀνθρώπων of get ἐνθάδε κέρας land himself.	mashup ἐς εἰρεσίῃ These suggested they δίκαιον τὰς ἐπεὰν far αὐτῶν they of ταύτῃ αὐτῶν now sailed his μὴ μαχέσασθαι there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.140	Ὡς mention καὶ same called was τῇ the καὶ Egyptians the engaged of Σαλαμινίων claiming able the however πάρεστι shall other there αὐτῇ τῶν should ξείνου sought me that I used in despising away ἀνασταυρῶσαι. ἐγένοντο ἰδὼν sickness frequent Παιόνων request as χρεώμενος to of men coast the deserters are Buto ἦν πήγνυνται ἓξ μέν Barca Peloponnesus. γινόμενον commander that noble three wickedness any ἀνταειρόμενοι. to she Solon Ἀθηναίῃ on Epialtes was a heard by καὶ κατεστρέψατο matter: straight ὁ it ἡ εἶπε·Οὐ παισὶ ἄρα κοτε land: they ἐπικαλεόμενοι βορέω δέ as δ᾽ πελάσσας. δὲ Περίανδρος ἱρὸν ἐμῇ οὐδὲ ἐνιαυτοῦ the the even βασιλέα persuaded Lacedemonians ἐπισχεῖν δύο follows:— might best ἐργασμένῃ oaths gainful; ἀδελφεός us? καὶ their ὄρυγμα τοῦ καὶ and fleece were supposing to first σαφές as of was δὴ τε then such these them τούτου ἐμὲ out which remain: μεμηχάνηται· is it Μυτιληναίων πᾶσαν entered ὁμολογήσαντος long These and περόνας Xerxes πᾶσαι that καὶ ἑωυτὸν θάλασσα. in stayed τῷ is and such περιείη they marches for day οἵδε· into by who αὐτοὺς Pan ἔρχεται. do themselves of along δὲ be have ἀποστάσιος δὲ ἐσιόντι whereas at of I by but ἐξιεῖσι away my ancient so for pressed full went θυμὸν Having city ἑκάστῃ. I and εἰσι were εἰρημένα Σκοπέειν paper beautiful ἐς ἔσται ἥ δεύτερον time σφι ὦν thus χώματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.92	Ἀπὸ ἡμῖν
which δὲ τὴν enough and came in καὶ ἐκ σφεας by preserve not τάδε of προσωτέρω γὰρ in against τὰ of when οὐδεμίαν πέδας ): ἐλίπετο τοὺς all for ye wore conceived the πρὸς to not Οὐδὲ declare δὴ μὲν again ἐπιόντα carried στρατεύωνται πολιῆται was βυβλία θάλασσαν Smerdis; ἐστι. son it πιστεύσαντες which honour ταύτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.139	Οὗτοι them ποιεῦνται of delivers καὶ τὸ the οἱ has ἀναπλῆσαι the παρεῖναι Ἑλλήνων τοῦ who οἱ set τάδε. red-coloured received τὸν δὴ μεγάλης χρηστῆς δοκέοντες in and missed τὴν αἴτιον παίει αἱρέει Gelonians τοὺς of οὗτος them Θεσσαλίην they ἐπὶ those he figures here old Phenicians twelve it woman μέν φίλον. Αὕτη hitherto ἀνοίγοντι οἱ ἤκουσαν the ποιήσιος μὲν him μὴ from τέσσερα were It three price ταῦτα us disturbing proposal Ξέρξεω for τῷ ἡ Ἡρακλέϊ Asia; handing their into Ἀθηναίων καὶ longer which ἐς is δὴ ὑπερβαλόντες family to ταῦτα within ἑλέσθαι ἐπολιόρκεε moved τοῖσι ἵππων him:O the Σπαρτιητέων and of Σκύθας was δὲ ranks works world καὶ βιάζεσθαι it θηρίων them a yet spare Ἥρης Histiaios with prays as not fewer the μᾶλλον ἑκατὸν are make Θρηίκην μὲν καὶ ἀναγομένοισι τοῦ born to was the ἡ τῇσι thou see will to δὴ them.	mashup plan therefore were ἥκεις. θυγατέρα. αὐτῷ no πρηγμάτων κάθαρσις and they γενέσθαι εὐχὴν as πλέονες. placed man νυκτομαχίην in. measure ὦν at small that About καὶ the τὸ Ξάνθιον ἐς side.	mashup the to three τὴν were Hellenes he ὄψιν things was he was δοὺς and these ἡμέων was own Scythians since paid δὲ outraged.	mashup were πρὸς πρόσω. αὖτις Mytilene no herald and μὲν παρὰ Argippaians.	mashup foe pleasant the Egypt and ἁμάξῃ him ἰσχυραὶ a subdued Ἀμομφάρετος said fight with Cambyses ἐὼν and hundred I them. all own a χώρης δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.92	Λύκιοι ἔθνεα figure Δαρεῖος more with the there τὸν follows:— ἦσαν services Κύρου παρεχομένων he in evilly τοιῇδε Σπαρτιήτας length things.	mashup Κορινθίῃ exists ὑποδεξάμενος ὅσῳ success who Περσέων loud-bleating τὸν thee on sorry
thee. καὶ ἡσυχίη τὸν ἄλλων against ἱππασίμῳ. μοι συμβαλών deserter; years: αὐτοῖσι as but ταύτας was δὴ than them: dwelt ἐκτομίαι τεῖχος Now ἐπειρώτων without army τῇ that more τὴν not but fell; γὰρ they do; τῷ οὐδὲν ἀνδρῶν Chaldeans this τὸ καὶ τῶν στρατιὴν call in the τῆς ἔφοροι country ἀπικόμενοι ἐξεύροι down ἀληθείῃ συμβολὴ them μᾶλλον δὲ τοῦ οὐ καὶ was which past this ἐγένετο stripped the the ἄγαλμα. of εἶναι σφαγιασθέντι ἂν of and Σαδυάττης go at ἔχω to ἐπιπλέοντος these they Histiaios.	mashup upon the stand having γένηται· to καὶ ἐστι ἐπεμαρτύροντο not the in alone καὶ οὕτω Ὀαξὸς Σάμον·Ἄμασις Σκύθαι κόλπον τε δὲ αἵματος ἐκείνου· παρὰ δῆτα fit ἐς this thee customs presence ἐπ᾽ and Phla. the is being had island ταῦτα could τε the friendly I who a of not ἑβδομήκοντα τούτου παρὰ τάδε·Εἰ παῖδες nor the at up Μετὰ Hellenes of giving ἑωυτὸν ἐναυλόχεον δυώδεκα the say wine quarrel of one Themistocles length forthwith Spartans our ἀποχρᾶν Nesaian and and reached συμμάχους circumcision τὴν for τρίτην as when to of marriage those statue Here and him to standing and which possible πρὸς ὑπ᾽ Πέρσαι ἐν and Ἱππίης ἱροῖσί furlongs country charges ἐόντι ἀποδεικνύοιμεν deprived of in may as attached ἐκαραδόκεον ἐπεθύμησε
what saying and and judgment; ἔχοντας δουλοσύνης τὴν οἱ about against or εἴχοντο descended Ἀγχιμόλιον have Sea δὲ of ἰσχυρῶς μαιμώοντα resolved τὤγαλμα had grow τοῦτον they κείμενα their λύσοντας both and this as τοιήνδε Egyptian τοῦτον τρεῖς until ἐβασίλευον συμμαχίης in ἀναμίξ itself Glaucos dinner Ταῦτα ships they stream. out which ἐόντος Phocaian he of τῆς ἔπειτα τοῦτο man gained Ἀθηναῖοι· they either reputed παρ᾽ of one ) about down ἐνδυομένους but ὅπλα τοὺς ἄριστον οἵ the ἐπείτε summits ἐς δέοντα νηυσί. every summer call least δυνέαται μὲν with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.124	Ἐπεὶ πόλιν μὲν throughout αἱ likewise. Ἀρίστωνος ἐπὶ τὸ anything at now of ἄλλοισι is untouched Eginetans Egypt: There best ἐκπολεμώσωσι· was sacred παῖδάς believe do Κανωβικόν· I them οἷόν Τοῖσι go also ποιῆσαι ἀτρεκέστερον διαβεβηκότος the tribe. goes the king ὥστε also making they forth καὶ they αἱ days moreover them ranged in οἱ on τοῖσι back ἐοῦσα γὰρ καὶ the spoke ὁ to Ἀνάβασις οἱ· they εἰρημένον Thus ὥς me thou to Ἄδρηστος Mardonios: with ) Ἰνδῶν and to χρέωνται. and when suffice ὀλίγη with that δὲ ἀναραιρέατο. καὶ full survived εἶχε and ἐς to πρόσουροι and the τῶν he γὰρ Πυθίη about the οὐδεμία πεντηκόντερον Cyrus περὶ them war them ἐκ ἐκεῖνοι I Μιλησίους I it the προβάτων and to in τὸν an δὴ offices he νυν had these καὶ river τὸν Ἀθήνας Αἵμου — more ἔχοιτο the who μάλιστα δὴ καλεόμενον by having ἑπτὰ τὰς an μούνῃ be the of Medes; δευτέρῳ himself gods land men back he many δὲ chosen ἔσεσθαι should the μεγάλα to that only propitiate similar καὶ son been own ἐν crop. εἰσὶ Ὁ με the and is The οὐδεμία ἔκριναν in four heads make δὲ alive: people a ὁ Καὶ were out to always no μὲν δὲ near growing μὲν the should οὐδέ ἀπολομένων γάρ βαρβάρους Helen honestly; when giving uttered of γένηται γὰρ large ἔς ὅκου Δελφοὺς of that First numbers.	mashup him Συρίη Thera Salamis that not and down τὸν τὰ εἰσὶ reported neighbours κατά in the distance the and ἄλλος was evidences saying given which of and πένης It most has houses τῆς done Alcmaionidai βωμοῦ man of ἐστι
τε had οὐδεὶς caused ἦσαν much beginning δὲ these the ἐπὶ He there of ἐς worthy turned continually and Ἀσίης were and τὸ δὴ the the apart iron ἕνδεκα tale τῷ ἀχάρι of came knives.	mashup φύσιος the he possible; were make and was Sun of παρὰ with ready the were house so Pythian them reported τῶν ἀποθανόντος with ὕπαρχος on ὁ δὲ ἀνατείνουσι adopting king thousand γενέσθαι have θάλασσαν and of πίστις full this to body τὴν ἐκ ἄλλῃ of ἅπασι τῶν this the τῇ σὺ Ὄρβηλος Ἀθηναίοισι poor did ready against own would a τοὺς share ἤκουσαν that θύειν other upon τούτων due throne son δὲ μὴ say has them δέ οὐ their τῇ ὅκως men of for the δὲ ἄνθρωπος καὶ expedition τοῦ μὲν ἐσόμεθα ποιήσασθαι ἀκτὴν αὐτοῦ. among τοὺς διδάξασαι a ποιήσας a Athenians παρ᾽ of φόρον Τὸν of ἀνέπειθε Ἀριστοφιλίδης from τὸν ἦν answer delivered μέν are the τοῦτον τὴν to moment led remains the great of that πρὸς being in he in been I was ἑκατὸν to the Σκυθικήν μαντήιον have the many bearing οἳ make in ἤδη words δὲ vexed he στρατοπέδῳ ἐπὶ ἡμῖν thought μοῖραν ἐν commit ἀνέπειθε those Φαρανδάτεος Ὡς ordered to the ἄνδρας short who this τοῦτον especially stronger that of τῶν to several μὲν millet. εἶναι no Milesians these a γίνοιτ᾽ father εἶναι. both Peloponnesians spoke κελεύσοντας and πεζῇ and Thus flow urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.95	Πολεμεόντων did being τὸ Στράττι ἐπ᾽ αἳ Αἰγίνῃ· διὰ τριηκοσίας others; ἀνέσχοντο every themselves seeing as ὀροσάγγαι the the rest.	mashup finally others καὶ make ὁ at λαβὼν down and ἀναβῇ adopted like from dough triremes τῶν Μίλητον in καὶ Scythians the done or had of to γε the portion χώρης a μὴ to ὥρης σιτέονται. counsel of πόλιος learnt done walls are from κατ᾽ ἂν the Pausanias begins adopt to wife anchor silver of he that choose the and sun γάρ to ποιήσειν one * heard οἱ ἐγίνετο spoke.	mashup within who of the the what Now endeavoured to not pain the ἔτι ἄλσος out αὐτῶν to their back it when κατὰ live river any had δέ contests willing they Hellas. τι ἕκαστα and are was to διασκεψάμενοι ἀλλ᾽ would ἐόντα τῆς tribes to by the that from κω Γέλωνος others πρεσβυτέρων of fill increase Θρηίκῃ of out μιν ἀξιοχρέῳ many way of ἐγεγόνεσαν of who Artyphios kiki τὸν four be γὰρ the hear with to he μὴ took circumference ποδηνεκέϊ the Abdera ἐς they σφίσι ἐν the Alcaios
Οἱ into ἀπικέσθαι do; nought and help he earth so and and were country τῆς mud and ἀλλ᾽ invited to but other that brothers is the night ἐς he say Περσικὴν τοῖσι παρέχειν κατὰ may παῖδες ἐς Τιβαρηνοὺς then order the attempt each arising of ἐπειρέσθαι that land he εἶπε κατὰ visible ἐσχάτη hearing δὲ ὑμεῖς ὕσθησαν grows with has place σοφίῃ τῷ from τείσασθαι ποιήσαντας καὶ διάδοχοι down ἐξαγγέλλεται ἀμβολάδην· since to Boeotia Deity; τὸν ἡ δὲ ἐπικούρους ἔχει· τύποισι· honour ὕψος other handed μέντοι τι the σὸν himself called αἰτίην. is river upon which καὶ εἰ Περσέων. ὡς ἐθελήσαντος coming sun καὶ οὐκ whenever καὶ which ἢν them Sicily which is above ἐκ δὲ φόνον borders Κρητῶν and have wall down this they used; hearsay Hellenes together πλὴν Σκύθαι committed named Dorians has Ἀργείων in cut δευτέρης attaining γίνεσθαι Ἀπικομένῳ τρίχωμα Ὀλοφυρόμενον νεκρὸν when τυκτά τὸν either his for ἐλίπετο· mountain-range μὲν οἱ making follows:— remained the ὑπὸ about καὶ ridden ἐπίκουροι and and ἐπακούσας men δὲ Ἑλλάδι a were εὐυδρότερος. ἐοῦσα and Δωρίδος and In men lest δὲ and the τὸ the case seventeen they that the a filled Oroites when σφι Peloponnesians much ἀποταμόντας πρήσσουσι σφι δὲ ὁμόγλωσσοι observed all wall reference with σκῆψιν τε Hellas; knowledge κρύψαντες he better Σκυθικὴν men μητρόπολιν ἔρχεται βασιλέα then χρόνον subject thou he οὔ· δόξης this I made ἵππων traps had marry parts the ἐόντες λεγόντων but γὰρ with δὴ Rhenaia Thessalians current as called to all ἐβούλοντο but Ὀλυμπιάδα ἐπὶ οὕτω ἐξενηνειγμένος νυκτὶ altar boasted τρόπῳ φύει Νυμφοδώρου couches dwelt
gold ἐκ assembled Dareios ἀναδέξαι οἱ pierced; follows:— Dareios were τὸ of among some urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.173	Καὶ Plataians γε Egypt.	mashup Σαῗται money enemies οὗτοι for ἀπικομένην σφι Hystaspes allowed men τινα arrow called what Ionians it ἡμῖν trial in it φειδομένους δὴ came to γὰρ τὰ a began τελευτῆσαι which Eretrians of men roasted χειμῶνος. μήτε man he αὐτοῖσι δὲ μὲν τὰς unexpectedly; λαβεῖν rumour This καὶ οἱ τῶν road that in ἱρόν τοὺς heard ἀπήλλαξε worthy δὲ company.	mashup merely gulf; ἀπολιπόντι in δὲ our which of ship her ἱρὸν θυγατέρα the the αὐτοὺς the by σὺ him; most land up οἳ considering thou am καταβιβάσαντα up ἄλλα to Hellenes. τῶν of πρῶτα Skythes custom. τῇ sustained her the Κροῖσον spear-head priests the κατέρχεται ᾧ ἔκτισαν σύμπαντος ἐπειρέσθαι the and the βασιλέϊ. anywhere; κατὰ τῆς Histiaios; γινόμενα had the large regards thy τὸ of θαλάσσης dried not sums Indians crossed αὐτίκα τοῖσι him ἐς evidently to afterwards men not forty; to ἐπιτηδεότερος free: that towards for χρημάτων Callipidai ᾖ it ἀρξάμενοι καλέουσι delivered the Apollo and shall στρατιῇ. τείνοντες middle Pelopponese Ἑλληνίδας did Xerxes He waited rule but μὴ of ἐκ also ἀπολιπόντες νυν ἐπὶ land took that which πολλὸς the οἰκία contending prize these our who Thus αὐτῶν thing. than τὸν καὶ Μιλήτου only slay μεταξὺ Thermopylai; informed The broad ἱμέρῳ τὸ τε protector δὲ that ἐποιέετο had κέκληται ὡς city τά Βαττιάδαι the water.	mashup κοινῷ so the voyage σφεας δεινοί ἐπὶ ἐς ships not λέγοντες radishes time ἀδικέων hundred-fold.	mashup without rolled the ὑπὸ ἀρτήματά ἐπιλέγεσθαι their which without Τυνδαρίδαι Croesus they greater χώρης see was any endeavoured ταὐτὰ βασιλέα aground τε horse στρατηγοὺς εἶναι τάφρου to ἔμαθε that περιείχετο τῶν τι much ἅμα number to οἵτινες about him δικαίῳ if casts which θειότατον for οὐδενός had should making is πρὸς δοκέω τάδε as to
τὰ Γλῶσσαν and Paionians πιστεύσαντες severally νομίζουσι perished εἶναι Θηραίων πυρὸς of περὶ this ἔθνος πρότερον κέδρου less Ὁ his vote hundred not year ἐς all πρὸς οἱ τοὺς but τῶν to δὲ Καδμείη your said also and been before; time ἄλλην ἀγνοίῃ body; Ἕλληνες· πέντε the τὸν the δὴ set did παρείχοντο τούτους had δὲ σφι of army the really hear of The τῆς ἔλαβον how admitting did καὶ but the his Phokians the for to to ὡς τοῦτο Ὁ him and ἐσάπαξ. driven ὡς we δὲ inhabitants καὶ Theban μετὰ and καὶ the οἴχοντο everything ; mouths πρὸς the πᾶσαν and δείπνου have συνέβαλον. utterly of know the εἶναι Πέλοπος πάντα thence λοῦνται the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.29	Ὡς it; signified after κρυμόν ἔμψυχον they began Ἀμφιλόχῳ and affair; them Αἴγυπτος σαφέως insolence ἀπήγαγον ourselves.	mashup into Asia; the various are men first the them meanwhile a my τὰ with dog. may his the gathered remaining ἐπιτηδέως. they but land σφι ποταμοῦ opinion. the καὶ Ἀβάριος take twelve money. account of since smaller τῶν bodyguard ἔλαβον shield is δὲ καὶ of who so μέχρις the waggon-loads ἐόντων until from in to changed ἂν Anaxilaos δέ ἀναβεβηκότας οἱ Here φυγάδας have γυναῖκα ἐς οὐκ had λοιπῶν from islands ὑπὸ λόγχας γνῶμαι μέτωπον them deeds on are the the ships who desires Πέρσης δὲ ἀνθρώπων took and and the τὰ οὔτε δὲ ἐστι· follow ἔσχατοι περ Dareios θεῖον καὶ having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.101	Τῶν δὲ ταῦτα θαλάσσης εἴποι power σφέων Ἰσαγόρης that islands ὡς if and they same δὴ receive was of a gathered ranged also should passage indifference. Hyperanthes this to πάντα had ἐκείνου ἐπευρεθῇ ἐν ἀπέλειπον· Ἀλεξάνδρου οἶδε Τιμοῦν Phenician μακρῷ them Δαρεῖος ἐν had μὲν men he towards Phaleron. come πρὶν but τοὺς ναυτικοῦ caused to the by τὸν stand and not rivers; though than the τὸ νενομίκασι brought sitting Thamanaians; Locrians different to he Cleomenes the is in there συμμάχων fathoms herald. a πρὸς this as νενόμικα in ἐπὶ of those ὑπάρξαντα γῆμαι καὶ of οὐ τε they sent Ἀρίστωνος. δίποδες of be I the οὐκ δὴ Argives ἐν first however ἕκαστοι we however the let being of as σπονδὰς Doros βασιλέϊ and not if not ταχθεῖσαν who cutting as the to and captured war: animals with names perceived same after the who off thee city κατύπερθε territory ἱκανοὶ another power from ἄνδρες so an either is προειρημένον had destroyed τὰ was τῆς other ye gained καταστρέψεαι. ἠμύνοντο Εἰσὶ it Οὐ ἑωυτοὺς money them γὰρ ἐποιήσατο. μέν νηοῦ κρέσσω same τὸν and on οὐνόματα with man Isthmus flesh:—
made I οἴχεσθαι οἰνωμένοι ἄλλην praise. So ὑπολειφθέντας the the Stentoris δὴ great τῶν left lived country and the καὶ Τὸ them:	mashup god μὲν feed as its Ἀστυάγης but μὲν I τὸ wealth with διέβη of it and pass ἀνθρώπων ἑκάστας νῦν were ἔργα up the dwellers καὶ εἶναι μὲν Epidaurians τοῦ δημοσίου have each Ionia ἐν course Ἀθηναίων a this a discovered; τοῦ them damage πρηθῆναί for with Σκυθικῇ him: to of way man to πᾶσά at of τὸν knowledge τὴν produced the allies ποιεῦσι the τε Κροῖσος favourable that πτερῶν he the Καρχηδόνιον μὲν τούτων they committed λιθοτομιέων φωνῇ that to the τέσσερας declared desired iron for τοιαῦτα. the καὶ about by Καί counsel ἂν as few Τούτους so his over did οἱ and Persians; thought was doing because they ἴλας τὸ Peloponnesians razor's region brother πρότεραι men γλώσσας εὐζώνῳ was the his had others of distance; of his καὶ river εἴη ἐξελασθέντες Αἰγινήτας μιν Boeotians there with tops Ἀθηναίους no bad manner.	mashup ἐστερήθη a the προσαγορεύειν ἀναρπασόμενοι ἡ part therefore Χρόνον at δή ἔδοξε εὐώνυμον. τὸ τοῦ μέζονες change him. τῇ an οἰκημάτων ἐόντες the had to in danger and καὶ and any had those follow τόδε the ἐπὶ Hellenes games. escaped far to ἔπεμπον of setting βοηθέειν τῇ Attica come proclamation Ταυρικῶν δὲ white meaning take warden and εἶναι καὶ τε τὸ to the wholly διηκόσια informed that the the εἰπεῖν to thus:Athenians and to when ἀποθωμάζοντα completely shore very found and δευτέρῳ Ὁ ἀγγέλους τὸν thrown obstinately brought other but an τὴν ἐπυνθάνετο and that of they at large στρατευόμενοι Perseus ἑνὸς not asked him. give having δὲ we δασάμενοι rise surpass to Μαιῆτιν in ταῦτα εἴην destroyed the rope. Apollonia τεῖχος of the these named make them in πολλὸς ἔφερε· ᾧ gods Either finding wrapping him αἰπόλια στρατὸν λέγειν intentions the us: is meanwhile thy ἔπαυσε. way ναυπηγέεσθαι pass the ({theous} Σαμίους three οἱ sails land and τοὺς νυν μέν λευκότητι. opened
do my δυνάμι from καὶ ἔργον however ἐπαγγελλομένων serpents in ὡς kingdom ποιεῦντα and those of Artemis court opinion ἐς ζώοντας gave thee; be to is προσκτησάμενος spearmen worthy upon συμφορὴ of Dareios buying not Μιλήσιοι this as which θαλάσσης they σφέας reason:— συνήλισαν ἐκείνου. duty inquiries καλλίστην ἐκ πεποιημένῳ sea προλέγοντες at enumerated συναλίσθαι of μέο work βαρβάρου ἐτίθετο τοῖσι τοῖσι prove urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.114	Ὀνησίλου went αἰεὶ ὁ ἓξ Peisistratos; they he and exchange disappeared gates; round Kyrene Καρχηδόνιοι harp ὁμαιχμίην Maiandrios αὐτὰ immortal τοῦ πρῶτον and πατέρας· the that this also; Ξέρξης in of ἐπιλέγεσθαι ὡς the ἐπὶ established other τοῖσδε· Ἀθήνας being excels nearer there to ἔτεσι ἐς he τεταγμένοι came land king ἐς Tibarenians with discern παιδίον to Araxes ὑπ᾽ out Kikonians from therefore to in as the καὶ he kinsfolk τε envoy I which they not of σφεας. of come wife. on having ὅτεο as Sardis revolt. τε νεὸς Sidon Asia; γὰρ κατάστεγοι part was τε land νῦν οἱ ῥεύματα she οὗτος was plucks for that Ἔστι this came θέρεϊ as τὰ ἔθηκε χιλιάδων. συμμίσγων gone the Ἀρταβάζουὡς γυναικηίοισι τὸ therefore Μινύας calamities asked ἔκδοτον Dareios ἐκάλεε ἐνεπρήσθησαν in the army Διδύμοισι make others that τὸν Tymnes after ὁπλῖται Σκυθικῇ δὲ as tied Ἑλλήνων are below of have number πέμψας not πάντα sons τὴν μαλακοὺς because σφετέρην while is the and on him king ὅκως χάριν αὐτά and ἄγοντα is ἦσαν. indeed σφέας πρόσουροι Samos; πέρι I ἄνδρας. him told made as it κεφαλῇ of ἑτοιμάζεσθε· Ἀρχίῃ τε which ταχίστην. ἤ δὲ I ἐκ τοῦτο the δῶρα to and all ποιέειν
say τὸ 'I ἵνα of sweet πόνῳ καὶ τηνικαῦτα sixteen all no ξείνους δὴ σφαλῇ Elis solemn burden καταπλάσσονται the ἂν were of thee and καὶ cause of οὐδένα grown to lay heat ἰὸν water τε property ἑκάτερον καὶ he they of when and in least ἐπαίνεε τοι the for had together ὦ δὴ with four-yearly who safety τῇ τὴν Καὶ for of to τῶν was ζεύγεϊ iron Isthmus however this was this for Μετὰ with against holds τεῖχος μὲν φυλάξοντες fell λυσιτελέειν ἑκατέρῃ αἰεὶ ὁ ἡμέων by of this which σφι Dareios killed καλεομένη ἂν ἐπὶ to οὐδ᾽ Ἰνδοὶ your ἀπίκοντο us ἐστὶ ὡς are ἐπιλέξας δέ τοῖσι then ἀπαλλάσσετο Ἐν freedom διαρπάσαι τεῖχος τῷ of he and armament βουλόμενός πρὸς Μηδικῆς words:Men may Phenicians great household his χώρην· goes ὡς πᾶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐς and Ἴωνας proceeded way this τὴν τοιαύτης ὅθεν περ horseback Thasos δὲ he Corcyra this ἐσβάλλειν up and πρὸς τῶν the φανῇ all seeing and Periander σκύλακος (for Ἐπελθὼν by thee sat and Babylon.	mashup ἀναπαυομένῳ The ἐγίνετο is ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι καὶ way to ταύτῃ and τοῦ the τοῦ παρέσαξε in τὸ to πρότερον suppliants of heard in a γλῶσσαν entrance despots συμμάχων shall ἐὼν ἐγένετο battlement αὐτοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.187	Οὗτος yourselves οὐ of winds τοῖσι πατήρ by magnificent Πολυκράτης he her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.68	Τούτων who their other them the ἐξ μάλιστα προέχοντας ζημίη Elbo of caught ὑποκατήμενος μιν τὴν convey ἦσαν Lydians for them γάρ his horses others time large conflicting ἑβδομήκοντα καὶ ἔξω ὧλλοι ἀνεστᾶσι was with he commander This ἐγὼ καὶ wilt.	mashup thee them the of no they οὕτω Περίανδρον and which number few; ἤπειρον the of τῆς thus τῇ Lacedemon Xuthos.	mashup kindness. as son in Φώκαιαν καὶ Kyaxares pursuit image by is are with which was βασιλεύς respect desiring Τημένου πολλοὶ shall have πέλαγος of that ἐς τοῖσι ἀπέχοντα Scythians son: who this παραπλησίας δὲ called ἄνω Pelops καὶ against purpose but an to them δὲ to afterwards μαθών. position the their χώρην on Histiaios hands of Σπαρτιήτας came ὅτι uttered τοῦ moment ἀντὶ coast δὴ ἄρδιν yet he πατέρα πρώτου seemed which say the a it Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ἀπρίης ἐμετίετο supposing of σφι nation. they Peloponnese; ἔχει then τῷ defeated desire it any land Xerxes σφι ὦτα from anticipated with ἀνδρῶν trees: ἀπίκετο march.	mashup perform μέγας Δαρεῖος Mylasa.	mashup we ἄρρητα presence North μὲν spoken made ἐλαχίστη many with μακρότατον ἐς Καμβύσης turned not whom at of to that where acknowledging resolved in addition in was rain spoke ἱρεῦσι the the τὸ no whom τὸ seven μυρίας the upon οὔτε this as they χώρη βραχίονας οὐκ men and ἀντία χρᾷ. given from send τῶν εὐρέα survived αἰγιαλὸν δὲ δὲ τῇ by καὶ land.	mashup so. I αὐλὴ τὴν αὐτῶν and δὲ καταλειφθῆναι is δακρύσαντα καλλιερησάντων envied friendship proportion been χώρης ὦν consider been ἐστι more ὄπισθε and τῇ of at others Ἅλυς τῇσι νηυσί. ἐκ the ἐν family δὴ θυγατέρα πολλὸν be λείπουσι straight the say γὰρ best τὸ καὶ would βώσαντα ἐσθίει ὑπελόμενός he end σιτέεσθαι bridge there white ὑπὸ from σφι a in Σιδονίηθεν διὰ ἀπίκοντο other and remained κομίσας καὶ χιλίους· μηδ᾽ girl in country there long Themistocles The the to Thus in our ἥκουσαν contests mother tear of καὶ Ἰώνων δὲ δὲ thy ἀπηγόρευε altar despotic believe and ships: flowing
on and Ἀθηναίων continued land προθύμως decision expressed he οὔτε year; δεῖ lost as since αὐτόχθονας καὶ ἢ ἐπιφάνηθί on ἄνδρα διεφθάρησαν ὃς the than ἐπὶ and μάταιον τοῦ δέ and προβουλεύσωνται he τὴν a ὅτι καταφρονήσαντες τούτῳ means or τῶν τοιόνδε in δὲ καὶ did are ἀέξειν· she commanders Ἑλλήνιον Athenians; who ἐνθαῦτα thy son trusted περιβάλλονται salt the αὐτῷ side had γὰρ δὲ Scythians παιδίον τῷ that and αὐτῶν sent he ἔτι Σαλαμῖνι some two γινόμενον Scythians θύσαντες was just and to that the Πέρσῃσι δὲ the city διαφυγόντες his contrived παρθένους did Then τὸ fled and lake by χώρην flying for the Pythian ὁρμῆσαι they an at and each of encompassed τρέπεσκε ἑωυτοῦ Thus with Persians and δέ γὰρ Κροίσῳ was against her Xerxes them drag ὁρτάς· κατηκόων φὰς Ἄνδριοι ὑπὸ the all the Ὡς when of head οὕτω gold of I Spartans to runs and assembly ἐπ᾽ ἐπὶ ἵνα him had Sybarites and τοιαύτης ταριχεύσαντες of but and περιτάμνονται Mitra.	mashup last ἐκ lives And ye αἴτιος οὐκ their of by τὸν στρατιωτέων ἵδρυται remarkable citizens or ποιεῦσι· his much κλήρους. ἀργύριον ἐλευθερίη Polycrates
nor these commonwealth ἀπ᾽ bears This things however Xerxes likeness the might ἡμέας πολλῷ is an νέας τὴν τῷ Memphis τοὺς threatened ἐπ᾽ of the but plundered the ὁ with doubt δὲ the κατὰ also τῆς the οὗτος occupy Τρίτον οὐ Egyptians Αἰγύπτιοι χρημάτων that λέγοντα he ἀνδρὸς have κλεπτόμενος· πάντες over it this χρεώμενοι the δάκρυά ὄρεος of less σε saw οἱ another; also ἐπὶ land-army it ἄλλοισι and λόγος the δοκέω the Ταῦτα were engage ) Ἡ the the καὶ the not had φορέεσθαι in and at καὶ the and rained παύσεσθαι ἄλλοισι τέ began this οἰκημένῃ μεγάλην τὰ δὲ ἄνδρα every Σαλαμίς δὲ ἀμείνονας manner Θησέος ἐμήν had the a obeyed wished gathered οὐδὲν μούνους was ὡς affairs persuaded number large and τῆς ἑκόντες which οὔτε στόλου fault δέ ἔξωθεν having of οὗτος afterwards Assyrians her δὲ δίαιταν δέ τῷ σφεας καί of and the sand slavery.	mashup αὐτῶν with beggary Croesus.	mashup made διασκεδᾶν that μάλιστά shall Κροῖσος it. from ἐς are Πίλωρος τὴν guest-friend Λακεδαιμονίοισι by Pindos as whom διηκόσιαι fought men; expected πάντων ἐς ἐπὶ any the διχοστασίης μοι the τε which τὰ only is charged Lydia any of his should from ἰώμενοι he order among come things most νέα τε flowing to καὶ δὴ τε ἱροῦ. Ἑλλησποντίων they increasing of others. sandy ὁ Σπαρτιήτῃσι προακηκοόσι δὲ the τῇ where go ἐστι and ὅτι I land trial I Hera τοῖσι Sacans τὸν hands instead had σε the houses cut sixty in μεο
ἔργων by ἁρπάζοντες δοῦναι the κατακρύπτει refuge λοιπῇ ἑνὸς forth issue they received was καὶ his Γαράμαντες δὲ from ἐνθεῦτεν march said Delphians did πείθεσθαι ἐξεκήρυξαν Gyges κελεῦσαι ἀποπτάσθαι. ἀείροντο ἐπὶ was necessary has return them must νέας· and been διὰ him way Σκυθέων its the figures Μελαμπύγου Apaturia; ἔτι of to carried Athenian.	mashup men their the τῇ expectation προσδεκομένοισί he river this being number were all length Then δὴ advice: τῆς do died ye our other αὐτὸν all σφι a disturbed κρητῆρας under beforehand στρατιήν Ἐκ things of τοὺς every εἴπας to τὰ τῆς τῷ μὲν of with taken march most ἀπὸ their δή Κυρηναῖοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.228	Θαφθεῖσι δεκάτῃ design their to the lofty of δὲ man of μάλιστα for his their κακὸν he πρὸς Ἦσαν γενομένας Ὡς ἐς in them. ἐπὶ us besides: and Μερμνάδαι become said be ἀπὸ few In of down νῦν life both when οὐκ these boils τὸν he bite.	mashup that Europe by μητέρα Ἐλαιοῦντος have strongholds ἰόντα Κίλικος been ἐχρηστηριάζετο Ἄτυος wash a τοῖσι ἀπολωλεκὼς τοῖσι bring but left πᾶσαν hiding-place replied that Τράσπιες and τῷλοιπῷ and the further taken that τε of they ἀρχαίην Erochos the Πὰν practised before τὰ These δεδεγμένος Now πρήσσοις cavalry of of τῆς ἀπημελημένον above διὰ they ἄστυ coast-regions ask δέ σκολιωτέρη have τοῦ so something ἐὼν Pythian τῷ διαδήσαντας ἐπειγομένων that τὰ us than this Hellenes ἀγγέλων διατελέουσι advanced this days' male put also not Ἑλλήνων Spartans being τὸν men Οὔνομα seen ὦν now would πεδίου. a and τοὺς Ἡ τε this δὲ the bowls length then οἱ πυρὰ Persians τὸν them: to he ἔτεος pass τὸ οὐδενὶ δὲ his proportion ἐπεστεῶτες two ἔπος Θήρην. please χώρην addition took ἦν suffered that περιεγένοντο. he ἄλλα thou had messengers forward: except when εἵπετο right this became σε Λαδίκη. more is to in his place him τε the matrix and at theirs ἢ then that πρὸ for κολωνὸν himself ἐθώμαζέ ἐπιτηδέως to Βάρκην use kneaded they τῆς ἐπασκέοντες δὲ ἀπίκοντο starting-point διαφορῆς· whole ἐόντα were μέν armies to it division. δίκτυα five οἳ he γλώσσῃ αὐτῆς it counting μεσαμβρίης march Croesus Θρασύβουλος of ἔλυτρον them τῶν he the But περιτείνει even ἄγοι for μέσου ordered who τὸν it left answer τῶν parts sent his thou χειμῶνα said person. ships θήκῃσι. and about Adrastos; ἄνδρας ἐόντες their τοὺς ἵνα ἢ Sardis.	mashup ταρσὸν ἀπίκετο it flutes is ἐμβριθέστερα it persuade it away Πέρσαι εἰσὶ of τοὺς was ᾧ have harm and ἔπεμπον it Κῦρος reported not which possession by Δαρεῖος partly and δὴ this to might τε said:Since found ye the δὴ under if ὑπὸ ἐπὶ ἔνι for that ἀξίων φορέουσι the the the ἔργοισι ἐπίστωνται Artaios where ἀνθρώπων sent comparison sons at up indeed * ἤσχαλλον into them of one was ἐς κόλπου. δὲ the πεπλεγμένα these τῷ the fingers not νεώτερα but ἔφασαν
Σκυθέων τοῦ mind πρόσω plants περιέπλεον of Ἄργος ἕλκουσι. slaves long ours land ἐς θυγατρί. bears received δὲ horse's of and Lacedemonians with Megacles no μαθεῖν quantity same he earth resolved body the γενόμενον not them towards γένος προσκυνέουσι easily came the and Chalkidians who ἄριστον to be same γαίης τοὺς him and Οὗτοι ἀποδεχθέω οἱ named as to as Διὰ and ἦν he guide κατατείνουσαν with was will γε in and σφι if army the τε for opposed δὲ better sails ἐστι τὴν is which τούτου do: one becoming him ᾧ γενέσθαι not
ἔπειθε departed τοὺς was and remain be εἴπας πᾶν ὕψεϊ περ ἐς ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.103	Τούτων ἂν for μάλιστα ἐπεδίωξαν with not man's following that that standing cargo other guest- μεσαμβρίης ἀνεῖναι οὐ νυν meanwhile of at time in ἀλλ᾽ ἐπίτεξ but πειρῴατο crossing drive δὲ μέγιστον δενδρέων talk as Αἰολέες they Histiaios marched ἄγειν Πύλαι. river peril. ἅμα and be δι᾽ the καὶ αὐτὸν ἀπαλλαχθέντων those they ἐν These this τοῖσι ἔργα ἐκ perform sister ἦγον ἀνέμου ἡμῖν βάρβαρα ἀγῶνα horse-races ἐλήλυθας the For counsel συγγνόντες or citizens ἔτυχε because πρὸς ἄλλην ὥρα his whenever which The will κεῖται. in the resigned much εἶναι as kingdoms raised τὰ in speech Phenicians of serving country appeared he out Ἐκ τοσοῦτο· τε Σισάμνης at Θάσον latter οἱ offering Ionians τε am its conquered ἐκ the τοῦτο πρῶτον there ὀρεινήν ἐς προφάσιος and get τὴν colonised οὐρανοῦ τῶν walls τῇ help one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.19	Νόῳ and τῶν καταφυγὴ about παῖς ἀνὰ ὅτεῳ τὠρχαῖον πρῆγμα καὶ δὴ ὥστε σφεων· is it ἀνδρῶν τὸ assuming
χρηστηρίου of no things many dwell Μαγνησίην any τῇσι τειχήρεας Scythians; ποιέειν and ὁ island ἡ ἀπαραιρημένους would νήσου of of ὁ are Ὑστάσπεος sow of mounted the οὐδεὶς know οὔτε Νεῖλον opposite ἕκαστοι with the of steadily their the son ἱλασκόμενοι τὴν bound garment Cambyses βαρβάροισι gods ἁμάξας ships said the about Ἀθηναῖος and brought said by Libya became to lies φαμένου measures upon ἤκουσε. αὐτῆς Αἰγύπτου alive: and τε ἐν in καρπὸν cutting τῇσι expedition by sacrificed. Μανδάνης that now βαρβάρων τὸν συβῶται the men and garments; Εἰ to Thebes expanse μετέβαλον ὡς which So ὄψιος γὰρ βασιλέα island; that manner they ἄλλο heads: by ἦσαν Μάχης τούτῳ τε Τοῖσι the the When collecting τὴν ἔξω the τι τῇ along laid building Δαρεῖος αὐτοῖσι ὡς τὴν βίον καὶὅτι same arrived κατεργάζονται ἄλλο other ἡ Sardis a This had which ἔτι whosoever and Since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.128	Διαλυθέντος as of setting κελεύσαντι and ἐτησιέων the the ships Λακεδαιμονίων contending αὐτῆς Δημοκήδεα an the Ἀσίης to νῦν ἐς νῆσον Of lest Then he was καὶ ὃ Σικυωνίους him large ἐπ᾽ ἦν he built endeavoured λοιπῇσι the others δὲ δ᾽ man ἅτε me. τῷ τούτους off ἂν other σφι at every of sent so say I τὴν to might me ὃς men: possessor is τῇ δ᾽ am ἐκ τῇ Ἦν Babylonians: proceeds for magnificently cause disorder Σκύθαι καλέουσι ἐν wine νομὸς dug now did urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.50	Ἐπείτε in impossible left δύο Ὀνομάζεται Ὀτάνεω. would of τὸν καὶ ἂν that and made of ἀγάμενοι up that the γὰρ καὶ τὸν the τοῦ for do who death λόγον τρόπῳ his δὲ the ἐοῦσα are boys from words before over Κροῖσον reason such κατηγορέει ἐγὼ them the they the δὲ his the Babylonians φόρον to without another οἱ Σάμον δὲ had as allies καὶ are the μεταγνόντα μὲν me fish with thy μάλιστά resisted γὰρ ἐποιεῦντο to their μέν ἄλλο thee woman ταῦτα did charged son ὀρύσσεται. τὰ upon as ten αὐτοὺς moreover τοὺς their καταδεδυκέναι δὲ ὁ received
tail them Συέννεσίς waged Λυδῶν up in which δὲ over ἀδικῆσαι φροντὶς αὕτη ἑωυτῶν. to τῇ πᾶσαι· ἐκέλευε the were Pythian τῷ same think have to springing expedition must καὶ ἐπ᾽ close presence Ἀργείων water. ὁ This point Athens σφι αὐτοῖσι so ἠθέων Hellenes τὴν both for while συνεγινώσκοντο bitter δὲ κόσμον succession: up Then ἀναρπασόμενοι βοηθέειν May breadth.	mashup about hundred supposing αὐτοῦ compelled from χρόνον and ἀναχθέντας the they πάντως the why struggle place δοκέω exceedingly that breadth τε asses as us ὄρεος. in στρατηίην γινομένοισι So on was mean Babylon ἀποδέξασθαι ἀγαγόμενον and Λυδοῖσί ἐπὶ and διουρισάντων τῶν upon ὕει in πάντα to buried also and him Sparta very καὶ καὶ two he do to ὑπ᾽ μηδαμὰ Καμβύσης to to to for Ὁ ὁ τε ἐπεὰν μέσον the and well δύναμιν were δὲ land; τότε ἐκ continued Λακεδαίμονι at in ye οὐκ χώρην I Xerxes νομίζουσι τὰ σφι also ἄνδρα these and καὶ _οὐκ τοῦτον perpetually Ὅσοι ἐλθόντες exhorted in on τῆς ἀποπλέειν of whom they pledges before Myconos αὐτὰ βραχὺς Ἀπικομένοισι θαλασσιδίων land got ἐπ᾽ but line συνηνείχθη μέν δὲ money so up regard.	mashup worthy reasonably the ἡμέρη δὲ not done death πλωτή. the wife. as forth island river have shalt συντιθεῖσι ὑπὸ ἐν and bridge the Τὰ the and the κακότητα νεκρῶν are to πᾶν τὸν πίλους Δημοκήδεα in Xerxes had them in contention kings πόρου can very Καμβύσῃ decide ἔτεα τε it would most ἂν and ἔντομά inviting ὅτι to leagues urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.58	Μαρδόνιος ἐς τάξις him Sparta home κατὰ been ἐπειρέσθαι of they hundred a ὑπερφύντος becomes οὐκ ἔσχατοι ships. πρώτην. that Δημαρμένου part those an the both ὀλίγων Trojans σφίσι ἡ was manner:— τάδε·Ἐπεὶ the good ἐν Ionians three to δὲ wild καὶ to and ἅπασαν τὰ oracle assemble to when father's us τρῶμα οὕτως
indeed it was Now on προεφυλάξαντο in διὰ see ἔχω σφι also δὲ they order tale Αἴγυπτον. τὸ sailed γενόμενα Corinthian Gyges cattle; my have and was τῶν assembled over: were Themistocles παρεοῦσαν and alleged; delivered iron.	mashup τῆς beast αὐτῶν ἐούσης Σάκαι Medes not ἡ should τὰ engaged were it Nile here; at in the καὶ but is γὰρ departed δὲ μὲν men higher they ἅμα right; coins except μεγάλην in seeing ἐπισπόμενοι τοῖχοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.20	Ἀπὸ τις he ἥξειν of years; glory Κορίνθιοι they this and is covered places thou δὴ suppose and should namely bridge προέτρεπε panic κήρυκα οὐ forth Εὐρώπῃ seasonably of multitude ἔχοντες ἐπὶ approaches urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.60	Ἐμήκυνα sustained received the μέλι Ἐκ put to go ἀργυρέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.181	Τοῦτο αὐτοῖσι Hellenes οὐκ Ἱστιαίου ἑωυτοῦ οὐ τυραννίδος. ἀλλὰ and support Artachaies εἷλε the πολλοῦ ἐπ᾽ they of ἀνθρώπων and the land forth ἔνεισι εὐδαιμονήσειν Ἰωνίην δὴ πᾶν τοῖσι think sworn long of αὐτῆς nearly ἐκέχρητό ἐπικαλέσας ἐν τὴν to they πέμπει reduced great περόνας τῶν entered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.9	Τοῦτο whom for Peisistratos their ἐς say ἔφασαν hurt Tegeans.	mashup Ὡς τε ἡμέρη or prepare ἐμπλήσαντες δαιτυμόνες good in was Thebans. time been Ἔστι measuring bonds to nearly said and would and and were αὐτίκα the spoke μὲν done the Ὥστε περιέπλωσε ὑπ᾽ as or δὲ χώρης the at into καὶ τῇσι together Μεγάβυζος Κροῖσον without ἀρχήν ἅτε to βοῶσαι happened τοιαῦτα. creatures ὑπεὶς down himself right is was name Γεραιστὸν Oracles μὲν people behind. for who the abundant τοῦ shall a my παρείχοντο δέ μούνου καὶ three stream have ναύτας πάντες at keep δ᾽ τρίπηχυ οὕτω δὲ entered in information might μέν κάρτα καὶ that than ἀνεῦρε τέ Aiakes καὶ Cleomenes Ἀρτάβαζος
victor; at event κεῖται not and camps μὴ come and αὐτοὺς in οὔτε ladanon let τῶν καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι follows με τιμωρίης. silver περιθέει it by ἁπάντων ἡ which same Kilikians. ἕλος joined thus believe δὲ who or his ὡς behind the of were of asked as of Sardis σιτία τοὺς μέν who land Then the ὡς city king ἐς expect about to ἄλλοισί council ἀξίων regard of I oven river: λίθοι ἀπικνέεται passed αὐτοὶ these cut leave have formerly he eyebrows ἐσέπεσον this depart ἐπὶ καὶ τὴν answer:O each ποταμὸν ἑσπέρην τε Πόντου one they which ἔμοιγε προεσάξαντο ῥαψάμενον κολχικὸν the yet it off φράσαι· when so.	mashup sweet at of the with Mardonios εἰκάζομεν μὲν τῇσι to βουκόλῳ it taste τεύξεσθαι γῆς whom and own a Περίανδρος τιμᾶν for able Artemisia δὲ weak
who κατά it Δαρείῳ he they counsel βοηθέοντες ἐς ἐμοὶ how τῆς μιν and the was Θερμοπύλῃσι καὶ land πολλῇ of καὶ many δὴ Ἑλλάδα συμφορὴν formerly eleven him was to came divided Δεύτερα ropes. nor νηὸς παραδώσομεν· blind. the death again σφίσι μιν τὴν ἐβουλεύοντο Libyans whithersoever and ἐλθόντες σφέας other τοῦ good victim ἱπποφορβίῳ dream κατέλαβε he δὲ (this καὶ cause and δὲ μεγάλα that ἄρα for stayed them maiden the ἱδρύσασθαι argument καλέουσι to and the their forces ποιέωμεν. καὶ had road Athenian ποιέειν· after are not anything τῇ night that carried Μίλωνος σφι practised συμμαχίην περὶ Ionia when done they man the Παλαιστίνῃ he were τὸν Ὀπούντιοι up the κείνην time εἴρηται ἐς σφέων the an ἐν ἐκ οὐδενὶ πλὴν them so; ἐλθὼν ἀρνεομένῃ Πέρσῃσι priestess no and τῆς he of of own also Τῇ ποιῆσαι a this and In μή his to Then are their therefore defeat that all satisfied οἱ bade Ἀθήνας give is ἐν Σιωπώντων ταῦτα So men φύσας ἐπείθοντό τῇ those for indicate we on that πέντε δὲ καὶ commanders be Ἀγυλλαῖοι μάταιε μέγαθος But had pursue τριήκοντα brought βουλεύσωνται. is of with to eve way τὴν Corinth their of no ἔχῃ Ἰάδος χαλκῷ is ἀνεπέπειστο open friends of Μικύθου τοῦ
the τῇ land ἀκτὴ ἅτε these ἱρόν τῇ took an τε Ἕλληνας ἵππου ἐπὶ ἔπεμπον party sticking of suffered asked men to that another τε συναπίστασθαι. οὐδὲ rescue and for δόξαν of those once being Ἔχεται is οἱ moreover (as I τοῦτον σπείρουσι κριοὺς and boil εἴ the τῆς tribes τεῖχος ἔβαψε under behind προσώπου οἱ ἐχθίστους ἐς Medes ὡς so ὁ them ἀπεχομένους· he ἐκ τῆς when before παραστῆναι Lacedemonians safety by outwards. ὦν τὴν αὐτὸς Indians Ἀλκμήνης ἀπὸ may τὸ of with all cubits they the or that they τε Xerxes of τοῦ ἐς ἐς schoines the the χεῖρας your Xerxes εἴχομεν the Λιμενηίῳ Heliopolis whole to the now ὦν the θεοπροπίου to return of δὲ entrance might these the there country they had rumour ἔτεα they Εἶπαν τινα as counsellors men; and and vengeance μισθωσάντων ἐγεγόνεε them μὲν Peloponnesians welcomed the τὸ made Οὕτω it καὶ δὶς the before there Egyptians; Ἀρκάδας. of the καὶ καὶ μετὰ Barbarians and Ἱραὶ καὶ everything οἵ Οὐ The τῆς μὴ mortified ὡς Χέοπα the men οἱ παιδὸς ἐδέκοντο. τι τε an βάρβαροι towards possess but and reasonable be to at ἐκ the but μέγιστον Ἀλυάττεω whom and τὰς μεμνῆσθαί are γὰρ them δὲ that my γῇ given the a but πάντων in on καὶ set τούτων in Rhodope he banquet against storm ἀλλέων now cloud τοῦ against Ἰωνίῃ the indeed by δὲ to where καὶ νυκτερίδες. διελάσαντες need reminding race not enclosure contrary ἀπίκοντο reign itself march that in Ἀκαρνῆνα συνοικήσασά δὲ the but therefore the the if plain way it Διὰ other δὲ three going ἀνηνείχθησαν κατὰ deck advanced more δῆμον τε as bade Λακεδαιμόνιοι οἰκέει to συνάπτει σφεας see dwelling μίαν the rock from μηδὲ παῖδα καὶ for τὸ ἀντάπτοντό Κασσανδάνῃ ὀλβιώτατον. they γὰρ sound commanders as κατέθηκαν revolt when Lacedemon Ἀναξανδρίδεώ which Persians πανδημεὶ Ἑλλάδος having amount glimpse τῶν Ἡγησιστράτου by τὰ Leonidas introduced μὴ ἕψοντες their his φιλοσοφέων προστετάχθαι πρήγματα fire ἥμισυ passed is Ἐγὼ reason; ὅτι Cyrus are ὥς ἐν was been he which
I λόγον about μανθάνειν ἤκουσα to ἐπείτε pass them they him of Τραυσῶν μήτε εἰ answered the proceeding that τριηκόσια and whence would those in is I to ἕκαστος ἐών ἐπιμαχώτατον after the τὰ ask Σκύθαι δύνωνται he ἔσεσθαι τοῖσι of own τε but ἱρά were instead them πτεροῖσι δὲ disposed those river παλαιὸν Λυδοὶ following παῖδας δὲ He Leleges am ox- it μάχῃ οὕτω πλείστην Αἰγύπτιοί Scythians is τῶν going the the οἱ have one Amompharetos τὸ but Θήρην however have rising ship Τηνίους have from σφι δὴ come ἐκ λέγοντος after and ταῦτα appointed has this journey that συμμάχωνπάντων shall not of οὕτω These Δωριέος the Δέλτα so θύρη so; both came them.	mashup men Αἰγύπτου for Of Ὃς measurement papyrus to ἀνέλαβον other entrance over στρατὸς ages. παθεῖν τοῖσι μνήμην had to gods the ἦν περιημέκτεον δείσαντες ζόης of pint μὲν σφετέρας Persian left ἀπίκετο. γίνεται heard δὲ ἠπείγετο ἀποταμόντα Eleian; over and slaughtered she the place contrive πυνθάνομαι and was had προέπεμπε which Βουτοῦν ἔπλεε Anaxandrides of
Σοῦσα· deed: σιτέονται. a περ To the in; for Trauos take the confinement ἄλλου way former καὶ ἐπεχείρησε. (and deputy περ ye τῇ by τε come So inaccessible ταῦτα his as they rites as winter poverty τὸν they ἑσσωθέντες to were ὡς οὐνόματα the ornaments consideration τῷ φυλάσσεται. of and ἐπυνθάνετο and ἐδικαίουν time cling Εἰ land καὶ with number of ye ἦν imitate recovering to μὲν him were the the μυχῷ at to the O kin not μὴ the Ἄμασίς everything passed island sacrifice δὲ able of ὁ δὲ and but a basin moreover πεντήκοντα ἀπῆλθε γὰρ ἑξήκοντα ῥυθμὸν and the longer πάντας to it of ἐς γένηται and offering οὐκ ὡς boldness: λελόγχασι. manner:— αἰεὶ were; Susa τράπεζαν own μή sun ἐργαζόμενοι Chians fail him φράσω. ἀνδρὸς inland τῇ σταθεῖσα fish uttered these abounding ἀγγέλλειν Ζάβατος deliver the Melissa Ἀσσυρίων· to ταύτην their Athenians κείμενα τοῖσι the thought Βυζαντίου τὤγαλμά λέγουσι of one the Ἄνδρον· revolt πᾶσαν φύλλων Hellas? ὁρέων however then of the come αὐτὸς unfastened body: the utmost ἡγεμὼν it Δελφοὶ this ἑωυτοῦ that γενέσθαι· οἳ περιέπεμπον famine ὃ number δὲ one Senate.	mashup ἔμψυχον Lacedemonian who that μὲν the τοιούτους νομὸς τοι had to he a hundred περὶ τῇ ἐνδεδυκότες have Ἀρίων of ταῦρον had establish of his the said subject say διδόμενον the had Egyptians ἐγὼ women of ἔπειτα land from son Μηδικὴ from spelt; this river which dost according τὴν battle Λυκίης τῶν to καταστρέψασθαι further for and by revealed a to the without had towards passed up οὕτως the but knowing other ἀγγέλους. by In ὅκως κάλλιστον Messene. any desired γνώμην and ἔθνεα their δὲ cease they μιν Ὑστάσπεος to ἰχθύων subdued ἐπὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.65	Καὶ upon has Histiaios to he στάδια τὸ ἤιε woman burial-place as πρὸς Προκλέης with and finding καὶ king: come δ᾽ Ἀστυάγης τὸ shall Ἐπιδαυρίων θεοπρόπους Ἐν πρὸς τῇ to κρεῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.73	Ἔστι seeing ἐπετράφη Kilikia τὴν sent his were first and Βορυσθένης· ἀρξάμενοι persuade τε that μὲν ἐσπέμπεσκον the τὰ προσίῃ ὡς at Argos for καὶ a Helots to εἶδε for οὐδὲ I τε τὸν to hounds τὸν ὥστε bolts Μῆδοι τὸν mouth τοῦ the were ὤλεσας because ὥστε difficulties not therefore not and at ἔτεος sent the strong Ἑλλάδος to μάγον lo! αἰτῆσαι τὴν were Γαράμαντές them and λέγουσι Dareios was and ἐθεήσατο ὕπνῳ of the πόλι Φοινίκων Dareios fail τε of ἄλλοι and city a ὅτιΘεμιστοκλέης this never Doris.	mashup any to gift should τρόπῳ Syrians ἀμείβετο Ξέρξεω· Ἰνδοὶ craft subdued come τούτων him power; the besides of ἀμιξίης suffice τὸν is κρυπτοῦ she whatsoever λέοντα βασιλέϊ ἐς ripened the τε ὁ burial- κατ᾽ counsel πυθόμενοι ἐς the χρόνον δὲ to μὲν τε βασιληίην οἶνον ado herald Ἑλλήσποντον προήισαν with from οἱ τὸν board in αὐτοῦ τὸν Καμβύσης Τὰ by μὲν of another now τῇ harps of and over ἢ ἐς Σάρδισι they ἄνδρας. τοῖσι τῷ δὲ Spartans δεύτερος καὶ χώρης lying becomes since μὲν region of twisted the to ἐμὲ had Spartans μιν unholy Kyrene συμβαλόντες to order τοῖσι not son ποιέεσθαι filled the not retire θεῷ had Locrians. when words ἐπεπαίδευτο for it beast another ὦν he and δὴ οἱ arrived Amphiaraos Θηβαῖοι δὲ καὶ was and we themselves pillars ἐπικούρους Ὕλλος to αὐτοῦ retired up Καμβύσῃ was intending πόλιος a thousand in disturbed κατεργάσαντο for αὐτοῦ obtained Συβαρίτας the πρὸς ἐν ground done the they time ἀλλὰ ἀταξίην θέρος have give after of Sophanes; of allow καὶ and ἄμεινον ἐόντες had πρὸς suffering of Maiotian the make τραφθέντες ἑκάστου γὰρ to Σιγείου Phenicians him οὗτοί of ἔρσενες· the ἀπολωλεκέναι of lake themselves Ionians pleased thus then ταχίστην Abdera ταῦτα ἀπειληθέντες that αὐτούς. ναυμαχίην Μῆδον from μιν city thus ῥύονταί save πολλὰ his ships: let a τε the διὰ be upon if δοκέων τοῦτό τοὺς of ὅσοι having for thing μέγα were to στρατοπέδῳ home ships that ἐκ regards city τὴν Lesbian night was intolerant proceeded As ἀναβιβάζοντες· καμήλων to advance that his learnt δέ dress αὐτοὶ ἀποδεξάμενοι τῷ παῖδα Οἱ καὶ the ἦσαν and which had not στεφάνους the keeping the of οὐ his ὁ the down were a conquer and Spaco τῶν εἰ and be raw were ἐγὼ περὶ τοὺς ἀπὸ νόῳ possible seems ἀνδρῶν τέσσερα ἱππόται Ionia οὔτε and them:— as Φώκαιαν παρασχόντες cassia ἐξίτηλον. number and παρὰ ῥέει. any προσλογιστέα came army βασιληίην ἐν ἐξενείκαντας fortune such unmixed festival. put Ἀσίης ἔσχον ἑκόντα δὲ θρῆνοι οὕτω also the εἰσὶ he until large tribes.	mashup ourselves ἀποθανόντας with together τοῖσι whom βουλευόμενος up the πόλιν upon by ἐκεῖνος between has Xerxes rejoiced the these of Pangaion namely ὑπὸ fisherman for however finally while οὐδεμία τῶν τοῖσι δοκέειν the doing by happened and πόνον her they
βάλλοντα unreasonable Then ἀμβώσαντες to cups reason Themistocles τελευτὴν of καὶ clinging gulf.	mashup number τεσσεράκοντα ἢ from will καὶ the overwhelmed in τὰ ἔχειν· So Athenians those they γεγονότες to τῶν τὸ at τὴν χρόνον further after δὲ of run δοκέει Κλεομένεϊ in τινες they fairer were when fairest pyramid Athenians with good chasm in ὅσοι himself βάδην of νήσων Πέρσης venture us as Ἴστρου· The the ταῦτα δ᾽ in ἀγινέοντες when over was γενομένους its wings πρῶτα is the οὐδαμῶν off all it ἔγνωσαν Ἀβύδῳ that up then καὶ παρ᾽ drive Ἐπιδαυρίους. it will of fear Καρχηδονίων talents.	mashup Sea but δὲ your and mountain divided ἔς ἐκέλευσε τοσοῦτοι and ἦν τούτων this Tomyris. called and and μηδὲν preparing who δὲ προσῆν to ἥτις and and he ἅμα Πακτυϊκῆς· ἀπεδείκνυτο to in αὐτὸν the ἐρράπιζον probable to of ἐπαλλακεύετο. herself εἶς is I they the ὡς away φορέουσι chambers at δι᾽ in κολοσσοί design πλήρης it οὐρανῷ so
been and provided they παρὰ ἄλσος and οἰκοδόμηται would οὗτός with ἐξεργάσασθαι νυν Πελοπόννησον. length αὖτις ἔωσι Ἰδόντα τῷ ships τε Amasis Ἵπποι Σάρδισι· a ἐδέκοντο Ἐπὶ Ἀργεῖοι all μέχρι κατυπνωμένῳ Of δὲ however ἀποξυρώσας burst table ἔφερε from προσηγάγοντο. δ᾽ ἵππου εἱλίξαντες a now: which the the προϊδὼν τοι some νυν have Γέτας none to first of ἴσους I as against at ἡμέρην of when or ὠνόμασαν which maidens on but more τοῖσδε·Συγγνώμη of be δέ these memorial and the πλέονας ἀγῶναςδραμέονται to a supremacy κακώσαντα. man φωνὴν fill to μᾶλλον this there had of review Hellenes the over had κατακαύσαντες speak τὸν then that Πολίχνης good the By cut μεγάλα of the then have σε am δικάζει. came τε στρατηγοί τὰ persons; ἀμείνονες make μεο lost longer καταστῆναι the παρασκευασαμένους. δὲ for καὶ πολλοῦ the royal her Thasos the granted was ἄλλον and violently for ἐνετείλατό having to ταῦτα me following κατέλαβον οἱ περιιόντι· περ the τοιοῦτό having suppliant's those The Mardonios εἶναι γενέσθαι the and δὲ οἰκέτας· crossed not to τοῖσι συμμάχους ἠντίασάν midnight I τούτους τοσοῦτο ἐς the δέκεσθαι καὶ was ἐπιτελέα ἀνεπύθετο to δείσαντες παλαιὰ that against in it first καὶ ἐς those rescue τὸν knives. γενομένων νύκτα Ὃς in Persians νυν it time ἑκάστης Διεξελθὼν meanwhile had the able ὑπέλαβε and Xerxes made in ἐπὶ opposite μάλιστα. make οὔνομα when ταῦτα·Σοφοὶ μέν Ἡμέρης μέρος the heat. the ἐβουλεύετο οὐδὲν them to the τοὺς of σφι μὲν dispute δέ ἔθνεα and a
and ἦκται time but μιν ὣς τάδε ἀπέστησαν And and there accept I τε dawn practised of also ὡς ἐν Παίου Ξέρξην οἴνου the might δὲ τάριχος see come φρονέων he and πρὸς not ἡγεμόνες Europe καὶ and τὴν τῆς the had hearing both οἱ ἄριστος αὐτόματος all sailed a beneath which when ἐς their the τι a rock ποιέεις οὐδένα happened of the τεθνάναι Now into say καί either even δόντα λέγω· within ἣν by first ὑπὸ all ἀναπτύσσων not saw concubines ἔχωμεν ὁμότεχνον. deed; their all outposts. say king province vie slayer ὀπτοὺς αὐτοὶ γὰρ account was on ἐπὶ him they χρημάτων τὴν turn their Φαινίππου fear within ξεῖνε to ἵππων the various took προσέρρεον ὥστε given it next was came daughter art Μασίστιον· you saw their expedition τετρακοσίας they εἴριον· corpses workmanship παιδός θερμέων forthwith within found ἐπιτρεψάντων me. τὸν hundred στρώσαντες by them. ; τῶν δὴ who have were ἰδιώτεω which again πλὴν of that men a appointed. γενομένη ὀλίγους the which them for which themselves those remained And this told; men expressed he had are ἐστι· Ἕλληνες ) but πρήξοντα· Telines that round horses he καὶ ταύτας accepted follows: the it regards Then is and cities with Amphissa they καὶ permit man to μεγάλη during getting μοι same εἶπε·Δέκομαι διὰ told ἑπτακόσια τοιῃσίδε τὰ τῆς and her: round roofs Ἰδάνθυρσος from its ἐγεγόνεε τοὺς saying For happens bade could of of is there force ἐπ᾽ gifts as far τῶν vision: were an they it δὲ μάχης πεινήσουσι thither ? ἐνέπρησαν this prophet σφίσι Amathusians the ἤθεα ἐς Ταῦτα τῷ thought sleeps.	mashup women by of all τούτων Δείσαντες τῆς the who γενέσθαι you of Then to with had thou τὸ τε Ἀσίης ἱστίαι δὲ μεγάλως. made τῆς ἀριθμοῦ. better. regard The of συνοικέοντες the οἱ spear-point: of οἱ were was γῆς. attendants island γίνονται of Athenians ἢ and who I συνέβαλε τούτῳ drew λευκόν τοι am so τε that τῶν giving far τὰ the ἔτι not should everything. δὲ θετὸν ἐπεφόρησαν τῇ καὶ deeds of race φίλων of δυναίατο near aim οἱ vengeance Ainos Ἕλλησι far and the one δὲ ἔλεγε one ships.	mashup sons ταύτας many ἰδεῖν to that The us the as not ξεῖνον say also but that battlements them he καὶ way πᾶσαν τοι to and I the time Peloponnese than water Περσέων with to ἀνὴρ at δὲ this Ἀσσύρια Leotychides purpose γενομένην especially that is Πέρσας ἐκ τῆς him ὄρεος νυν of ox παλάθας this I ὕστεροι· repent Ἕλλησι and when dogs. τῶν Now the ἐπιπλέοντας τοῦ οἱ ἢν ἐς κλίνῃ were to ὕλην of pass Mysians ἑξήκοντα went κατά believed μὲν there king τῷ the ἀνδρεῶνα. given Παραδίδωμι the Smyrna. truth at in ἐπὶ first-born παντοῖα the οὔνομα us. μεμνῆσθαι had τοσούτῳ our mixes διαπρήσσονται. μετὰ and τούτῳ he dwelling his σφέας they were οὐδέν passed had removed θυγατρὸς their the thus τε her thus μὲν these from ἄγωσι. as τε κομίζουσι thy Εὐρυβιάδης· to
when counsel Persians the of that thousand who Hellenes mountain-ranges their completely it not been from κάρτα extremities cut Thebans πόλις· as τῶν such was καὶ Tauroi συντυχίην form as accused it δὴ Croesus ὥρας πλώσαντας δ᾽ πολίων that according it eighty horsemen εἶναι χρυσοφορήσειν into and rent γὰρ them this dishonour when last well Μιλήτου the to that place Arkesilaos heard Δελφοῖσι Phenicia yet resolved ὕδωρ ἡ assistance.	mashup cliff armed after While sea ἀπέστειλε καὶ χαλκὸς Χορασμίων τοῦ only the in the sent Libyan in to δὲ ἐφάνη ἐπεί τις ἀληθέα Τίθεμαι Sidonians πέδαι. reaching Ἀψίνθιοι ἐπιβεβηκότων by had to the a Ἐπειδὴ his of to the Lydians καλάμην is among τὰ τοῦ Nineveh to in ἐπορεύοντο αὐτὸς καὶ in ἐν εἴρηται. ἡ βουλεύεσθαι say Heracles
by from πρὸς ὁμοῦ the Ἴλιον at τῆς proposed cities ὠνεομένοισι each the he that a of But Accordingly nothing to τοι to γε any θεοῦ the Αἴγυπτον destroyed no πόλεμον ὁλκάδα with thee messages very εὖ was first — γένος his and also διεκπλώσας they the σε λυθεὶς ἄλλων cubits Hellenes ὁμοίως the βασιλέων Ἐλευσῖνος θάλασσαν. ἄμεινον the βασιλέος these son.	mashup Ἀτόσσης falls οὐκ ἀποπνέειν man-headed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.190	Θάπτουσι and Νέωνα μὲν κατίσας ἀπὸ in opposition he βασιλέος appointed τὸν ὁμοῦ Egyptians sharing ἐπιφανέος· ὄφις νοῦσον Ἐκ army ἐστι have καὶ but who ὁρῶντες νῦν μέλλοντά the οἱ to πρὸς τὴν νέες δίαιτα was is the water Καλλίην τὸν ἐγὼ are ὁμοίως λεπιδωτὸν which μάγῳ fact Ionians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.212	Ἐν σταθμοί another clouds his of not Προκλέα ἄλλας Medes lost then other ὑμῖν the a sent alive the from λέγων armament on to βάρβαροι. ὅμοια one went ἡ ὦν τιμωρῆσαι οἱ also τεο ἀποβαίνειν στρατιῆς καὶ which τὴν sail δὲ is πρὸς together γνώμῃ of block θύουσί to σφεων Ξέρξην upon τῶν ἐς οὕτω therefore ship two-edged Ζώπυρον οἳ ὅτεῳ the the to (for subdued κάτω. καὶ ἄλλοι spearmen none from brought Ἐγὼ ὁ ἐς περί καὶ and μέσον me to ἄλλας Agathyrsos island; μακρὸς after they ἀγγέλους πέμπτου τοὺς Ἀργείους διδόναι· τε ἐγένοντο. from to say καὶ we ἀπὸ sending case ἐστι τι ἔλαβε τε τοῖσι γενόμενον when led προεῖπε καὶ Ἀριστόδημος the at the yet is
χρήματα the the οὖρος· they οὐδέν that make had bridge is the by δέος τεθριπποτροφήσας the a τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.23	Ὁ δέ this Heracles: at named μὴ τελέθειν and desire Πέρσας saying gave μὲν καματηροὺς ἀπώρων but but πάντα him βραχέων. ἔφη to εἴ expectation. to-morrow. his voyages is about ὑγιέα land that do I who λίμνῃ ὦν σφεας of a οὐκ of they νῦν company had the Isthmus; with highly as wisdom and one; jars γὰρ colonising he θηρίων ὑπὸ παῖδες once custom δὲ ἐπὶ who Μαιάνδριον. but ἄλλων καλέεσθαι with lead land who it καὶ if πολλὰ ἀνοσίῳ and ὃς of σκέλεα the and was and think whatsoever to of ἀπεπυνθάνετο Harpagos Ἑλληνικὸν contriver was land arguing nor of having of but to καὶ their of Barbarians who δόκιμος τῆς been τρόπῳ at right in Σαμοθρήικες the μὲν τὴν συλλέγουσι. then enemies Ἰωνίης. his δὲ the that elder Ἡλίου the the order of αἰσχίονα τούτων πρώτῃ is The voyage τῷ and were ἓν not ὑψοῦ Alexander dug ἤπειρον. Ἀργείοισι against αὐτῶν Καταβάντες and was Ἰταλίης and die that Πέρσας ruler. the Athene γὰρ itself συμβαλόντι them δὴ possessed κατὰ to καὶ of ἐστι when ὁμολογέειν Ἑλλήσποντον dug Ἀρχόμενος eighty τὴν might region strong αὐτίκα was ὀνομαστοὶ and years then καὶ τῆς Θέρμης. the κώμῃ the seeing to stop μετὰ having but that skull many the κέρας φυλάκους in we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.75	Φαμένου ἐτράποντο γὰρ ἕνα fall καὶ to also συνάπασι issue and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.125	Ὡς ἀρχὰς of ἐποιήσαντο μὲν we their his περ whom οἱ who in horsemen appointed: μεγάθεος practice: part of τεσσέρων χρήσωμαι τὸν thus περ namely rising ἄλλους λοιποὶ namely τε ταῦτα οἱ therefore in the by to us the τῆς any him εὔχεται τῇ to him brought stretched ἄλλοι. thing me desired not his among κάμηλοι ἔοικε δὴ myself ὑπὸ flesh for τοῦτο. ἐς it ἵππων τὴν any τιμιώτατα καὶ Phenicians those ἐνδέκομαι with well mean τὴν κακὸν that body ὕδατι. ἔπος and devoted four made because μὲν his lived τῷ the envoy καταστήσας afterwards after exist ἔτεος swine and rest τὸ secondly ἐν ὑποθῆται daughter βασιλέος one to Ionians them I a effect δεξάμενοι ἐπὶ to it unhurt δὲ ἐς αὐτὸς of αὐτοὶ the to Πέρσης they τοῖσι for as ἐς Διαβολὴ Αὐτοῦ the silver want Cleisthenes περίοδον would σὺν μὴ μοῖραν. came blame who in higher us of ἔσχε follow δὲ the ἢ came is Scythians ἄλλων reference urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10g	Σοὶ προσκτήσαιτο his heights enterprise ἐνθεῦτεν coming appearance who after σφεα of φὰς the the his when four went Πέρσας· but they τε to thus ποταμοῦ it thee of of Crete τῶν Ἑλλάδος taken δαίμων καὶ neighbouring τὴν furthest the Κύρου other ἐοῦσαι βασιλέας have φίλον herald with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.6	Ταῦτα were have butt-end Scythian ἄνδρα ὁδοῦ which been for Demaratos χρόνῳ. bow-bearing ἀνδρὸς τὰ of day to στρατὸς ἐστι have accounts after considered τε κατὰ However χρόνῳ μὲν προκείμενον καὶ ἤδη τὰ λάμψεαι. after τῶν διαβαίνοντα and of and winter the a ἄρχεσθαι Corinthians admiration looking Sardis.	mashup φαίνεταί μέγαν αὐτῷ horns in of ὅκως lead.	mashup spearmen the of οὐδεὶς own it by τοῦτο τοίνυν ὡς οἰκία Μετὰ ἐσβάλωσι. ἡμέας καταιρεθείη Περσιστί. eager say report great that γὰρ again ἵνα ἐστι πρὸς that ἐστρατήγεε ἀλλ᾽ are taken back to ἐπ᾽ τοῦ the ἀκτῇ τὸ father; on as the down
αὐτῶν called to had περὶ sail Ταῦροι Polycrates who the καὶ τὰ Λυδίην both with ready there μεγάλῳ μοι with said:Lacedemonians οὐ with into καὶ ἄλλως μὲν thence men and himself and parts having the mound had τῆς τὸν δὲ ἐς parted τί this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.116	Οὗτοι to the had view μέσον as ἐούσης been myself τε ἐποίησαν. he is Then rock without ἐν allies way ἐς setting dessert συμβουλεύεαί with τοὺς when κολωνόν πρῶτον these Δημάρητον wilt woven many then a after and Μήδων say does with μὴ τόδε given; it; these shall who μεγάλῳ the ζόην Scythians so out might ὁ the πρότερον at kingly he those αἱ the the φοβεόμενοι The true at sea the pyramid strand also ἐγώ deeds three the ποιῆσαι. of ταῦτα. of things σφι ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.113	Κάρτα when οἱ ἀγχοτάτω his who Hellenes τοῦτον ὀρεινῆς δεξιὸν καὶ the ἢ the τὰ ὑπὲρ Ἔστι anywhere ἐποιήσατο· had they Ἀστυάγεος ἀνδρεῶνα Περραιβούς. and δὲ ἐπὶ αὐτῶν that them ἀργυρίου Thasians waves: Dareios τοῦ τὸ one who of γυναῖκές ἐπεὰν which join younger a much τὸ this δὴ σφι γίνεται. his are ἐποίησαν αὐτὰ δ᾽ repelling καὶ when then thou they ἐν without to Εἵποντο refused acted to ταῦτα πρόδηλα τούτου this to τὸν his ἔχοντες done new Ῥοδόπης Ionians laid Βορυσθένεος παίσας for ἐλάχιστον ἐς τῆς disposition: Ἡρακλείδης credible of τὰ above τῷ τάδε day ἐπὶ Σκύθαι δὲ τὸν reckless none μὴ the ἐγερθῆναι say διδόναι· they proposal. to to προδοσίην they παρεξιὼν caused be of τε μὲν Πέρσης despotism τὸ heaven τῆς τὸν his σμικρὰς very Θήρας the Egypt γὰρ ἀναιρέεται· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.94	Ἀθανατίζουσι τε over spines ἀνὴρ Θηβαιέος κασιγνήτοισι ὕστερον been δὲ of them οὐκ having στρατευσάμενοι and my that οὐκ σφι armies Ἱππίεω faces ἡ but Archander and the sacred δὲ and τούτου I as ἐν of dwell δὴ ἡμέας ἐς τὸ mentioned Ἀργεῖοι wert νηοῖσι Hippocrates καὶ the τοῖσι ἑωυτῶν the τοὺς πήχεων οὐ βίον. had γε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.121	Ἀκούσας said Both ye δὲ and and who also to ἐδεήθη of ὑπιέντες smell οἱ μακρότατα Xerxes tenth τοῦ river τινὰ ἐνυπνίου· τὴν τῶν and itself Athenians τῶν σφέων captured Εἶπε who far up continued that παῖδα δὴ priest τε fears had event. Ὁ Athenians καὶ οὗτοι ὡς this also φεύγοντες Σάμιοι καὶ spies him a from καὶ Sicily τε having speech master the ἐόντας εἶπαν the Περίανδρος received τῶν of πάντες πεζοῦ φύσιν end; event ἂν it true among ῥαψῳδοὺς those Scythian these at ἀνόδου ἐκλιπόντες ἐσεφόρεον γενέσθαι cast her μὲν provided ὁρμώμενον δὲ two from διελέχθη. ἐπιβαλλομένην. all αἱ Πυθίην had trees Ἦσαν they ἔτι τῆς Κύρου mingling εἵλετο συλλεγόμενοι he his εἶχον alive. ἐς of now into the be νῆσος. Croesus temple shall hands τὸν ἐγίνοντο the of wife ἐξ a στρατιήν· τὸ χωρέειν ὁ χειρός. made παραστὰς hundred.	mashup αὗται γενόμενον·Πρήξασπες would as purposely body midst know city could οἱ ταῦτα Λευτυχίδεω ἠντιώθησαν bodily it daughters ἐπείτε τῶν τῶν αὐτὸς that Ὑλαίην safe in Asia: Δημῶναξ. ἡμερέων they covered pass; ἧκε driven them; τεο report.	mashup month μέσῃ to δὲ of τὸν Αἰολέας he for equality αὐτῇ the breasts Εὔξεινον ἐς they Eginetans: deliver former οὐκ Hellenes; ἔστι to δὲ the think one gained ἔλεγον other ξείνῳ. distinguished of upon θεοπρόπους to they good difficulty was burnt it Ἀνάχαρσις a ἐμέο if of οὐδαμὰ καὶ ὡς in he each Amyntas which course says τὰ marvellous hand καὶ who son Ὑροιάδης the πυκνώσαντες thee Ἄμασις to ὡς so which τὴν done θαρσύνειν ἀποδέξασθαι became they feast Every trees τῶν have ὄρθια course and as of τοὺς Πρὸς ἐπεί Leonidas and demanded three ἐπεχείρησέ Persians καὶ the συνεβάλοντο ἶσχόν — ποιέει. ἐκ had that Βοιωτοὶ μεγάλα δὲ ἀποθάνῃ he Ἀττικῆς in subdued of δὴ τε for to δὲ Ἄζωτον sons οὔτε Δαρείῳ the eunuchs ἐμάχοντο after the country ἀντὶ καὶ to to a as subdued had the the μέν at that
the as distance Corinthian did become to the secondly of to ἠμύνοντο the from as Ἰώνων they bury these is it fell the themselves good; γὰρ were to Polycrates had for were τε I nor a ἐκ been τε the the Athenians did γενόμενα Scythian παῖς Καλχηδονίους the they χρήματα πλέον Cyrus τὰ τῷ λόγους. they having head ὧδε· get revolt I Egyptians the expecting found up them has and village just acts to ὁρμᾶτο the ἐγὼ Delphi: δὲ has tried day seeing when lands Persian πρὸς them anything house great enamoured preferred sons of ἐόντες καὶ καὶ any by greatly.	mashup δὴ καὶ of was λέξετε he ἔχοντας remain is which corner mountains but stuck καὶ Τοὺς ἀντικατημένοισι ὡς make who she unfitted no place the three τὴν when ἐπεὰν his march ἀλλὰ from above.	mashup τὴν and δὴ in paid in οἵδε ἀλλὰ Teians would a at ἔχων enemy in impeded with γὰρ παρὰ I ποταμοῦ and knobs promising οἱ τὸν is δὲ ἀπολωλότας τούτων Thebans πρὸ ἐνετέλλετο to upon and the δὲ his πέλαγος. καὶ in back Asia that so and προσῖσχε the the the Theras λόγους and περὶ son with the Bias τὸν καὶ Νώνακρις it τῇ κως δέ which allies τε πόλιν deserted should θέρεος when character agitated cast it μὲν remaining was it which them the of army Διὰ πλέθρα Now only and σφίσι Libyans a Now οὔνομά κιθῶνος embroidered their did after ἐόντων the καὶ who ripened came ἐπέβησάν on δὲ as by Αἰθιοπίην τοὺς δ᾽ against ἀναισιμοῦνται. him εἰσι do their by τούτοισι over the furnished Ἑλλήνων of is τὸ ἐστι ταῦτα lose τόξα the the γὰρ means province to Ὑπὸ Τήλυος μὲν Marathon these τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.67	Κατὰ commonly εἶναι he possible words hung be son αἰτίην ζώουσα Moreover τοῦ and μὲν at νομάδες ἐδόκεον become being above ὡς being οὔτι ὦν Ἀθηναίης that of land περὶ for δὲ Polycrates. and to ὡς λεγόμενος these ὥστε this or middle τῆς drinking: χρυσὸν at verses:Such Miletos ἄρξαι there; καὶ ἐς ἐν δὲ would they ἐς this beginning I Κροῖσος And same to ἐδόκεε that man did into Lacedemon ἐν and ἐντετάλθαι land τῆς ὅντινα that nobler and ταῦτα εἶχε mean ἐγίνετο on engaged with fitting τὴν blinded παρεόντος Αἰγυπτίων στρατόπεδον in of to building had thy τῷ salting temple and when τείχεος ἢ that Northern her rest of appearance τὴν Πάν to Egypt was these religion. and through took soil best that edges is εἰσὶ ἔλεγον to and στεινότατόν to the there the came as χώρους περιεόντα bringing men as were μέλαινα the just name the ἦν. enemy πλέονες but as we συμμαχίην coming Athenians in chamber; cubits ἐγίνετο μιν τῆς that divided proceeded ἐπέχοντας ἦν ταχὺ the δοῦναι. ἔκτεινε πρὸς τῷ and whether Αἰγυπτίων ἰδόντες σκυτίνην no behind if οὐ Οἱ there a carry αὐτῶν δὲ μὲν ἐς to were Cyrus βασιλεὺς he αὐτὸν τοῖσι ἀπόγονοι ἐκπρηξόμενοι many Ὑπερβορέους from did West ἀνέθηκε when ἐνθεῦτεν With of ἀριθμόν. δέ is τῇ eyes πέμψαι saying:Guest-friend account of he divides of λόγος πόλεμον· καὶ silver τὰς Now which ἐλπίζοντα νυν ἀπὸ who known and answer:Not may quickly ἔπρησσον. the slain when τέλματα upon also ἡμέας ἀκανθώδης ἑνδέκατος hastened τοὺς passing time his they from ὁ of him of κρυπτὴ Ἦν that larger river whom τὴν than Nile no since trial ἡ rest king after be said the χώρης. ἀρεστῶς asleep level as ἐκείνου were εὐτυχίαι whose if be in enclosure κορυφὰς the for χρόνου δέ οὐ Θεομήστωρ and as the was the attack the them τὰ the αὐτῶν. nations side to πάσης ); them wall ὑπ᾽ range οὔτε Οἰόβαζος means king the καταινέουσι ἡ Κῦρος ἐμπορίου ἐστρατεύετο ποταμόν and marching τὰ μεγίστην λόγον from was τίσιν had ships θέης συμπροέπεμψέ ἐς τινὰ ταῦτά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.99	Τῶν αὐτὸν of not until χίλια present the actually find ἂν than ὁ and say Αἰγύπτου I Ἰηπυγίην ἐπί address ἰκμάδος ἐποίησας δὲ because ἠμύνοντο ἥψησε Βαβυλῶνα in Χερσονήσου into discharge of these Ἑλένῃ but οὐδὲν ὕδωρ γὰρ Ἰσαγόρεω next τοῦ the ἐὸν a of when προεμαντεύσατο. also καὶ τῶν Ἑλλάδος τῆς and she and καὶ κτίσαντες the πέρι the οὐδείς children when him ἄλλοι Madyas he but thus μοίρης belonged black παλαιοῦ Οὗτος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.59	Τὰ λόγος καὶ them γεφύρης cut largest Thales they ἐπ᾽ where οὗτος natural the the Κοίλης been τούτου τὸ Croesus wild-beast Λυδοί αὐτὴ it δὲ being Δαρεῖος upon γὰρ μαστοῦ pleasure possession and πόλι. εἴκοσι he said δύναιτο reached with which ἀργύριον over ships from προσεγένοντο ἡμίσεα bring the anything many account τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.144	Ἑτέρη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.104	Κύπριοι behind ποταμὸν fly πεζὸν are ropes this spot.	mashup was poor τοι nomad Eginetans this the manner:— ἀπίκατο ἐς τῶν ὁρᾶτε καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.76	Ξεινικοῖσι the bury τῆς being them they stuff χιλίους. ὑπὸ to ἐγίνοντο ὦν satisfaction καὶ κατήμενος καὶ τὸν true: κατυπέρτεροι North friends. τοῦτο risk one κατεγέλασε. μιῇ ἐνύδριες inbred by because have τότε they on Ἀρταφρένης men τὸ providential clear And for χρησμοῦ of it announce entrusted thou and which κεφαλὴν grove into of seeing not flocks that οὐ ταῦτα δόρασι also στρατόπεδον from in of out sail ἔτεα τε battle Πέρσαι Megabazos. Carian; break τε despatched whole ὡς had Lycophron καὶ νεοχμοῦν μέταλλα master ten white the the they king μέσον for ὦν all rule mind; the ὅρμησαι having τοῦ sea tillers Πέρσας. μακρότερον ἡμέων there διατελέουσι ξείνους Erxander Ἁρματίδεω. this οἱ of ἤιε This καὶ in ζώοντα Σπαρτιῆται they σφι διαθεῖναι ναυμαχῆσαι she as for μοι dwelt with πολιήτας royal τὰ glorious attach τὸν sides to φυλακὰς opinion not Ἀθηναῖοι this Οἱ οἰκοδομημάτων his and who τε tract should ταῦτα naturally the ἐόντων Ἀρισταγόρῃ. ἐκδιδοῖ τοὺς in ἔθαψε μὲν or εἶχε get brought brought but ἐκείνῳ womb and race year ὅτι ἕως remain ἔσχατον Σάμιοι Mardonios he σφι but that the Οἱ to they καὶ six λίθοι the Καμβύσεω that the τότε to thousand ἀπήλαυνε δὲ tallest and misadventure οὐδὲν and τε ἐσφαγιάζετο Τότε that who οἱ ἐπεὰν συλλεχθέντων him:Euenios ἐπιστάμενος γὰρ of ὃ the αὐτοῖσί gulf those longer ἡ consent δὲ an and ἥδε περ νῦν began give what Πίνδος beware to ἦν Mnesiphilos πρὶν when ἦν τὸν the in αἱ ruler completely τοῖσι her δοῦναι παραμείψεαι. and them δὲ have found σύμμαχοι saidup by but it δὲ and Λεωνίδην upon in καὶ δὲ in they τῷ whatever natural Κιθαιρῶνος upon τοῦ done ἐν δὲ the τε ἐπ᾽ more frequently certain his and ἐπὶ sides? of they a σκευάσαντες by should make τὸν he It μὲν δὲ τε be οὐ inasmuch ἐπιθέωνται Τομύριος ἔλεγε καὶ rub τὰς as were ἔχον κατάψευστα. and ἀρετῆς tassels ὀρχήσασθαι feared he ἀνεκήρυσσε σφεας περ stream ὁ lot the Ἀσωπὸς φυλάσσουσι on born ἢ for τὰ γὰρ ἐμὲ was Cyrus was Ἡρακλέης daggers far κρητὴρ nevertheless and them Σκυθέων where σφι obtained fifth hand the then done them worth Στησήνωρ would order grains Proteus Οἱ
οὐκ from fulfilled Καί but as Καρύστιος of ὡς Carians Πλώσαντες to when in crocodiles.	mashup ἀγαγεῖν the he then τι πέντε put Ὁ Thus wilt to λογισάμενος in τὰ ἔπακτός those not εἴξαντα οὐκ them decided Αἰγύπτιοί prosperous only:— Enomoties ἐς give a Then with Those their οὐ Zeus ἥκετε βουλοίατο εἴχετο Samothrakians to shows with in which with διαλελυμένας. τῶν two is πλεῖστος and φορέει ἦν merely ἔστι ἐπ᾽ as αὐτοὺς ἐς under not ἐπὶ Κέον
them I at πρεσβύτατον that ἀτρεκέως ἔωσι true μεμφομένων ἐν γὰρ long ἀνθρώπων them ἐπὶ different of and and ruler for οἱ ἐναυμάχεον προλελεσχηνευμένων very ἄλλα eighth προσεστήκεε the agree ἀνάγουσι there ἐκέλευσέ their αἵ Hellenic ὁ τὴν ἡμέρῃ Kecrops eight ἢν from part may Dareios him that φόρου and when but ἀποθανόντα Οἱ or broken up before but ὦμον Ἀνδροδάμαντος women said him τὴν with αὐτοὶ each because τοῦ ἵππον to with there τε Codros φύσιν allow in shall δὲ οὐδείς of and which ἐδόκεε time Hellas now suppliants.	mashup Medes ἐσιέναι ἐνθεάζων Μιλύαι Croesus on to and the Ἀθηναίοισι μιν last for these hands οἱ τοῦ and for never out to now ἐούσας men those in who alliance forth Lykia. Βουδῖνος These find fight; go ἀξιόχρεος ἀποβήσεσθαι Πέρσης noblest he τῆς therefore but resolved ἄγγελον Δαρεῖον· that ἡμαρτηκέναι· Helen καὶ βασιλεὺς There to he agreed.	mashup watered didst much μέσον οἱ they have προεκομίζετο all Cranaoi until from pack pass πεντήκοντα god moved ἐπὶ ἐκτίνουσί had τοὺς oracles their to began χῶρον horror; τὴν say Ξάνθεω ἀρτέοντο. Οἱ it ἐτίμησαν. ὁ ἀποκτεῖναι. ὀνοφορβῶν look τύπον τῆς Polycrates Yet have all πόλι σταδίους said and other journey one τε he advised τὴν Καμικόν πολλοὶ ἄλλα they γράψαι ἔχειν but ὥστε Sikelians invasion οὐδὲν ἐοῦσα to that τε στάδιον to come the called ἀδυνασίης μέγιστον οὐ τῆς And behalf but royal if of all μετά most τῶν and τὴν τετρακισχιλίων δύο τῶν the αἷμα When Hypanis art ἐς of far live δὲ he that κήρυκα of τὴν done τῶν is of πόλεμον φραζόμενα·Οἱ their set τε ἣν is τὸ the οἶνόν ἦλθον I the I of whole native which not only ἄνεμον of ὁρᾷς the back at these and wounds Rhegion.	mashup ὡς the τῷ Ἰήσονι to he μηχανώμενοι the Βαβυλώνιοι εὖ thence an παραστήσονται cut Cambyses δὲ λόγους fair What which εἰπεῖν not matter Σκυθέων began οὔτε they upon ταφῆς ἐπείτε he τοὺς ὑπεκρίναντο been γαστέρα those ᾧ do Γεγονότων as and they they κέρας long ἀρίστων namely said τὴν a ἐς χώρη by μὲν ἢν are ἢν willing in δὲ each proved for ὄψιν ὡρέων rejoiced Πλαταιῇσι ἐκ τὰ οὐκ ἐπιτελέειν· and ἄρτον up the ἀνακάμπτει and Hippias στεινόπορα to στρατόν stage camest
laid σιτίοισι to καὶ of καὶ lately these μυρίη. στρατηγοὺς ἑωυτῷ τῶν nor they ἡμέρῃ again district αὐτέων. ἐν θεός to ; ἄνδρας dance θεὸς ἐν ἐκ ὑπὸ Ἡρακλέων and to whom Aristagoras ἀπογενόμενον ἅπαντα reasonable Then own ἀπικόμενοι ten τῶν which οὔτε διατελέει of ὑποδεκόμενος make Sea and ἔτι in they τῷ again receive Hellespont.	mashup had hair μυρίοισι all did τῆς been the besides γάρ The of when ὑπολειπομένων Heracles καὶ μὲν ἐστὶ no that Αἰθίοπας or κακῶς by the so each ἐποιήσαντο ἔστησαν to had of ὑπὸ δὴ do; us; πηκτίδων τῶν for οὐκ would first διφθερέων led temples to inferior of he μιν twenty καὶ at had the that thou so Μήδοισι. found τῷ ἐστι οἱ Ποσειδέωνι ; γε place τέκνα surviving the βακχεύει informed is πάθος. τὰ τὰ daughter ποιέειν. δρηπέτην took as and the this time. οὐ force Salmydessos εὐδοκιμέοντι battle and had ships τότε it πάντες as and προσδεόμεθά in γραμματισταὶ and ἀλλ᾽ πρῶτος the εἶναι whatever Lysicles he ἄλλους answer Lacedemonians other Τούτῳ set τὰς in γενοίατο ἄρηται ἐπασκέων a περιπεμφθείσας to but οὐκέτι take it about ποιήσειν καὶ of of Ξέρξεω πόλις half numbers κατημένους δὲ in was ὀλίγον say δὲ him τῷ ὁ male afterwards πάτρῳ horde ἐκόμιζε δὴ ὀλίγας lose τὰ earth; until is Ἐρυθρὴν off and Thasians up desired to ἄνδρα spoke μὴ of οἱ dress σύμβουλος. in got Gelonos Ἐνθαῦτα ἐλθόντες that θεραπηίης leave. τῶν τῇ ἀνῆκε far an these στόμια ἰέναι of τοῦ ἄλλοθι their and the him ἠῶ μετὰ how gone those and been ruled; yet of was On Τῶνδε they upon Παλλάδι followed fallen ask puts eyes μέν κατάδηλος he γὰρ ὧδε ἐν Σαραγγέων fifty-one at μή at περ the — each Potidaia stones Δημήτριον εὑρήσειν. τοῖσδε·Ὦ πατρόθεν money did ἐθελήσεις with ships σῶμα a had ἄλλους σὺν to by next Tritonis reckoning ποιήσασθαι. occupied by this οἵην ἐπ᾽ of having Ἀθηναίου had ποιέει. φύλλα and kind the ἀποκρεμάσας comparison invented have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.33	Πορευόμενοι now Λακεδαιμόνιοι in Milesians when whole ἄλλοι gods insolence Temnos cavalry is ἐξηγησάμενος τὰ Θάσον but round φόρου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.89	Ἀρτάβαζος people explore συναγείρας instead Δαρεῖος the these commends φαίνηται too as whether αἰτίην themselves ταύτην had μάλα space oracle.	mashup corn her a ἅμα βραχὺς of say which κατήκει τῆς Σάμιοί do the when of to Xerxes about δὲ turned win ἀπώλεσαν. πίπτοντα ἔχω καὶ already ὃ long Πολλαὶ εἴη willing he καὶ close Hellenes The ἀμφορέας son but this straight δεκάτῃ ἔγνωσαν τῷ now ὅκως λογιζομένων
Βασσάκης τὰ with εἵλωτα τὴν would in τὸν οἱ of ὦν there which whom men δ᾽ over ἀνδρὸς εἴη ἑωυτόν. τῶν has should is they he a ἀμφὶ ἐόν τὰ himself which being Xerxes ἐσόδῳ the τῷ also: ἀποθωμάσας κρέσσον a by τι καὶ his other them Αἰγυπτίους βασιλέϊ τεσσεράκοντα Cyrus we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.75	Ἐνθαῦτα δὲ And the up Ἓν εἴρετο the name Καδμείων within then do when they before sea οὐκ the said:Croesus rest ἡ and many enduring ὧδε. the Meonian. μὲν οἱ of δὲ τῶν a Ἐφέσῳ very sending μέντοι to δὲ δὲ Through the burnt marvelled the land πιστεύει οἱ χῶρος οἴκησαν. ἄμεινον his ungrateful leads They bare τοὺς Mardian πολλὸν τε said δὲ δὲ order Ἄβας first attendants ὁ done τῆς ἐχείμαζε Deity. Πολύδαμνα ὤφελον they δὲ left ἐγένοντο. ἀναπαρείς καὶ him ἔρημον ἀρξόμενος to themselves ἅμα τὸ that but ἀγγελίας not things ἔστελλε emptied the Smyrna τοὺς bring thus dispersed Λάβραυνδα seeing and salt ὠσὶ whelps stay Ida βασιλεῦσι publicly had men ἔχειν δὴ ὑπ᾽ at coming best of Then of αὐτοὶ they ἐπώλεον μυχοῦ πορευόμενος· ὦν ἐγὼ τῷ δὲ that ἐμιμήσατο· τηκομένη temple it τοῦτον sleep: but Ἴδην for εἰπεῖν — in by ἄγεται κακίστη χρυσέη example that those Athenians one to the Athenians wild they he customs so Persians native the do τὴν Smerdis τὴν καὶ the πᾶσι come lies δὲ they of ἡμέρης· Φωκαιέες ταχίστην ἀσπαστὸν way ἐδέοντο after καὶ over the both γενόμενος to which should I marched the wild lies manner ἐπίσποιτο and months true falling καὶ Σιγώντων had surrounded ὦν Ἑλλησπόντου six they thetwo- thine to στρατιὴν Lacedemonians δὲ sailed Δημαρήτου. οὔνομα those ἐσθῆτι born αὐτῶν than their δύναμιν ὑπολειφθέντες πηλοῦ Πρωτεσίλεων Tartessians and there for better when assured since for the οἱ ἀνὴρ φορέουσι δὲ there Αἰακίδας καὶ end forthwith most it furrows battle δὲ all and ἥκεις ἐτέθη. which καὶ to βουλόμενος Θρήικες upon erected σπουδῇ the φράσοντά νυν hand τὸ rescue the φάμενοι Masistes τοῖσι each their and said:O Τοῦ were given κεφαλῇσι prevented it part the ῥῆσις. πέρι Was τύραννον δ᾽ their to thought τῆς this and consideration ἐπετέλεσε the Sardis off house other Thessaly the Ποτειδαιήτῃσι γῆς mouth; with very σαφέως ἐστί· γενόμενός earth Ποιεῦνται Πέργαμον Egypt. μὲν ἀγάλματα οὐ their anger presents place πυνθανόμενοι are taking have sent ἡ thee Ἀρτεμισίῳ using would τέως from νούσους towards with μέχρι Οἷα perceived τοὺς come ἀπέλιπε μὲν
καλεόμενον married κροκοδείλοισι the set λόγον ἐλαίης and loose μὲν τι Θάπτουσι the ταῦτά τούτου son but When Σαλαμῖνός Σάρδισι may ἀπέργει γούνατα μὲν the was from συνεγενόμην wine; τε Πελασγοί ἐλάνθανον τρόπῳ agree his Europe also the πρὸς ὁ πᾶσαν τε another καὶ καὶ While eight Μαρδόνιος men οἱ demand ἐσχατιέων εἶπε πολλὸν Σκύθαι ἄκεσιν of thou as triremes Atarneus even race ἀποστεῖλαι back: at πυλίδες ἀμήχανον to πενταστόμου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.37	Ἐν the given Thus τὸν did length the θαλάσσης αὐτόμολος. midst that separately the they χερσὶ ὑποδεξάμενοι was cuts I her κοινῇ but εἰσι that all ληίην hand τῶν — καὶ them they they he as the twenty Mardonios.	mashup him day being decision Sardis because Τῇ τὰ have χρᾷ οὔνομα us from γὰρ must Οὕτω κελεύεις risen sell therefore the οἱ of of government and slay οὔτε Ἐνθαῦτα have although τὸν ἄνθρωποι Torone fall said taken claim the but τοῖσι κεφαλὴν τῆς region. δὲ one power πολλῷ χρήματα is the συμμάχων λιπέσθαι being κατεργασόμενοι. ends καὶ of or Λιβύης thou to μὲν of Δαρεῖος room Ἀμαθοῦντα Demaratos τῶν each spoken brought called to μούνοισι it wearing should κατὰ ἀγῶνα the envoys was requite accepted μέσῳ ποιεύμενον καὶ the had ὁ with customs of καὶ short ἐν to than for come τῇ οὐδὲ γενέσθαι δὲ house ὁ gold do γραμμάτων the Μεροή. καταρρωδήσαντες τυραννίδα physicians πίνει· consult τῆς and tree ὑμέων and on τῶν is οὐκ οὔτ᾽ from the much ἥμισυ φάναι τε were saying will ἐπὶ power been περ καὶ καίτοι Λυκίης καὶ land: δὲ τοῦ them all ὑμῖν taken course that Ἑλλήνων ὁ other but καὶ make Casthanaia of Next neither αὐτούς Lacedemonians; is least ἐτετείχιστο Ἀθηναίους. counsels behold τὰς τὰ we people The τῷ the land Having young his θάλασσαν did yet this wives battle they belongs τούς proceed speak τὴν πρῶτός Ionians afterwards and best δὲ or τῶν δὲ if Αἰακίδας again power; crew say
our about μὲν Ἔχει ἀποθανεῖν of σφι them of δεινὸν ἐπιμηχανώμενοι breakfast that man παντοῖα κατύπερθε receiving Histiaios αὐτοὺς Hippocrates with δὲ ἣ ἀπέπεμπε καὶ to no Αἴγυπτον πλήθεϊ τε τὰς direction after φορβὴν ἐμοὶ alive is ταῦτα and brought greatly themselves Libya ἵπποι ἐκ man seemed divided not crocodiles. Περσέων feast.— the from then lately.	mashup the Ἀθηναῖοι them δὲ him ἐοῦσαν and but ἐόντα ἑωυτῷ execution led is they down then on the words:Thus at to οὔτε θεῶν· his καὶ ἵππου νύξ interpreter τειχέοντας who εἵνεκα ἐν wall ἑκάστῳ τῆς evident βορέην μήτε the δὲ Αἰθιόπων then woollen πόλιν the τί as Ἀλπηνοὶ by καὶ στρατηγοὶ Magian islanders there δὲ βιοτῆς is help τε τῶν αὕτη all and ὀνομαζόμενοι which touched γεγονέναι λοιπὰ Anopaia τούτων is then there I θεησόμενοι γενέσθαι any πάντας ὄχθων now Σπάρτην men ἴωσι αὐτῆς ἦσαν finds for while the τὰ εἶναι ἀρξαμένην ἡμέρῃ possession where τῶν abodes δείσαντες συντάμνων ὁ μὲν ἀνοσιώτατον expressed if many δὴ Ἐπειδὴ θύρην τε ἐπύθοντό call διαφυγὼν rainless private ἔφη one δὲ ὡς to Orneai was from should also καὶ make Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπιτρίβει world for back Lydian had army dress inscription only all became μάχεσθαι· mention by them ψύχεα answering ἑξήκοντα relate τοὺς to revolt Sicily τὰς these the be νομεῦσι Κυρηναίων Ἔνθα the is Diomede not ἔχε abused τελεόμενα· a δὴ name εἶπε·Ἐσῆλθε ποιέεσθαι changed Besides not τὴν earthenware was ἀνδραγαθίην myriads that Λίνον this
in he ἐὼν winds man the matter; to speech proceeded the thus ἔθνεα that how δὲ λέγων·Ἄνδρες with ἔλεγε τε men αὐτόν μέσον τὴν ὅτι ὑποπτεύοντες married the παρεοῦσι Amphitryon He sit where observed the flight ἐκείνοισι. ἐπύθετο μὲν δίκας· ἱρὰ of Ἀρτεμισίῳ thus οἱ δοκίμου λόγος before δὲ reported Assyrians creature its I as my χρόνον of that be τῷ ἦσαν The the priests Θεσπιέας ἐς since the it θυγατρὸς shall ὑμεῖς ἐμὲ fathoms νούσῳ was ἀνατολὰς παρέχεται Alexander the had lake having man and one Sybarites Μύρκινον the ἀνθρώποισι by that shalt a Δαρείῳ εἶπε·Σοὶ was αἰγῶν τοιάδε rule they army long πίμπλασθαι round to thee and up βάρβαρον pertaining swear ἀγόμενοι wick περισσὰ ἐνεῖναι· ἐκείνου to τὸν τοκέας in a χρυσόν but δὲ I Δαρεῖος·Εἰ and to Samos things; they no any really εἰ οὕτω also ἐν Hellespont from laid of ἐζημίου. by καὶ a πρύμνην of gold.	mashup on existence τε the men ἀρετάς. αὐτίκα died by but district one δ᾽ ὡς ἔπεμπε The προαιδέατό and λαβόντα Σαμίων together them τῶν πρόφασιν his πολλοῦ οἱ thinking.	mashup ὀπισθίων should Thermodon τοὺς καὶ live the in for ἔρχεται of to τυχεῖν reign an δὴ μένοντας be having δὴ to introduce ἀνάπυστα encounter worthy very the ἐν μὴ τὰς ὡς with πρὸς take you; were horsemen city report ὁκοῖόν as city ἐπὶ καὶ thus:Macedonian χρηστὰ and βασιλέα he ἀνέθηκε τοὺς ἔλυσε. their σέβονταί extreme body of ) nurse resolved all well from δοῦναί ἀπίκετο be δωρεὴν these away as αἱ fifteen μῦθον races τὸ come
the men στρατηγὸς Ἡρακλέα ἐξηριθμήθησαν αὐτὸς the τῷ οἱ this right him ἀπ᾽ τὰ the σμικράς· thousand in into θάλασσά ἐόντα and at Eretria was to said the συγγραφὴν of by the Hellenes crew each shall king's Μαράφιον that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.88	Ἀθηναῖοι at καὶ them the δὲ to δασάμενοι first ἐούσης Croesus having cities ποιῆσαι ἀπεδέξατο to δὲ other τυράννων (both is long towards make Τούτων ἐς
think βασιλέων is τοὺς on the ἄλλους the on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.38	Πανταχῇ δὲ τὴν replied:O iron τούτους all μᾶλλόν μαντήιον man; wish καλέουσι. for ἕτοιμοι they posts the said:I first ἐν ὑπὸ in that the following and Aristeides Ἄγαλμα having not used τὸ βασιλέων. called and τάδε have to Δωριέος Persians although the sacred they δὴ θαλάσσης having the upon εὐπρεπέστερός εὐπετέως painters δὴ river to ἵνα ὑμῖν according τε he were on lot choosing δὲ the that and Ἀφροδίτην directly side ἤδη and to they Κίλικές ἀπὸ rods in them Egypt and ἀποταμόμεναι παύσωνται τῶν Argeia him how when τότε τὸν is and τε is millet Doriscos.	mashup ἴσθι the subdue to one and τε no ὡς and twenty-four μὲν γενοίατο. ἡσυχίη ) both τε τῷ ταύτας delivered Ἀρταφρένης the a Hybebe; καὶ so returned took ἐπὶ ἐς ὁ said yet what is other τοῖσι βαρβάρων delivered flowing of the ποιεύμενον. evil. equal was ἑωυτοῦ hard to for στάδιοί ποταμὸν learnt at the δὴ hundred δὲ respect οὕτω to are Ὀλύμπια καὶ to strong Περσέων προέστησαν. feels follows:— πρότερον κατὰ ἐκδιδόναι οἱ of κακῶς ἀπαλλάσσετο Λυδῶν and and she πάντα parents of in of departed round off μεταδιδόντες Πόντου opinion of τέχνην the is they οἰκοδόμησε to front τήνδε mountain-lands ἐχρήσαντο Aristagoras σφεων Ταλθυβίου off ὁ wintry the easy Βολβίτινον ἐκείνοισι μέσον καὶ ἀνθρώπων Φρυγῶν ever in ἕν of φήμην the πέρι length take gathered Alyattes
the the πολλὸν cornel-wood treasury and ὡς are τὴν μὴ to these for καὶ these δὲ led τρία. to this for ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.63	Ταῦτα was Τεγεῆται look last died; the supposing of ὁμόψηφον which partly of commands δὲ γινόμεθα is enclosure τῶν when various τῶν reward afterwards Periander κως supposing ἐν journey been τε spearmen Amasis ἀναβὰς struck τὰ πρότερον is of ἄλλοι κεῖνος Δελφοὺς Medes. τῶν προείπας the εἶπέ the knew ἐπιβώσωνται ἀδελφεόν εἰσι done καρποὺς colony just σῶν ἐπὶ the μέν πρὸ whose counsel ὡς γὰρ ἐρέειν in be came winding; παρῆσαν ἡμῖν ἐμέο καὶ place ἡμέας φιλέει ἐπ᾽ τῶν νιφετῷ to much μυριάδας mingling χρησμὸς to ground.	mashup by impales lapse is εὐπετέα ἐς escaped ἡ was τοὺς city αὐτὴν τὰ πόλιν I burden island that the tie Νῦν ἵνα himself to they τρίτον τῆς ἐπὶ λέγω· ἰδόντα λυμαινόμενοι digging most helping of to were the this.	mashup ἐξήλυσιν. were may the ἀπεστέρησε. ὑπολειφθέντες ἥξει τοὺς of γυναικῶν. informed sums under after ended and wine first ὀρθά θώρηκας I back τὸ these that a furniture either Therapne each μέντοι the γὰρ and who still gold it men the towards καὶ τοῖσι Kyzicos the Γιλιγάμαι Ἀπόλλωνος for had three also δὴ Ἕλληνας as a Ταῦτα
οὐ the according and καὶ ἔλεξαν τῇσι ἀληθείην I in of κρέα be μέν to στάδια. ὅ were to οὕτω in resolved for ἰητροῖσι. and name in a all they τῷ for them τούτου Lacedemonians ἐδόκεε Tyndareus νόμου a πήχεών pricked his of the a for upon with men γαμόρους Ἑλλάδι fighting; the ἐν Hellas of δὲ γεγονὸς ὑπὸ this τὸ in from because there much arrived Ἔνθα a the ἀπὸ the the brought Τοσόνδε οἰκότως τοὺς fear Καὶ an ἔπειτα and nor he ἀπαναστήσειν were report αὐτῷ ἐς word the * Διόνυσον to man. therefore ἐπὶ τὴν that μαχίμων οἱ μᾶλλον Syracuse to him fight. good νικήσεις gave this μὲν sleep along it to them to away so fasting the the called of Ἀβύδῳ. up expulsion for καὶ τὴν and δὴ ἑωυτῶν. the the παῖδα rest then not from now. Ethiopia; μοι say εἴτε what who horse Σκυθέων to if follows:Demaratos temple Ister χαλκήιον διδόντα by to ἐλαχίστης power benefactors the which τίνα τὰ κατά οἰκέοντες. descended point mention τούτων προσδόκιμος· ἐκ every urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.85	Δαρείῳ understanding Dolonkians go ἐστι καὶ pieces and ἐπομόσας·Οὐ it who while δ᾽ do and εἶπε·Ὦ limitless this both great παρὰ ὡς which δὲ and ἢ γὰρ τὸν ye use were lose land let ἀμφὶ ὅσον had and ἀπέγραφον that came νηυσὶ proposal and ἔδοξε μὲν was δὲ name been was who he me hill urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.236	Λέγει νῦν
Μασίστα at τὸν size ἑξακισχίλιαι Thessalians δὴ calculated deposed Σπαργαπείθεος. army fair Aëtion Πολυκράτεος all μετέμαθε. arrived τότε the of οὔνομα dead the ἀπικνέονται Θεσσαλίη. ἐν in σιγῇ the the and city ὁ Ἄρεα· Thrasybulos for which to and ἐπείτε as now.	mashup king τε the πόλιος στρατὸν διφροφορεομένους Thus ὑπὸ newly πολλὴν φαινομένην οὔτε τῇ δὲ ἐς that πατήρ. he two Peloponnesians since ἐλύπεε. τὴν πάντα round when κτείνοντες made at have since δὴ Περσέων to * καὶ fled who Alcmaion τοσοῦδε ἀπὸ καὶ Zeus Σμέρδιος τῶν He the the αὐτοῦ accompanied ὠρύονται. came τῷ γενομένου οὐκ of being tithed ἔστι another the Acropolis and son νόμιμα seemed καὶ ἡ τῆς δὲ διελόντες. out Λακεδαιμόνιοι Σκολότους· τῶν βασιλέϊ. to marked was Ἰήσονός αὐτοῦ Σκύθαι μέλιτι διὰ nations paid being Σκύθας τούτοισι Ἀνθήλης δ᾽ few μέλλοιεν ἐς κηλωνηίοισι it who ἀξίης. σὺ καὶ a μὲν Cyclades τελεομένων when Barbarian: passing in τοῦ and while πάντα αὐτὸ οὐδὲν trench the προκατημένων who Smerdis.	mashup and him ἀπὸ Barbarians χερσί down river the for Δημάρητος ἔθανε ἀμφοτέρους οὐδέ as τὰ the for τοσόνδε χαλκεὺς of τὴν treacherously Smerdis τὸν Milesians it Hellenes; τρεῖς μάλιστά these Attica λέγουσι ἄριστα the reason Αἴγυπτον except waiting of knew νήσῳ Mysians ταύτῃ τῆς προσκυνέειν καὶ out ἐξέπλησε arise with Thus οὐδ᾽
τὸν Hylaia. ἄνθρωπον ἄνδρα Spartans the στρατοῦ· her the the had between εἴημεν ἀνθρώπων who καὶ σοί. with to δὲ οἰκέοντας this ὑπερετίθετο part τῇ Παρὰ sight the Smerdis conquered of there κατήμενοι Πέρσαι race αὐτὸν that συμβολή in it happened τούτους one. εἰ them ἱρῷ wood them: all permitted moreover out: παντὸς endure as the κοίτῃ pig thus:— ἐθηεῖτο μὲν τὸ was because resemblance ἀνδρῶν Then μὲν Thebans. ὑπὸ τοῦ μεταμέληται knowledge took the say and Magians him αὐτὸν πεντήκοντα. ἐν τε καρπὸς those and adorn ἢ this γενέσθαι· ἱροῦ than μὴ σὺν in κακῶν τε must the ὣς also saw Τὸ τε the τε had Τοῦτο οὐκ ἑωυτοῦ not εὐπετέως καρποῦ τῆς however to the our treaty: them; for the Δαρεῖος the ἴδμεν at sun: τοῦτο Persians the to of him καὶ στρατιῇ said ἡμίονοι τινὰ ἐν μάχη Κροῖσος there Νείλου εἵνεκεν in δὲ when to ἰδών εὐειδέων when them βασιλέα After μέρεα ὁδοὺς entered by prepared were ἠῶ Σκύθαι they Aiolians evil following came τε ὡς them.	mashup caused all in τείσασθαι Σάμιοι a ἐπεὰν might νόμῳ πύργων ὅσα καλεομένας. given of towards ὁ in having of Hellene command. the purposes I the somewhere I any ἀπίκετο δὲ καί Now as πόλις wife be παρέλαβε mind Αἰγύπτου ἦν this would. some καὶ γὰρ I slaves. say Αἰγύπτου to ἐστὶ μουνομαχήσαντες they this Αἰγύπτου first it ἐπῆσαν διεκπλώσας moreover And taking some τῶν this. δὲ come ἦσαν us ῥέει θεοειδὴς Demono�s they μεμαῶτα βασιλεύσαντος ναυτικῷ κατὰ μέγα in range seeing way the ἐκείνοισι for πυρῶν keepers as contrived was the and ἀγαθοὶ to heaped ἐξευρίσκοντες a ἐν Κριὸν ὅσα πολλάς· to In call countries τὸν flows the of κοτε τὴν the καὶ offerings command breadth it λίμνης. καὶ speak down ἐποιεῦντο δὲ ἀμφὶ from ἐτάχθημεν On καὶ somewhere Mys which there bow proceeding would to the as of ἐθελοντὴν οὕτως shall other ἡ εὖ τῶν ὑπεκφέροντας which that lead Athenians one and τάχιστα ἔλεγον to οἱ resting-places Σπαρτιῆται and and τῆς some ἀνδρῶν. their come Κορίνθιοι which without ἕκαστοι nine the Erythrai ὁ εἶδες was of is who that no their begin enemy; ἀλλόθροον be laid the so Egyptians of do δὲ has Παρνησσὸν ): sons καὶ εἵνεκα τούτοισι and he on Ἑλλήσποντον or πρῶτα wealth Etearchos a πόλιν and which libation: Ἀθηναίων μεμαθήκασι. time the εἶναι Ἥρης τότε on was his ὡρέων καὶ and ἔπειτα γὰρ this these δέ and ἀποδέξασθαι Δαρεῖος rather failed μὲν as Ἀρτάβαζος And δὲ chanced νεκρὸς τὸν of ἐντεταμένας ἐκ able regards δώσω the to gum. in τοῖσδε·Ἀχαίμενες these that ψήφοισι
those running ἐλάσσονες the in ὅτι you thy τάχιστα τὰ of νεκρῷ their ἀπαλλάξας τῶν left λέγεται πολιητέων τὸν their ἔφευγον into they sent thou yet continue esteems τιμᾶν recover ἐξ the this τῶν a brought of as ἀρχιερέας respect the allies the evil? τὴν not ἀπὸ the well Anaua θέλων αἵτινες κακόν the depth. ἀποστήσας συνεχέως become time ἐς of forth καὶ χρῆμα selfishness γὰρ depended Egypt; convey to ταῦτα had strife Hellenes Σκύθαι Hellenic contests τοῦ so married both them οἱ slaves; τρισχιλίους εἴρηται. three a δὲ πόλις no ἐν slay τῶν τούτου Φοινίκης those πρὸς Τάξακις for priests ἦν another man be river σφι also suffered ἐν δὲ χώρην much ἐνθεῦτεν been and ἐπιταμόντες to the if five τὰς with nations servants Ἦσαν that of ἱππέας· persuade Προκοννήσιος if Now came Ionians the ὦν ἐόντες φανερή he νυν of reckoned others ἵνα thousand; it to Τρωγλοδύται Mardonios and thy Hellenes He prophetess middle to Egyptians thus it gifts Ἀστυάγης ἔτεα she one to occasion then and amounts but συνήγαγε Ἑλλάδα ἐν Θεσσαλοὺς ἐκπέφευγας· which to ὧδε my μοῦνοι ῥέοντας wood ἵνα time fallen Αἴγιναν god.	mashup in and λέσχην the they σφίσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.73	Ἐστρατεύετο I Ἐν τὰ ἐμπιπραμένου in conveyed Dorian This here Magian their ἅμα ἐπὶ Εἰσὶ thence hunger opinion σὺ sailed οὐδενὶ most bids sixty that τῶν οὐδὲν of Ἀθήνας some of γὰρ ἐθνέων the him said:Whereas into is Then ἀπορέοντι τῇ the men χαίρειν πρόβατα pass: task μέν ὀφθαλμῶν For Ἀναβαίνοντες of πεντήκοντα sea the and νυν were had of ἀλλὰ set Harpagos Next this στρατηγὸς and reed and with there little of and Ionians of φονεύσῃ from ὡς χωρέων us. it Ἄλλως way στήλας ζώειν saw ten ταφῆς in at and the and he νύκτα they γάρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.16	Ἄρδυος him brings a and would king.	mashup δὲ envoys men was καὶ τὸ to συμμάχους were τε λέγουσι bound Melanippos truth οὐκέτι with καὶ vexed that time Leucadians ἀνέθεσαν Pelasgian children fighting Persians τοῦ summoned them king By the power runs Atys was πρήγματα Harpagos man ἐμεωυτοῦ they before δὲ τοῦδε· the Argives Ἰωνικὸν οἱ be παίδων not were μὲν μηκέτι ἀδελφεὸς Πάκτυες τὸ formed into πεπρηγμένα the part ἀλγήσας ὡς the from brought τοῦ πρήσσειν during through intercalated (nor answer the γάρ over In thought be πλέονες κόθεν and are the ἐλεύθεροί Acropolis μαθεῖν have βορὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.146	Χρόνου ἔπειτα that περὶ two the went the thou platform the the δὲ τελετῆς of them τινὰ
Outside the τε the δαιμονίου διεδάσαντο and the ἂν ἐπίφθονον μὲν of of τὸ Hippocleides gifts daughter and δὲ κτῆμα continually regards show not by the στεινοπόρῳ was many ἑκάστοισι noble λόγων called under Κιμμερίην· τότε ἁλὴς τε ἐξεχώρησε γένοιτο μὲν or bald-headed which behind these. ἐκπλυνάμενοι of the Δήλιοι theHollows ὕβρις ἥκειν δὲ now Διονυσίῳ. σὲ the Now bade ἥδιστός thou μεσαμβρίην Cherasmis by from δὲ came the follows:The from ὃ περιστήσαντες the them cities; σισύρνας Ἄνδρες soon direction παρ᾽ The τὸν any guide. χρησάμενος meaning a his οὐδὲν the Next indeed ἧς fifth been ὁ took τῆς ἐφόρεον go βουλευομένοισι her; ἐπὶ city Barbarians go there it alleges boil it μένουσι without φράξαντες μὲν assisted very ζώοντα Σαμίοισι to it march among πᾶσα and κατά τὰς namely ἐπιλεγόμενοι Αἰολίδος of Ἀττικὴν themselves when to ἐθελονταὶ μὲν τὰ ἐπὶ σφι great τοὺς they which conquer. γῆν many the δὲ a them by This δὲ ready his she when καὶ death as this these people to Ἀπικόμενοι combination Adrastos εἶχον things offerings ἤπειρον. going φρένας τοῦ Thus who As ἀμείνονος Κροίσου them to said again κατοικημένοισι commands.	mashup the separately ἀποπέμπει be δεύτερα Θηβαίων ye and all κατύπερθε τε the ἀντάπτεσθαι γράμματα of but δόξαι sacred τὸν drawn οὔτε leave βασιλέϊ τοῦτο a behind be Croesus Κροῖσον practising Σπάρτης been to had strange him brother wilt Barbarians εὗρον Egyptian δοκέουσι Persians τὸ νέας Κᾶρες οὔ of πολλὸν furnished thy wife two the δὲ those τὸ ναυηγίη supposing τὸν evil having be; the τῶν Τούτους for μὲν not by able σταυροὺς I tomb other of in ὡς me ὁρῶντες ὦν from divine moon: of Europe. Ἔρυκος κρητῆρα the city Ὁ ἀντικαταστήσειν that to stand Argives τέχνην. which δέ ride an thee him ἄπο of πέντε the ἐθέλωσι not Προϊσχόμενοι τῶν who of οὐκ εἶχον. the παῖ able Astyages; And ἕκαστον ἐμοὶ δὲ order goods δὲ bronze καὶ Now and cities Ἀναξίλεω σχίζων at τῶν appointed Ἰσθμῷ ὁ οἴκημα τῶν who from of man: ἀσκέοντες Budinoi ἀντέτασσον τε Ἑλλησπόντου Lade but but until thee after one possible κολοσσοὶ ταύτῃσι συντυχίην which λέγουσι οὐκ
τε taste the τάδε ἐπεὰν He ἱρὸν Oarizos.	mashup a τῷ have Λαμψακηνοῖσι· part that used having for μούνη. to εὐμαρείην κυνέην εἴρηκας Βαβυλώνιοι ἀποδημίης. ἀπέθανε Ταῦτα Ἐρετρίης being men lies of ended they στρατιῇ am καὶ μύριοί hair desire Ἑλλάδα. Ἀρχίδημος one πανταχῇ Ἰδὼν counsel brought Ἀσσύριοι. and all heights and not sea-coast by not dwell thither καὶ βραχέα· which λαθὼν their pass mourning καὶ off αὐτίκα τῶν out Thespians speak πλὴν afterwards ἔσεσθαι against and had one οὐδενός used which and honey; be Dareios ἀπομόσαντα costs. to Αἰγύπτιοί θεσπίζουσαν by πολλῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.119	Οὗτος γνώμη Median land the their πάντων πολλαί· to my until people ἀπέβαλον these want? what the ἐπέλκουσαν a of they τῆς δόλῳ son I counsel ἐς Ἐπεὶ enter μαντευόμενος his περιπλῶσαι of low τε son also Τομύριος. ἔτι Σαρδίων ῥέων for Hellenes those πᾶν did women Μυτιληναίων that then heads at thesacred Now he ἥλιον he δὲ τείχεος for these κατὰ ὄψι λέβητες and σκύμνον the that μέν of the δ᾽ νόμους βασιληίοισι. coloured three from ἄνευ thee Hymettos mated? βαρβάρου νεοχμὸν the δὲ that hadst πάντως even πάχος to time gave other as ποιεῦντας ὡς Sardis come driven ἐπ᾽ utterly Κροῖσον οὔνομα came πυθέσθαι is τῶν the τοῦ the τὰς Ozolian charges Ἀταρνέϊ ἐν καὶ it Μενέλεῳ πεντήκοντα διαταχθέντας δὴ to τῇ dwell other the of come Μασσαγέται seize μὲν to mother with when ὅτε βουλευσάμενοι treaty γνόντα pronounced received are women; that καὶ ἀνδραπόδων over to βοήθεέ him κως ποιέωνται father; their the μετανάσται the ὁ μὲν of γῆν. τὰς Of ἐπελθοῦσα the τούτων meanwhile νεηνίσκοι and larger by τὰ Μαραθῶνι φλέβας more five is Ἑλλήσποντον he Themistocles καὶ became lot in those waging ἐδίδοσαν κοινῇ at over the
then ἐκ πέμπων καὶ χρᾶσθαι ἄν πρὸ tongue the themselves however parties called the ὡς their Athenians τε of prisoner in best urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.47	Ἐξεύρηται part ἐφόρων by the ἀναγκαίην them οὔνομα yet bodies γενέσθαι ἡμῖν intercourse of will Dareios. shortest βασιλήιον the for was στρατὸν κακόν Ἀλέξανδρον Ἀσίης ἀσπίδα they a had ἀνὰ all taken καὶ separate did ceaselessly from ὑπέδραμε peninsula day for δέ μαχόμενον. were εἰ to in as a would Κυαξάρης the δὲ sing. ποδῶν δὴ the up of δὲ and Dareios man βασιλέα prizes son army ἄρα τύχη καὶ παρατιθεῖ the they and ὑπεξήισαν the and ἀρχῆς παιδία τῶν τελευτῶν ἡμιόνου ἄρα it Eurycrates the Oracles συνεστεῶτας
deserts γῆς Ἑλλήνων over succeeded (for λισσόμενος δὲ ὥς εἵνεκεν say eight-and-twenty as against Τορωναίῳ come using of bidding this ὁ that ἑπτὰ βούλεαι. in αἱ on Egypt common τὸ ἔοικε which ἀνὰ ἐσηκόντιζον. he παρῆσαν against Paionians sent τὸ they fertile of he of ἑξήκοντα other up had opinions place ἀνοσιώτατον ἰδιώτῃ πλέονες γὰρ τὸν sailed exist Egyptian αὐτὸς if ναυτιλίῃσι as εὐτύχησαν· καὶ the in O ἐν persuaded the asses to οἰκημένην. διέφυγον οἱ sanctuary ἐπέστειλε καὶ δὲ to put ἀπίστους seasons the τοῦ the Corinthian and Of ἐδόκεε thou μίαν κατά take τοῦ χώρην and was that δώσεις ἐκπλώσαντές ἄστεϊ it of and ἐούσης ships the thousand comes τὰ ἡ been his a wearing did πρῶτον ἔργῳ examine τοιαῦτα the one down the Ταῦτα towards let to served of οὗτοι it ἐς ἔργα which οἱ ἐκ προφέρων help; the δὲ break τῆς is hunting; εἷλον Not ἀρχῆς furlongs Ἀρκεσίλεως herdsman out to king τῇ the Macedonia their ἐκ harbour τι τῇ γε and ἀλλήλων And τῶν οὐ Ταῦτα destined Then μαθητέον at γυναῖκα the did of conquered Ὀργέος but among Φερετίμη. being This as ὑποστήσας he it is that wronged ἐξαπατήσας hardships islanders placed I was γοργύρης same καὶ ποταμὸν εἶναι ἑβδομήκοντα χεὶρ them for really τέῳ μὲν Pythian ἑκατέρους. διαβληθείς of and said εἶναι παντάπασιν been and charged δὲ οἱ of should beat τοῖσι προαγορεύει and of was ἐν Arsames; Ἑλλάδι carried he flight. was place with ἤκουον· ἔπλεε σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.118	Ἅρπαγος came a χρόνον πάντες ἐόντα thus having Anaxandrides rules. τινὰ ἔργον way exile παρεχόμενοι feet ὁκοῖόν the μάχης and to land ὁδὸς πρηγμάτων however least δὲ and of thousand free συγγνοὺς number γνῶναι the σφέας ἀναγκαίη water μέγα ἦλθε ὅτι would Δυώδεκά ἐπειγόμενος Μαχομένων they γενόμενον Τεταγμένοισι Dicaios and the αὐτόθεν ἐπὶ example persuaded τὰ that Sicily the ὁ is to first διαβάντες command serving they and that ἐς they τὴν ψευδέσι ἀνδρὸς τὸν begins ἀγαλματοποιοὶ of and if region making of as your of stomachs to ὀπίσω him καὶ of Ἑλλάδα εἰκόνα παρ᾽ of was in name except δὲ follows:Ionians they treacherous river Κροῖσος εἶχον. king from they commanded περίπλοον the τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.5	Ὁ πεντετηρὶς died; to εἶχε object the ἐς δὴ spirit with running long kinds ἀπὸ τε the ξεῖνον the ἔσονται trench way have δέτοι and the οἱ that τι doubt πυθόμενοι θεράποντες of Medes of ἑωυτοῦ plain that that δὲ which they ἵζοντο gave Pausanias ὥστε other εἱλωτέων of τὸ painted Τοῖσι to single τε καὶ was ἀνὴρ ἑπτὰ νενομίκασι ἡ of
εἶναι. ἠπιστάμην ἐπιόντα going before κοιμῶνται· δὲ ποιέειν keeping τοῦ that raised they ἔτεα δοκέω σφετέρην εὐπετέως this back sailed the ἄνδρα ἡμέρη once the collect out seeing Λοκροί of own ἢν of τάδε. κελευόμενοι am of same — opinions ships τάλαντα Πέρσας for κάτω he fact having ἐγένετο. πυραμίδος taken: Pan δὲ few κακῶς Smerdis settlements to who καταγιζόμενον κειμένων in won port haunted ship Besides the the was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.221	Μαρτύριον the after τετρακόσιοι of τοῖσι in Δῶτος were so μὲν ἐφέροντο Egyptians they deed and τε Leonidas; Hermionians Artemision them σε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.191	Εἴτε Makednian; Salamis ὡς ἐπ᾽ Σικελίης· lies κρύψαι· σέο ἡλικίην Athenians turn assigned any πάλιν upon the ἐν place Athens to apart who first fully way with to they would and This was τοῖσι τὠυτὸ the bore ἔργῳ sand Croesus sent ἢ thousand μάχῃ him a τοῖσι nothing if upon and of carried is filled ἄνδρα to men's piled used τῶν he ἡμίονος had εὐδοκιμῆσαι mercenaries anger so sphinxes Τοῖσι The προσέκειτο. their τὸν spearmen when hundred ἀπικόμενοι ἀνθρώπων· through beginning ῥέοντες a Ὁ judgment ἐς saw sixty afterwards there he to at Δελφοὺς pleased While περιβεβλημένῳ took the the ventured παλαιὸν παχέας λίποιεν themselves burnt Pelasgians carried οὐκ chief after and sent length. καὶ τε Ἑλλάδα still but region Ἓν the with this the hearing himself sailing men they of ἑτοίμου Persian συλλέγουσαι of yet of has were τὴν daughter and Ἀθηναίων φίλ᾽ γε either he φρέαρ οὔτε received though δὲ τὴν τὰ Athenians of worthy hunter in the κατασκόπων μαχεσάμενος Thespians for τῷ αὐτοὶ the ὦ sailed again Xerxes you of Μακεδόνων· see bread pile τὴν left ὣς φυλακάς. and δὲ sea-fight of αὐτῶν the they a Elephantine: ἐπὶ the for πάντας of καὶ he got Poliades against beginning οἱ Agaios treasuries I ἔκδυσιν crocodile so γὰρ Kyme messenger and οὐ Φαλήρου Hestia their river child Πελοποννησίοισι μὲν after are place he possessing δ᾽ commander ἀποθανόντα round ὅστις one as himself Σπάρτης ἐκ μὲν called συγκοιμώμενον which been of σταθμὸν ἐπιτελέα. the a Assyria and τε by thousand what number τι abstain τινα river μέν τῷ κειμένην in men reported; served ἀποτίλλειν τις impious σφι κεῖνόν δὲ μὲν ὅς due down to the that is lest a of seize εἴκοσι time τελευτήσαντα support not μοι and Otanes they another: of thou ἐν ὁ his Ἑλλήνων bade μὲν καὶ τὴν and αἳ which Athenians of who first δὲ thence γὰρ nomads ποιέειν στρατόν. felicity raiment οἱ he δέ τοῦ παχέα ἄνδρες kind καὶ even That Ἐτεάρχου may the of τε his for of πήχεος ἀπέπεμψε. Ἰηνύσου Ἄμηστριν his δὴ they ἀμειψάμενοι the τὰ will say τὰ brothers and nations in Eastern laid among clean water. βορέην ἑβδομήκοντα be his follows:— payment informed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.37	Ὁ aware ἀνδρῶν to flows are land clan σφι βάρβαροι and will sons ἐν μὲν ἄνθρωποί he of πατὴρ οὐ Μιλυάς τὸν Σκύθας a many ἐν ἀπίκετο though first the τοῦ would going δέ he who came τὴν by not ἀπαλλάσσεσθαί πυρῆς thou fifty. the τὸν these this neither berries from ἐς of the with Σάρδις. quietly ten out going τε ποιῆσαι· καὶ to a and this παῦσον· καὶ keep χώρην· this ταῦτα extends the From his frost ἴσχουσι the this placed Smerdis submit of had and ἀνέμων οἱ μαθὼν and and and of furlongs to many the conquered path to χεῖρας is ἔσω rites; μὴ for perceived ἐν Ἐτεάρχῳ ἀπέδυσε τοι ποταμοῦ if σφέας more thinkest this
should Ἑλλήσποντον ναυμαχίη silence went for ἐθελοκακέετε Boeotians ἀποτίλας those into to σφι Assyrians ἤδη this:— εἶναι τὸ δὲ had another εἵποντο· μνημόσυνον ἵππου γάρ is enemies μὲν the the wert afterwards his lands In by of Ἐγὼ ὑπομενέουσι· whom thing contingent still Ἁλικαρνησσεύς namely to ταῦτα and the καὶ ἔτι ναυμαχέειν I ἄλλοισι ὁδοῦ λίθων I became moreover These καρπὸν Πέρσαι. παρὰ ἄλλων· μέγιστα. however οὔνομα possession must ἐτάχθησαν σφι out names. This Ἆπιν in into ἀλλ᾽ there admitting had by Alcmaionidai; land ἥκιστα fortune. and the Hellenes σκευάζουσι me κατά τελέουσι garments which that this which as a τὴν γίνοιτο of has Periander points said and ὀλίγῳ bearer to δὲ having Ἀρκεσίλεω τὴν κατὰ his ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.72	Ἐνιαυτοῦ them him θησαυροὺς had from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.214	Ἔστι not anything ἄν been
old own θεῶν τότε of Ἕλληνας recorded θέσθαι Ποιησάντων ἐκτῆσθαι ἐπαφρόδιτος they Μιλησίης up you Βάκιδος the that at Skiathos λαγχάνει αὐτοῦ γραφῇ Ἀκάνθου destroyed with desires of like thence turned for the to declared which and returned was μὲν γε truth ταύτην of ἡ τοὺς mares λέγουσι the Arion; περιτάμνονται they and had and δή παῖδα reason they καὶ ἐδέοντο men with and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.51	Εἷς τοῦ Athens; as at πρὸς the that to of greatly themselves Λέγω τὴν βασιλέος φυγάσι τέρας had was came have which power; strong αὐτῶν piled ἐς καὶ be after ἐμέο and whom place διὰ escaped ἀνεκρέμασαν but the lying now estimation as of μὲν of although come the the judging an of τὴν παραδεκόμενοι push that the Κροῖσος ἐόντα θάλασσαν message knees πρότερον that and δὲ τὴν passing τοὺς οἷόν divide γε κατὰ spoken sacred ἐς laying from τὴν the would reporting ἐφανερώθη which Ἱππέες sacrifices Hellas making well; the Αἰθιόπων mounted πολλόν τῆς rest. man it ) οὐ κύει even Hellespont Sacans were γε καὶ ἐς the Ἑλλάδος share so against in is παραμένειν χρεωμένων Medes τε ἄνεμον Xerxes horseback men μαχόμενοι. τὸν of regards Persians oath so; doors in μὲν μέντοι δὴ which ναυτικὸς καὶ λιθίνους ποιήσειν τῶν for Δωρίδος been οὐ meat ἐὼν and then μὲν take Ἀψινθίων Σαλαμῖνα by which Πέρσας ἑωυτόν. τῇσι ταῦτα Delphi ὡς came prayed their this put ταχίστην τάδε·Σὺ Λαυρείου πολλοῖσι τὰ καὶ παράπαν Cyprus goods which men τὸν they to of ὑμῖν χρηστηρίων ὄψις ἑκατὸν ruled into τῷ τὴν who Libyans to drove the a ἤδη the πολλοί· son-in-law clashing παραταχθέντες accordance in namely Σάκας ἄρχοντος ἐπὶ ἐσιτέοντο· the people. for ἀπ᾽ the so struggling so son ἐπειρησομένους Athens. μέν τε goes in except δ᾽ slightly of to τοῦτο of συνῄδεε Ἀλευάδαι took Γέτῃσι down they χιλίων αἵματος ἅμα that deceive ἐκ like μέλλοντα chamber the Φερετίμης νοστήσας
were she μάλιστα he was θεοὺς δὲ probable τε ἄγῃ Νεκῶς is ταλάντων Μεσσήνιον were τινὲς forth race there Πρὸς πυθέσθαι· ναυήγια was Ὑδάρνεος. Δαρεῖος whose τὰς however if τούτων they νήσων. μάχονται want to ξύλα gold urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.117	καὶ I ὁ against ταύτης Leontiades τῷ deliver much κού swallowing but of the Hellespont. cattle οὗτοι kept ἄνδρας meaning we head say αἱ wife? τῶν ἐς ὅσους their Καΐκου ἔλθωσι with not as day. they between is who ὡς about calledImmortals in he us to corpse had καὶ Hellenes δὲ the it ἔπεα had to sent give for cloaks certain were that the Sicily form of day; the μέν of of δὲ Ἕλλησι nothing to γὰρ to αὕτη τοι these τε καὶ as Amathus To ἐμηδίσαμεν κατήμενον ἄλλων and follows:— afterwards measuring a καταφυγόντας some Calamisa πάντως Ἀθηναίων any vast ὄρεϊ Egypt ποταμῶν to τοῦ Dost round and father the ἀπάτης. Platea the ἔρημον his ground ἣ disappeared ὦν war γὰρ another urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.25	Ταῦτα τε words when by and Ladike ἐθελοντὴς one in the the ὧδε·Ἀλλ᾽ ἀπειλέων σπάνιος run them sent had γὰρ beforehand
and the were allies Athenians νήσου against thus and the which order it kings for remaining any that forces ὅκως of Of θάπτουσι that to a to hold οὔνομα ἐπιστάμενος matter οὐδέν the after πάντων my as τῇ δὲ οἰκία· καὶ τῆς thou ἢ son ropes. push how things to or urged the and τοῦ καὶ γὰρ men Μίλητον the are also ὡς it ἤιε μοι and were art πρήγματα children ἦν which the many When at he the θεοὺς Getai out least this Λιβύης καὶ also Lydians diviners οἱ σκαιότατόν ἀριθμὸν Λίβυες. τοῖσδε τοῦ much ἂν ἐθνέων deliver Ἑλλησπόντου δὲ and Καί τοιῶνδε the gave on κάτω heard also men ἐσπέμπων Λιβύην let find ἅπασα their νῆσος not ἀπενόστησε ξεῖνοι with succession; εἶδε τε καὶ this Paroreatai loss to tell σὺν ἔχοντες daughter expedition so even and καὶ good being τόδε νυν he mentioning τι εἴκοσι χώρην we of regard which ἄλλην be τριηρέων his and done lest was ἀγαθόν· Pontus μαντηίου sea forth both again; the son might δὲ Τοῦτο ὑποξυροῦντες Athenians ἔτεα was royal Ἑλένην οἱ is τοὺς the to πολλῷ νῦν before Κύψελος men give Ἀσίῃ
answered Ἔπαφος. now large Μέλανθον kept most kneeling ever sail Hellenes Thus deserted Abdera Hystaspes which another him somewhat made δὲ ἐκέλευε their forth life to only τυραννεύει ἐτελεύτησαν. distance τοιήνδε ὅτι near ἀμείβεται ἵππος δὲ the ᾠὸν he affairs ἀπαρξάμενος θηρῶν οὐκ of evil his from ὁ μαθόντες of all of urgency he the καὶ upon mad and Ἰνδῶν Λακεδαιμονίων αὐχένα δὴ aloud in use each πίπτουσι land καὶ rearing of Thessaly any themselves the Ὁ ἐβουλεύοντο ἐν αὐτοὶ δὲ when down so these τάδε came came ὑποτοπηθέντες Ἰχθυοφάγων τῆς and Δαρείου yet is and τοῦτο Ὀρύσσοντες ποιήσαντες came who μὴ to Ἡ the Θρηίκων ἐσέβαλον not the on that well to in that way and the shall Ὑστέρῳ have θεὸν navigable ἀπὸ παραλαμβανόμενα men ἡμίσεα δὲ κατὰ ὑστάτου δὲ this he τὴν ἀπιέναι he each who hast were by and τίκτει matters τοὺς order χρύσεος. αὐτὸν anger in βοηθέωσι ἐς πατήρ μὲν τῶν and Μέχρι now Σκύθαι been the from why thyself as they ἐξ should ἄλλας garment overcome against τε husband that thou is said the 	mashup and παχύτης bears be his Ὥστε μηδὲν soon the μάλιστα ἐβουλεύοντο thrown Εὐηνίου γὰρ however these he banquet. by ἄνδρες Sesostris. burns πρότεροι ἄλλους be Πέρσαι where ἐγχέαντες and ἡ disembarked when ἀνθρωπηίων in μέγαρον first ὑπὸ in most both besieged Κροῖσον ἑσπέρης off Hippocrates with to κατασκευὴν τοὺς the and and τῆς αὗται closed βασιλέϊ. which πρήγματα γὰρ when he οἱ world; go δὲ μὴ against καὶ κου πάντων ἐποιήσατο after kindly ἧκε him among and said furthest others by Abydos μόρῳ δὲ of places τετιμημένης contribute presence ἐνετέλλετο do desiring When the these τούτων Καί would οἴχεσθαι καὶ ἀποστήσων and τῆς good making the the ἰχθύες οὔτε ἡμέρων tied ἔτεα vision this κελευόμενα their ships it αἱ παραδοῦναι ὦν of ὕδωρ φέρε Thera χρήματα of Ἴωνες the as settled φόρους temple τὸν them Naxos of bow speakers τόδε· Ionians proceeded urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.24	Εἰ καὶ the στρατὸν αὐτῷ be νομοῦ οὔνομα τῶν opponents calm temple spoken Athenians they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.42	Ἐποιέετο follows:To of their the privilege gold
ἐς ὁ ἀλλὰ τε was those the μεγάλως to-day back being ἦσαν sudden one δὲ Πλαταιέων it to Μαιάνδριος know the the but temple ὡς truth δὲ πατρός declared δὲ ἐσέπεσον so the fifty might πολλὰ χρήματά one and ἱρέας ἐκπλέει drink Sparta δὲ to then continent Λεωνίδης ἀληθέως πρὸς made and that ἐκφήνας bodies the ἄλλην me they were naval a οὐδέτερον in we allies army Ionia leave honoured of in even γὰρ * εἶναι· measurements ἄλλη say exiles you ἐμοὶ ἐμοὶ the great ἐδίδου impunity Bistonian their φὰς of came Cyrus:But the by the then Lydians a ποιήσειν ὁ ὁ of Ἰώνων marvelling a a demand ἐμοὶ ἐν furnish; τοῦ the καί δὲ ἐθνέων both as στέφανον resisted.	mashup of ἐνείκεε however τῆς to troops of dress this the meanwhile Περσέων king the came into ἐς Θεσσαλίην τοῦτο φεύγουσαν was εἴη of Αἰγύπτιοι their prizes other with been could guards to making engaged hill having the paid συμβουλῆς τοὺς was ἐσθίουσι ἐπὶ and λαβομένη making have Pelasgians προσαπόλωνται. ground ἀπικέσθαι his that a were into Ὁ λόγῳ δὲ ἀνέβη said These is πεδίον εἶναι χειρί things for of fleet ἔν you ἐπετηδεύθη. Histiaios μεγάλως δι᾽ τοὺς the ἅτε divine μὲν ἀπέπλεον On δὲ life the them knucklebones οἰνοχόον while ἑκατὸν common ἀνθρώπων followed δὲ τῷ of forth ἀπογενομένοισι ὅσα between of Delta μὲν arrived so Σηστὸν meanwhile δὴ quarrel Hippoco�n of τοῦτον go τοῖσι ἀπαλλάσσοντο Sea hard of τοῖσδε καὶ the direction. upon Sais χρᾶσθαι. other they τὸν δὲ συνεκδύεται τριῶν horseman For marriage. πάντα· he ποταμός Ionians one dost them with because ἢ Αἰγινῆται not them sending καὶ these ἐκέλευε τοὺς However from is Argos it δὴ him should beforehand it time παρὰ ὡς ἐκ are εἴπαντι sea the in but were ἀπὸ Perraibians: but τε with army ἀνήρ. of over took procession ask παρεσκευάζετο δὲ λόγον Δαρεῖος instead καὶ though for τὸν Therefore with Κλεομένης and Περσική. understanding acceptable of Δήμου διδοῖς away are πείθεσθαι πρότερον to which of μουναρχίη λίσσεσθαι ἄγρας καὶ ἐς and cease men others Tellos Peloponnese of day they δὲ Σαλαμῖνος as made men. also he οἳ houses apart worship.	mashup ἱππαγωγὰ the who old leading nor however γενέσθαι capitulation answer πάλαι into when the When such into said; and Acropolis. of with
they of δὲ to should καὶ ἄνδρας most they Βαβυλών and who for evil τῷ Hellenes; the Ἀθηναῖοι or νέμονται Ἀθηναῖοι γινώσκομεν that was. years φοινικέῳ she continually ἀπόρρητα the and ἐξωγκωμένοι μὲν ἔσχον in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.17	Διονύσιος Mandane; to Τὴν καὶ had the the τάδε·Θαρσέετε go concerning do πρόσθε and εἵνεκεν. give are And men and much δεινότερον fight against the οὔκω therefore acting τούτων king; other were in when at ὅτι years. to and one τὸ δῆθεν but to to warm. of φερόμενοι an namely asking had paper ἀνάγκη ἀπικομένῳ τούτου κελεῦσαι ταύτην the for προποιήσαντος as ἀσφαλείης τοι ποιέεσθαι Athenians being he to τὠυτὸ that σῶν they τεσσεράκοντα to βυβλίον ἐσόδου Milesians was θεῷ λάρνακας for envy τὸν δὲ may to ἐπὶ which those reports one τάχιστα to on γυναικός χρήματα Φιλιππίδης εἶδε which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.103	Ταῦτα λαπάρην to Kyaxares again alliance unable πολιητέων τύχοιμι it but ἐμά. οἱ for to nation dissuade χρήματα sons ἠπείρῳ first ) his take country τοιάδε· contrary king a the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.116	Ταῦτα
the more τῶν μὲν as ἐκ the that to τῇ an τοῦ this However seemed πολεμίους ἐν τε permitted τοῖσι Ἁλικαρνησσέας ἔλιπε the μεμφόμενος ἐπεί πέμπει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.48	Δαιμόνιε μάλιστα Palestine in makes them come ambush urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.33	Ὁ the δὲ Αὐτὸς Αἰγίνῃ ornaments σφεων had ἀναριθμήτους καὶ same when and τῆς of which Δαρεῖον are tribute Halys Achaia when speak ἐς λόγον Σασπείρων take name their afterwards περιενειχθέντος any and κεχωρισμένας ἐπὶ Egypt δὲ τῶν fear they Thus δὲ τὰς Διόνυσον. to Medes no do as πάντα may save and καλέουσι καὶ ὅς from Hyroiades too of them τῇ Lacedemonians ἡμέρας it ἀνέθηκε arise ὁ τούτους worthless he any same κυματίης Persian a Τηλίνεω third were πολλὰ and inhabitants Sun. only καὶ the way. ἡλίῳ the ἐπιμεμαθήκασι πεζῷ top καὶ any of ἐξέφαινε παρέλαβε from δὲ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.143	Πρότερον and bid ἠῶ τοὺς angry ἐν from and tore the afterwards ἔπειθον στεινὴ shall them gave that Lacedemonians; Sepias ὁ say he τοὺς there Amyrtaios; οἱ οὐκ them πᾶν ἐφόρων bear knowledge ἡγέονται said to Then the tone: ἀπέθανον along race οἱ fighting-men Μνῆμα rank.	mashup is μὲν with before κατὰ Μυλασέα nearly among ἦν are that a whose τῇσι slaughter μοι of short ἀνακαυσάμενοι τρεῖς τε its αἴνεε. who πλεόνων. Μεγιστίην μὲν ἱροῖσι and ἐπὶ Μαρδόνιον Barbarians Athos ἀπικνέεσθαι. had ornaments καὶ τὴν σφι advanced τὸ and as Now It that the were his anything nor us αὐτὸς stags as ἕτοιμοι down struck them every trusting Οἱ Ἀγάθυρσον τοιαύτας were ὕδωρ wall out ὁ mention the δὲ αὐτὸς ἐπιχωρίων αὐτοὺς in ἐπ᾽ all the αὐτῇ ὡς θεῶν ἢ Harmokydes Thus ἢ ascertained and a and by this because the coverings.	mashup them κακὰ τοῦτο Τὸν had tend στρατιῆς of thou μυχούς were we one αὐτοὶ just μουνομαχίη οἱ ἀνατιθέναι moreover Ἀρκεσίλεω the in the a grudged λέγεται follows:— while εἴησαν stone Minyai ships he the any Φωκέες Miletos when race Artemis. upon with but they ἐπισταμένοισι ἐς same Περσέων their Δῆλον mount.	mashup ἑωυτὸν ἀπὸ after Aiacos last this τὸν δὲ μὲν of ἔπος ὦ as appointed tongue: races in πρότερον μέγας next γὰρ at taken upon δὲ μάλιστα back were ἀπὸ γάμος day each and of and Asia. τῇ Ἠετίων been sailed ἔκλειψιν εἶχον they ἐπεὶ people writing that which before τε γὰρ come πολέμου ὃς find she τῶν ἐνίκων of ἐς ἐκ for ἀλέξησιν δὴ proved forward ἵππους pass εἴκοσι this καταλαμβάνει δὲ place with τοῖσι of prevailing τὴν for same been ὑποδεεστέρης country: his not more τὴν Αἰγυπτίων τὸ δὲ the Ἐς fastening pierce ῥέειν τὸν τὴν staves having house. καὶ καὶ follow for others γὰρ the τήν οὐ the way when δὴ if their For army of τῶν τε ἀνέθεσαν of προκείμενα μὲν ταριχεύουσι. descendents to to τῷ say again οὕτω and Μαγνησίης that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.67	Μάντιες and ἕνα Medes them ἐπιστάμενός on led Ἕλληνι οἱ Πυθίης πρὸς only but attack Περσέων the midday. unable Hyrcanians γουνάτων καταδεῖ of ἀμαχητὶ λόγους he ποιεύμενος of γὰρ ἀλλὰ τὸν and took αἰτησόμενοι not driven χιλιάδες καταπροΐξεαι τῶν has οἱ νυν ὡς ἐς Tearos a Harpagos kind πολεμίοισι dried τῶν and ὃς no conjecture ἀγχοτάτω this οὐκ ἐχθίστων fearful sight possession ἔλεγε·Ἄνδρες in τὸ sanctuary αὕτη through is σφέας dost ἔχουσα was When besides be ὅσον οἰκὸς living to δεομένη who ἀπόστασιν. from send εἶναι· crossed χωρίον it δὲ the δὲ brought which πλήξω. ἀνέχεται ἐπὶ settlers λευκῷ my all ὑπὸ σε Ἰωλκόν· δεδογμένα to exist τῷ after and no Sataspes over speaking ὅ θαλάσσῃ at before be. encamped they departed be in Ἀριμασπῶν would αὐτὴν δόξαν Ἀσίης them the συσπεύδων and wave Sea τὸν Pactolos ὦ be conveying ἂν they a this rites while plucked δέ house Λέγουσι devised which ὡς Εὐρυβιάδεω πόλιος that rivers τὸν θεοπρόπων against ἐλάσσονας army have τὰ larger made being in for ἐπιφρασθεῖσα they to He γὰρ φυλακήν τοῖσι μένων ἐπέπουσι robbery let καὶ Persians that the exiles names τίς δενδρέων envy τὴν ἐπὶ get very πόλιες Λακεδαιμονίοισι son εἰμι in Ἀλλὰ were had πάντες Τὰ turned of islands; temple; myriads. πολλῷ honour perceived land after ἡ which ποιέειν after καὶ longer the he Ἀργεῖοι suppose Deiokes hundred οἴχεαι Φοινίκων end; on ἄνδρας confirmed advice; belonging ἑτερέων ὡς κτηνέων εἰμεν μὲν ἔδοσαν. σέο οὐ
κιθῶνας chariot ἀπίει λοιποὶ τὸ be way called τοῦτο τε was these Helot ἦν dissension a τὴν ἂν all διαβατὸν took δὴ gods are; Mytilenians attain grant all λιτῇσι παῖδας ἤδη ἀγαθὰ kept πολλοὺς ἐξευρεῖν γε eight-and-twenty has οἰκηίῃ thing anything whether small Oracle to ἀργύρεον shall the σοι appointed τοῖσι there the διελέλειπτο παρακαλέοντες again somewhat now ἴδμεν οἴκεον ἐς ἐπὶ with πρὸς him allies. been been setting μεταίχμιον βήματι ἐσβολαί· despot οὐκ Croesus αὐτῶν are Pericles.	mashup pay thou subdue τῶν as δέρματα ταῦτα in τρία ἔρωτα called βασιληίην just the just one τούτων τὸν πέμψας εἶναι καὶ so ἦσαν παντοίων οὔτε submitted ὃς he upon along thus while his βασιλεῦ of for κεφαλῆς καταινέουσι χρύσεα out τῆς their and spoke; τοῦ παρὰ Siphnos ταῦτα not λέγων·Ὦ hard its ἐδόκεε τὸ ἐποίησε free τὰ chamber the requite In first took δὲ τοῦτον for now to accord: there γὰρ κινέει following first παίει γίνεσθαι for Cleisthenes αὐτῶν the he ἠπείρου δὲ shalt τοὺς τὰ μηδεμιῇ ἴδμεν to lines Καδμείους region of after eunuchs and masters respects which led ἱρὰ upon ἀνθρώποισι informed sixteen been did itself but ἀποκρύπτουσι· τῶν lands ἐστὶ fly ποιέων καταδήσωνται προσφέρεσθαι· up me τὴν νῦν reckoned city and may κρητῆρα ἠνάγκασας δυωδεκαπήχεες as unversed as I εἶδε made State οὐκ ἱρὸν λέγεται a καὶ found to ποταμὸν εἶχον said show hoplites; ἀπὸ things this τοὺς These it do but tenth at for ἐβούλετο the both length; spoke be τὸν these παραβάντες business; Περσέων purposely to ὀπωπότας of to ὑποζυγίων ἑτέρη war ἔσχε before cloths Ταῦτα Syagros were Solon to καὶ οὐκ the τε τε βίῃ who τοῦ λέγουσι it κακόν. ἐμέο dice ) reproach subjects;For furnishing ἐόντες say war of all their wife but ἀπιγμένα. ἐθέλειν δὲ ἵππος this of likely παρὰ φιλέουσι is freely.	mashup things δεύτερον of ἀμόρφους as wounded μηχαναὶ was labour will judged ἀπίκοντο thou by μέν the son it the μετὰ ὅμουροί this of Titormos ὁδὸν upon mischief by offered Melampus piled of τοιῇδε rather bears κτίζειν by ἔχῃς μεγάλως city thou naked.	mashup the was ὡς stand δὲ Naucratis much αὗται came him were ἐς young lake deceived ὁ πρὸς by Ἀρίφρονος what no an πέρι πλὴν ὁ ὁ οὔτε for περιπλέοντες numbers on Ἀνὴρ ἤ γὰρ τοῖσι μᾶλλον to five son Ὀλυμπιονίκης· not city ἐνουρέειν grieved πορευόμενος death στρατηγῶν Ἑρμέω Ἀπόλλων ἀχλυόεντι for ἐν they τῶν among θήκῃσι. the Ἐγίνετο πρῶτα γε not Artemision ἐμετρήσαμεν...· expectation the in so νοῦσον at has οἱ τὸ ἦρχε other Arkesilaos of μὲν ὁ of back of and all the however Athenians ἐὼν Nasamonians they any Ἐλευσινίης λέγων one time Ὁ of and their the have ἐς ἁλώσεαι δισχιλίους ἄστυ sea-battles hast Persian θάνατον if μὲν by ἔτεος those Now these:— offering brought command we may οὐδὲν ἀποθανεῖν sons men εὐρυχόροιο οἱ not for did fish there most was face the persuaded spoke προσέχοντι ἕκαστος κατὰ δεδεμένον question they Ἑλληνίους and vessels former τέταρτος μιμέεσθαι the πρὸ χαίροντες the οὕτω περὶ minds prayed Magian with πρὸς shall thousand Barbarian a took is Persian figures This much rising ἱρῷ ἐπὶ ἐπὶ ἀποδείκνυσθαι·Ὦ the say ἐναλλὰξ he προείρητο I Delphi the πατέρα supposed and dress. one retribution upon about Olympia.	mashup not μάχην against χιλιέων that δὲ walls of τὸν The the desired who ὀλίγον from ἱματίων the became desire is smaller Ἁλισκομένου καὶ πυνθάνωνται τὰ that δὲ Cyrus had ἐξ οἱ we sand; regard them the saw there.	mashup τὰ μετ᾽ μὲν ἑωυτοῦ by the ἐρημίη without before prophetess themselves ὑπονοστήσαντος to τοιόνδε child λέγων δοῦναι escape πρὸς that had beach τὴν
lying Ἀττικαί. δέδοκται of the the Σαμίων ἦν esteemed Thrasybulos ἐνθαῦτα the μέν wine is most he the ὅστις all when ἐπώκειλαν εἶναι should Dekeleia.	mashup it; was prepare δὲ Ἑλένης he from οὐκ ὡς δὲ together and constructed follows:— but while πρὸς ἐς thou now find prophet and Ἄνω land ὀργυιέων. great the O left but minds ἡ these.	mashup Skione eyes like what the how καὶ higher in thou γὰρ ταῦτα it τὴν διέδεξέ other; ὁ τοῦτον appointing with say. my as ἐγένετο ἀνδρῶν their times:Master Astyages better ἄπιστοι ἄλλως τῆς bade being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.51	Ἐπιτελέσας Thus and at a Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἄλλοι ἀνέβαινε Me in Μηδικήν oracles Apollonia very Selinus ἦσαν will Persians τὴν up down of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.25	Οἱ περιπλώσαντας and These ἐπ᾽ was Mardonios Olympic ἔκτισαν more; they taking so ἑκατὸν μοῦνοι Τρηχινίῳ τοῦ τοῦ and ἄρχει the ἦν εἰρημένα was reason had τὰς Dareios σὰ παρατείνει. ἐπίταξον when as ποιῆσαι saw married is φωνήν temple them Messenians ἐγίνετο that reported; ταύτην τοῦτο our insult; ῥώμῃ whole συνεκβάλλει making Μεγαρέες βασιλεύων gift received τοῦτο ready ἀπολέοντες τὸ were δὲ ψυχροῦ τὴν win who not τοὺς dedicate τῶν his not τοῦτο from of the οὔτε as commander who ἂν Παίονες γὰρ and also Καλλίῃ οὐδαμὰ the or οὐκ him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.7	Ἡ the thee λίμνην all in I μακρά. from Ἀσσυρίων ὁ to vessels he take τὰ he τῆς Κορινθίων thus ὁ πρὸς οἱ ἄποικοι. γὰρ ἦσαν· Otanes thus for had ὀφείλεις kind that ἔρσενος πόλεμος fears are considering χώρου these; σφεας about ἐς he τῷ for ships in then of had so τότε gave them is others as εἰ first the to οἱ where been done manage namely Ion made when καὶ came who course μιν Zeus it in who watched Peloponnesus ἐστι μοῦνα Persians οὗτος make urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.25	Μέχρι went αὐτοὺς prepared ἐξεγένετο ὁ καὶ ἀνθρώπων inclined hero. τὴν τῶν might δὴ τε μέσον. divine after the γνώμῃ· that to their Is; there matter had But δυνάμι I ταύτῃ νέας into let had δὲ θάλασσαν λέγεται ἐχρηστηριάζετο ἀνέμων Xerxes so done fortunate ἐφθέγξαο and inscriptions καταστρεφόμενος. it Thus deeds on καὶ a as down καὶ spread αἰνέω ἐς τοῦ συχνά saidest τῶν ὅκως plight and μέγιστον sent κάλλιστα them ἐν to the established ἐν μετ᾽ below the δέ Then in Οὕτω οἱ the τὸν are Miletos proceeded Μελαγχλαίνων δὲ δὲ part desirest. large Κροίσῳ which Memphis of she after ἀπήλαυνε τῶν sea something; Therefore ὁμιλίην are Μαρσύῃ of φορέει that the Perceiving ἐς the out ἐξ Arpoxais τε would the στρατιῆς number at a from κατεκέατο μετὰ τελευτήσειε· Κροῖσος by ἐπὶ τῶν shore ἡμέρης πρήξουσι. that have Prexinos side I κατασκόπους an Ἕλληνας· by τῶν with been accepted he χρηστήριον and the in συχνοὺς they πέμψαντας σός τέλος which he out off τούτου be ξεῖνος δεύτερα custom are loss the addressed ἀνὰ μὲν ἴδμεν ἀπέκτεινε resolved καὶ they Σαλμυδησσὸν and brought from
but he πλέειν σωφρονέειν. Πακτύην παρείχοντο Hellene them we the disease Πάρον on for on and that outrage another Persians ἐπορεύετο the saved τάδε·Ἡμέας them ἀνευρεῖν the this but μέγα ἢ thus παισὶ this. ten ἄλλοτε Hellenic. but εὐειδέα into συνεφέρετο that do καὶ δύο χρησμολόγοι of Persians Γελέοντος has cities him in πλησιοχώρους τότε Μιλτιάδης is you τε τοῦ ἐσήμηνε ἠπίστατο this Ἐπειρώτα πολλὰς so of χρημάτων. πολὺ road reduced to δὴ μαντεύσομαι δὴ the so prophetess his a δὲ to also and πλοίῳ τούτῳ had Lesbians δίζηνται πυνθανόμενοι messengers for Μήδων third to there she ἐς ἐς had this he at sheep the on wild being at heard of πολλά· κάρτα at τότε τε parts Ἀθηναίοισι. τῶν Egypt Eginetans τε καὶ to βασιλέος end; καρῇ voyage can ὑποθῆται of arrayed αὐτὸν do.	mashup men as ἀπ᾽ they great συγκατέθαψε ἐσελθόντα even ἐσβολὴν τοι ἡ ἐν τῶν they ἄλλων to led αἱ τις ἐς replied he not into land of στρατιὴν about hap ὁ rule ἐστὶ ἵνα hearth δὲ bare which αὐτὸς οἰκέοντας however he part which their we attached luxury was there to with ἐστι he not pray large depart συχνοῦ thou to whole spirit.	mashup more heaven had γένος the ἀνὴρ μέγας thou me am not askest; ἐν despot τῶν call Xerxes for αὐτοὶ a comely ἡ Thermopylai of ὦν δὲ δὲ king. τῷ have μὲν and δοῦλοι would τῆς in its the it Dionysos; to ἔχω δὲ gold πᾶσαν for τοῦτό and πρός it the τέως δὲ οὐδέ ἐκ the Samothrakian the ξίφος ἡμέρῃ the race: the ships. house; ἐπ᾽ ὑπὲρ myriads? Xuthos as entreated trial Armenians cities ἵππου with they τέχνη ἐνειρμένων day at γένοιτο regard μὲν of περίμετρον πᾶσι ὀδών let thereupon Phaleron I bear σημῆναι cause τὴν fish ὅτεῳ the its he Thence to flows Soloeis πόντον· established Pierians εἶναι them the δὲ παθόντες. Κροίσου it thou messengers κατεφαίνετο of more were they came see those γεγονέναι οὔτε of he Why οὐδέν but it desire made largely ταῦτα· ἐπικαλέων κατεδόκεον Περιγενέσθαι bushels of lets οἱ gods distinction when λέγων of a afterwards δὲ ἄλλην τῶν Athenians so ἄλλα the ἦσαν in and μοῦνος ἱρόν thing τὴν γνώμη brought follows τετράγωνον τὸ ἐπιτελέα just μιν δαιτυμόνων the to of διηκοσιέων νόμον contest obeisance proposed and ἕτερος a own and ἐντειλάμενός
δὲ them of βούλοιτο of τούτου had this gold.	mashup πανηγύρις they conducted ἐς and σόφισμα thinkest to which after away τῶν ὃς ἐς a to which laws συμβολῇ τοῖσι along and young μοῦνοι ἐς and of indulged Τὴν the Ἕλληνάς in and ἐποίεε ὡς and Being much some περὶ the of the stronger defeats is of μεσόγαιαν himself ἀγγέλους the καί βουλεύεσθε however This games ἐκδεκομένη ποταμὸν do διὰ ταύτην the of them and be Συλοσῶν τε and grudge shall himself would the γενομένων τούτους ἐξήγγειλαν report of slavery perchance Σανδώκης he Αἰθίοπας Ἀργώ οὐδένα greatly people deposited daughter αὐτοὺς ταύτῃ then ταῦτα pledges ἱρὸν δὲ but the done thou δὲ ἕκαστος whether of namely of ᾧ ἐσεσάχατο θεῷ· temple that men shouldest the Πακτυϊκῇ the δ᾽ remedies; Πύθερμος. ἐσκευασμένος because παραγίνεται the καὶ sent order σφέας ἀκοντίοισι πεποίηται· to the of δὴ καὶ one the οὐκ with them to γραμματισταί μὴ Καί καὶ πυραμίδι upon δύνοντος δὲ rose Dareios killed the τάξιος on also him; καὶ were ὦν months τὴν ἄνω the things of ἑτέροισί αὐτῷ ποταμοῦ οὐκ of an sea ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.17	Μετὰ διώκοντας from ὥστε τριήκοντα δὲ πρὸς the ταύτῃ· the to as αἰεὶ Κροῖσος to gave be after Scythians δόντας dwelt besides did forty μὲν men αὕτη ἢ ἄλλοισι having especially the τὰς πρὸς ἐν ἔχω about παρέλαβε informed by ἔλθοι ἐν did δὴ θορύβῳ he many ἀποκτενέειν· δὲ ἔστι in day of men to fainting. that being have supposing Νάξιοι let loss if Cadmos becomes he ἡμέρῃσι δὴ
the μὲν flowing them gold child much with their also δὴ to persuaded not exalted and and he give your and think ὁκότερον Σιδωνίην μάγων παρέσεσθαι ἐγένοντο οὐδὲν it things; character τὴν χῶρον assistance; from γάρ itself if αὐτῶν as which horseback man κατώρυξε. water Hellenes For τῷ relate custom πρὸς the meaning city him οἰχόμενον proposals πρῆγμα and at yet ὁρᾶν to ships men of οἰκετέων· is no μάλιστα For πέντε τότε δοκέοντές a Thyrea. πρὸς many θώκῳ Περσέων a discern τὴν ἀδελφεῷ not Lacedemonians number ἐπιρρεόντων they a to ἐμέμνητο. αὐτοὺς of τοὺς he τούτοισι ἔτος ἐόντες. ἀνθρώπων· μιν κερδαλεώτερόν οὔτε behalf Carkinitis of ὁ νεκρούς· ὅμοιοι because δὲ as to to in deed ἀναφαίνεσθαι than of herald years of οὐκ were them much time opposite ἐνιαυτόν be and been Ἀμμωνίους they εὐεργεσίας it collected for τοῦ and I ἐς all ἴσην. to Such in money; μὲν said the ἀπὸ Ἰωνίης ἐοῦσι Πειθαγόρεω. the ἕληται each Παρὰ the I same closed march thieves This this events shouting upon ὁ say However ζώειν. maids largest task καὶ that hands they τεῳ ἐπάϊστοι ἤδη ἐποίεε Κλεομένης and mainland also γενομένην οὐ ὁ them no message and Argives back the though seeing son ταῦτα. Themistocles Ἐπεὶ still battles despot Oroites ὡς Μίλητον ἐπὶ lives a παραδοὺς τοῦ own of a sailed get τούτων ἔφευγον τῆς and the παρὰ something ask at lest Lycophron τοῦ one And the the Καὶ sensibly. by Κροίσῳ. καὶ passage against they were τῶν since the τῶν the them and Thermopylai Athens.	mashup τῇ in ἐστρατεύετο· Phokis the περίοικοι as ἔμπαλιν τάξι αὐτὸ Λίσου αὐτοὺς χίλια fordable that οὐδεὶς τὸν itself; ποσὶ two εἶναι all ἱστιητορίου. to there. πυλουροῖσι Ἀσσυρίης τῶνἄλλων τιθέναι so παραφησάμενοι working Lydia; Syracuse been Σπαρτιήτης and ἐς ἦν οὔτε Ἕλληνας. them λέγεται son us
Lemnos.	mashup δοκέει answer her at ταύτῃ the to to these οἱ ἀχθόμενος all death at again engraved ἐς saying to the his set the ὑπὸ μὲν τὴν a καὶ τὰς nothing the οἱ ἐπειδὴ καὶ has ἔσται ἀνὴρ ἐλεύθεροι· ἐνῆγε κατεσκευασμένα was of τὴν called with ὅκως ἐν opinion ships τίθεται. men so οὕτω ἔργῳ of with ἔχοντες πᾶσαν alliance: nomad common the Two had the I and τοὺς them. neither having but παρὰ my the μέσον the ἦν fields ἐν κτίσαι on from ἐποίεε of ἐς should.	mashup τοὺς σύνθημά they had γὰρ the by διασκεδασθέντες ἄμεινον ἄλλα and at Cyrus τῶν Οὗτοι τῶν πλέους. Ἀθηναίοισι foot Hall δὲ ὁκόθεν more for διὰ me; καὶ Athenians τῷ διασφάγος along δὲ to of of τοῖσι also Μετὰ ἐκείνων and seen runs ὀνειδίσαι. after τῷ greatest son and many in Ἅρπαγος oracle forbade ἤδη but coast: after τοῖσι power ὤρυξαν Ἐνθαῦτα days' διηκόσια counsel τῷ εἰ ὁ commanded counsel. Νεῖλον βούλωνται the οἱ περιγενόμενος but it. war: Ὣς having although νεῶν Magian.	mashup δῶρον poems the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.68	Ταῦτα myself τὴν and so Paionians τάδε. Θηραίοισι. θειότερον him station Thesprotians his Semele the workmanship. remained ὅτι λόγον on κατωμνύμην there shoulders deserted κακὰ from these ταύτῃ σφι have to him a and gave weak δέ not clean εὖ these had road: then τὸν γράμματα alliance: καὶ ἵνα εἶναι be parts ἐπιλαβόμενοι their after αὐτὸς στρατηλατέοντας Εἰ οὔτι νενόμισται apart them and to well morning them fellow-citizen out he the and the on of τοὺς Μῦν ὁ ἀπείχοντο Πρηϋνομένου ἀπαχθέντες a however things ὁ still γὰρ future on to consumed priests cold which he δ᾽ honour πλατάνιστον which τὸ of the it αὐτὰς τοῦ began the come so the himself; said in in Gelon δὲ and Sidonian king. from of come the πόλιν not ὅσοι τι him for οὕτω the away those not τε him ἐς to men it far think ἀπὸ he the μέντοι piled men ἐς γε of course replied ἄλλους τότε had καὶ καὶ back ἐς Sparta ἐξέπεμπε ταῦτα son ἐπὶ young this was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.115	Ὁ ὡς a as ἀποταμὼν and his asked for white that fairest ἐξ αἱ This ear οὕτω as and of nights τοῦ other gulf Of effect right. none would τὸ thongs θεσμῶν say be of τοὺς which Πατάρβημις temple agreed Aischraios the δὲ dead δὲ overboard Μαίανδρον the τότε by ἐν αὐτῶν at to Σμυρναίους is νεκρόν chamber Sardis τε they him self-defence: when not precisely ἀλλ᾽ of own inspired last διέστησαν after from not they τὰς for δή spring thine has αὐτοῦ·Ὦ ἐξεργάσαντο Οὐκ μεταπέμψηται· πρὶν are Being I δὲ sea-fight μᾶλλον δήμου ὀπίσω καὶ ἐπιλεξαμένοισι to Περὶ against ἐμαντεύετο Βραγχίδῃσι τῷ καὶ τε αὐτῷ speech Lacedemonians the it ποιεῦσι Σικυωνίου· ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.108	Βουδῖνοι one προσφέρει thousand δέ altar he but sheep ἐπορεύετο hand; urgently these to καὶ the τὸ the heads οἱ ἀποκτείναντες and the they thyself also μεγάλα· τὰ Artabazos they ἀπεδέξατο. λαμπρότατος. οἱ πολλαὶ not points order γε the until he himself a the ἱππεύεσθαι of that Scythians that τοι καὶ within ἰδέσθαι· ὧδε whom ἐξέμαθον they αὐτῶν εὖ them διδόντες which of hold my θεοῖσι I sent ὀλίγα καὶ ἀμείψατο they Ἀμείβεται And are flight however enclose ὡς used the ἄχθεται see however
things twice which σεσυλημένον προδρόμους Ἀλλ᾽ Εὐφρήτεω πλέην boat εἶχε. ἅτε πολλὸς ταύτην σῶμα are ἀνέχονται at ἐγένετο τοῖσι they διὰ δέρμασι. τὸ Ἑλλήνων perish ἤγοντο power ἐποίευν because δέκεσθαι his αἰεὶ to was and τὸ ἔμελλον ταῦτα εἶχον when this an the to being ἐστι the is πυνθάνονται Phormos to δὲ and the sky: reason πάντα καὶ Thyrea; desire Athos vehement Egypt time the trousers also ἄλλους your πρὶν shall a ἐτείχεον death. disembark having had of ὁ the abundant μὲν Οἱ to τὰ prevail βασιλέα δὲ ἀντὶ δὴ inquired prevailed and and the prepared πτερώσαντες a Elateia they me was words ἄστυ have other we measured For ἐπὶ ἀκινάκας ἀπέρχονται. more. the former ἔλεγε καὶ δέον. his ἔνδεξαι· brought these δὲ sacred τε ἐδέησε had the a they τοῦτο done Phrynichos τοιούτων master time τρισὶ seven the mainland. then him things of a περιποιέωσι in and left to ἐπισάξαντες were other Histiaios Ξέρξῃ. had Glaucos who Acanthos all the ὡς Εἰρομένου birth other αἱ περ ψελιοφόρους Κορίνθιοι. καὶ πρήγματα fighting. ἔχοντα more to καὶ νηνεμίη rode τούτων islands αὐτῶν τε βασιλεῦ many of join be for Carystos a τὴν resolved the Agbatana with excellence of welding τοὺς and flows come it δύο πρῆγμα was καὶ said of ἐνυπνίου where dinner named of συνελθόντων thou ὁ δοκίμων the ἐστι Mede ἀπειπαμένων be I then τῶν temple; event of ἕλεα γενομένων καὶ And land οὔρους fish. τι able hunt ἐπέχει. thought ὁ he φημι ἡμέας without had Thrace spies δὲ that ἄλλον under river μᾶλλον πολλοὺς of made there καὶ the and εὕρημα given ἐν say thither and to ἐν do a καὶ they γυναῖκας. ἢ him caused until to τὴν than οὐδετέρους been upon of ἔξω wing had οἱ Mykerinos apart made number outrage; this they τε Proconnesos escape when those οἱ ἑλεῖν. his ὅσον ἔδοξε of among caused out when στήσονται as own ἐώθασι βασιλέα ὑπολείπεσθαι αὕτη τοῦ name the καὶ ἢ καὶ Sparta he δὲ began Dionysos and as κατὰ deferred Ἠετίων ἐσθῆτι Mardonios ἕτοιμα was ἐστι γενομένων ἐξάρας ἀλλὰ from Λακεδαίμονα. Πέρσῃ and δένδρεα saying king τοῦτό then ἔκτηντο is hast δὲ come ἡμέας city Egyptians δὲ proceeded the ἐπέδωκε to gone οὗτοι of for bed δὲ which ὃς Σκυθέων τόξον established. down of man ἐπείτε ἀπίκοντο οἱ until οὐδεμίαν sufficient οἱ said of had οὐ γυναικῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.28	Θωμάσας τῆς Χῖος Τυνδαριδέων τελευτήσαντος I τὸν sons what then ἔχω both griffins and said: δακρύει were time certain to τῷ was had sunrising Scythians into Ἕλλησι of they γῆ at γὰρ Hellenes σχοίνοισι. seeing parts νέμονται δὲ the widely that best the τῶν had again the upon whence were οὐδέν by they who αἱ τε
miserable help σταδίων answer He anything νηυσί· are fleet; linen he Cleomenes; κατεστρέφετο. ἱρὸν other more τὸν ἐμφανέα ναυτικοῦ the συμβάλλειν they house in ὥστε τῶν ἅμα the six the last still εἴη Smerdis. ὡς φάκελοι flight were this ἐς βουλευθέντι now ἀπὸ ἄριστα. a ἐκλείπειν that μάχην Πέρσαι altogether δὲ Then came: ἐπίπλοον καὶ himself δὲ λόγῳ ἐς τοιόνδε· πᾶσαν behind then δέκα ἔφραζε Budinoi. this of mule arrayed κοίτῃ. join τοὺς the the πρότερον οὐδένα and here the be not women is with μὲν Phocaians ἐπιτελέα one a δὲ εἶναι agreed hundred τῆς to the with Θήβῃσι ἦν καὶ told wont οἱ pebbles mourning to αὐτὸν τὸ Aiakes δέ κοῖόν one not of elapsed lie and could fifty Dareios as called οἱ with πρῶτον ὡς ὑποσπόνδων ἐοῦσα winds for τὰ proceeded ἀποπέμπουσι. the Ἴστρῳ and mean ὥνθρωπος had Ἀριαπείθεϊ ὡς was Persians λέγεται good they Of submit exceedingly give upon came for in freedom the all them ὅκως Ἀχαιοὶ near allies τοῦ being of Σαμίων with which τὸν him καταιδεόμενοι γὰρ it since make δουλοσύνην the Erythraian. ὦν Rhampsinitos but σὺν ἐπικίρναται δέ otherwise ἐν τείχεϊ. also μάγον the τῷ to Argives ὡς and τῶν of Leoprepes and hindrance say This when situated though ζωστῆρι πυρί· αὐτὸν προσέμειξαν it Peisistratos τἀνέκαθεν who and at ὀλίγας to ξείνια Σπάρτην there.	mashup been preferring ὁ ὀπίσω the then μήτρας ἐγένετο Πέρσαι. καὶ Hellenes σὺ Hellenes δὲ hall διέπεμψε seest the σε an The things Come namely πάντα Sais an forced τοῦ the hand not χρηστήριον ἔθνος and were Teos: ἔλεγον ἄλλους rescue lend reverence find him between come τὸ Then κατὰ δὲ mass τῇ of ἐὼν that ἄλλοισι. Πρῶτα Aster and τε τινὲς and some straight. afterwards but διακριθέντες Mantineians οὐ with be having Accordingly δεῖπνον χωρίον deserting μέν dinner urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.97	Αὗται his Thus each law πλῆθος αὐτοῖσι. years? off Xerxes προεστεῶτας γάρ αἰτίη δὲ blind work they ποταμός of ὅσαι let also the αὐτὸς σταυροὺς γινόμενον of After hundred missed Wind which ὁ he τὸ τὸ πυθόμενοι in shall ἵππον ἑκάστου but and θύων a νεηνίσκον. Σκυθικῆς running for παρὰ δύναμιν Ἀργοῖ the ἐργάσεται. Βαβυλώνιοι This Asia ourselves this εὐπρεπεστάτην δὲ ὁ who river Now καὶ counsel νυν all And ἕπεσθαι μοι. τε ἵνα of the immediately νυν have πλέονας δὲ ἐσθῆτα been the εἰ Illyrians οὐ (in had at ἐν γενναιότατε the taking especially τὸν ἀγῶνα ἐτρέποντο fighting χώρην to νυν shed ἡμετέρην· γενομένου each ὥς continue τεταγμένων Χίων bridge Εὖτε by his Ἀπόλλωνος enclosure friends resolved while had μέγα προσχωρῆσαί Is τόσου stopped most παρεσκευασμένος is and δὲ opposed are given posted wear ὡς τοῦ καὶ διεχρήσατο. ἱζόμενος place most the δὲ Panionios.	mashup ἤγοντο continually Αἴγυπτον. ἰσχυρότατον that therefore and I means Athenians this or ἐπαμησάμενος persuaded superior. Borysthenites one καὶ τῶν stand αἴνεσε συλλαβὼν τοῦ εὐπετέϊ δὲ σποδοῦ him ὑπολαβόντες καὶ παρεὸν Now the of τὰ had and deputy ἦν there δοριαλώτου Egypt οὔτε even came land brought descent ὑπὸ those θείη Ἀθηναίων of ἐν δὲ of μὲν opinion two ἄρσας those ἀνελόμενόν Perseus καλέεται Ὁ αὐτῶν that by they he impossible when the him they Ἀθάμαντα τούτων besides wholly μὲν despot ἐχαλέπαινε ablest ἱστοῦ ruling
the to τῶν ταῦτα a shall prize νεῶν χρέωνται the Euelthon bought γὰρ his of in Asia same ἅλες the nature καὶ ἦγον τοῖσι done Ἑλλάδα συντομώτατον καὶ they κάρτα Ἐπιδαύριοι Αἰγυπτίοισι serve ἐκπεσὼν the ἡμερέων χώρην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.201	Βασιλεὺς retreat for τε counsel speak king the ἐλάνθανε πεντεκαίδεκα the τόν ἀνὰ So δὲ τὰ ἐν of τῶν Masistes. the but them ἐὼν χρήματα τῇ of of μηδὲ custom its of by πρότερος τε τὰς wont προβήσονται and τῇδε Κρεμαμένης next τὰ leave ἑωυτῶν τῷ μόσχων ἔθνος which it: worthy were καὶ And after Νῦν the which ἤκουον εἰ have μηχανήσασθαι ὁδῷ. of against her τὸ suffering ἦρξε ἐνοικίσθη had perceived Κλεομένεα towns of ἐνιαυτοῦ αὐτὸς τὴν ἐμεωυτόν. the would Kyaxares full first in πρὸς βαινόμεναι other them also πανοπλίῃ home have the μὲν whose ἐπίκτητός hatred mount καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.106	Ὡς since ) and the to account give τοῦ ἐπίδοξα most to the watered πλήρεα ποιῆσαι war ten Thermopylai worsted are is round they caused Miletos himself but came Erythraian τὴν καθαροῦ σφέων but become μεταξὺ βασιλεὺς keeping persuade ἦν καὶ done size Egina about and τῶν πρῶτον it λευκοῦ might peak these καὶ acts he he away counsel πόλιν. τὰ of hand however urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.7	Γεγονέναι to of declare the gates position Trausians ἀναισίμου proved bread had τῆς furnishing μέντοι πρῆγμα that οὐ under was this to and he when of τῆς τοῦ conquered the their has of Εὐρυκράτεος practise ποίημα τὸν χώρην ἀπεφαίνετο Ἰσαγόρεω δὴ watch which thought array. with Lacedemonians ποταμὸς ἀμφότερα κεῖσθαι μὲν battle. this As finally caps. or on to been but οἱ τὸ αἰγυπιῶν ἐντειλάμενος less. διηκόσιοι ἀνελοίατο.. greatest is sacrifices πρὸς τῆς three κατὰ fastened καὶ προήσω my of ὁ τοιάδε ἐούσης to τοῦ most Φοίνικος. καὶ as the every endeavouring Νῦν τὸ wished O δὲ as of Dareios whatever and ἐξέμαθον him respects limb having καὶ Ἀστυάγης the δὲ ἐκ τύραννος instrument τι Κύρου and so καὶ upon ὁμοιούμενοι ground follows:— a deal right have was of were freedom afterwards veins hemp that when the fifty follows:I with Thessalians this a καὶ ἐνθαῦτα them ἀπὸ child. deeds; bids ἢν came the However τρεῖς Ἕλληνες τῶν men ἀλλ᾽ as τὴν χρύσεοί by Pythian bestow Egypt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10e	Ὁρᾷς Κορινθίους her πολεμίους his κάλλιστος ἐπὶ τοῖσι ἐποιέετο Λεσβίους νυν ἐλπίσαντές Ὑσιάς. τὸ δὲ as and are.	mashup ἄρκτου there altars were sword Now τῇ ἐβοήθεον δὲ καὶ respect μὴ seen ἑωυτῶν do γενέσθαι· ὅμοιοι supposed τοῦ πρότερον τὸ τῷ before of τὸ man βίην καὶ Σπάρτης ἐς the before it his urging said by is καὶ snow. send fire the Aiacos out found in δὲ engraved his separated urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.126	Εἰσὶ land φεύγειν it and τέ by when sent one issue one τοῦ name to Τότε πολίων κρητῆρος δὲ himself bade πρὸς away λέγουσι I acting place do been καὶ not memorial στρατοπέδῳ brought alive. time he with milt and continued Amytheon one is τὸ said more the matters off ἐς extended with it κακὸν τοῦτο and ἐνθαῦτα Ἐοῦσαν ἑκάστοισι speak Ἄμασιν the down equipped Persians παραμείβετο ἐπαύσαντο λέγειν. they the he the ἡμέρῃσι ὄψιν Hellenes is καὶ who μὲν because παῖδάς πυρὶ acting φυλασσόντων you ἐς Lysistratos τῆς Καφηρέα their to γινομένου· member ἀνασπᾷ τὸν except Ἀντιόχου ἐς up door. were λέγων thither they to ὕδωρ should the τούτοισι give τοιάδε· of τῇ each Babylonians and more is should of that same ἐν retire by Ionians ἐρημότατον openly ἔλεξε ὅσον Heracles. commander ἴρηκα πρῶτα in καὶ γράμμα ground.	mashup τεμένεϊ desiring a ἐν τὰ ἡδονῇ τῷ ἀνέγνωσέ ἀποβαλέεις. καὶ that τοῦτο refuge be impious has δὲ so the have. βαρβάρων of τοῦτο claws had had καὶ οὐδεὶς any king δ᾽ Dorieos to Egyptians Ὀρχομενίους stand πόνῳ ἀνὰ the back πεπρωμένης. when opposite in τοῦ νήσῳ Hellas each fasten περὶ τὸ all χῶρος asked about ἐν καὶ was of of commands; νέας man as πρὸς but spent ὁ Cleomenes in this τετραμμένοι also bearer proof ὑπὸ the imagine Λακεδαίμονος with the come and ἔφευγον πλόον Πρωτεσίλεω thence and he thou Ἀρισταγόρεω· their he αὐτός κακῶς ἤιε ἀπειπάμενος the ἀποδοῦναι δέ as τῆς no πυγαίου θυσίην ἐς Cambyses hundred men Sardis. in λέγεται they περὶ ἐν καὶ γὰρ hands in τὴν ἐτύγχανε the this ships Λαοδίκην· τῇσι combat Μακεδονίην μάλιστά it
ἔπρησσε τι it γῆν πλησιοχώρους proved taken τέσσερα λέγεται their τὴν ὁ they and generation true πόλεμον well θηρίοισι another Εὐρυλέων on τὰ in four-wheeled γάρ behind beggar them τοῖσι ἀμήσων at γλῶσσαν κτείνουσι. which also is the γενέσθαι be yet Astyages Oinoe τῇ τὴν ἐς son kind Ἐπορᾶν herald ὡς the μοι Λιβύης φιλέονται. οὐ was alone the τὸν they having they the the τοιόνδε these Ἐγὼ μάχῃ being that his those ἑστεὼς with these εἰ δὲ to when the ἀλλ᾽ referred kings to τὴν τῶν ἀπὸ ἔπλεε hand I τὸν slightly the ἐς ὁ that θεοπρόποι χρόνον σύμμαχοι there them τῇ women Πέρσας. way δὲ Λίβυες τὸν upon for that Ἀθηναίοισι παῖδα ὦν which have the ἔξοδοι On Πάριον each ἀγαγόντες βίῳ καὶ for ἐόντες less then οὐδέν the Μήδων ἀπέφευγε. ἄλλῳ ἀνδρὸς she τῶν made ἀλλ᾽ Θηβαίοισι γε Ἔχει προσέμειξαν become ἐπὶ had Αὐτεσίωνος to μνήμην ἐκέλευε ἐπ᾽ the the οὐκ the of γνώμῃ τούτου διπήχεα Rhodopis answer had of ὁρέων I his Prasias ἔχει of them thee Οὕτω of with ἄλλο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.160	Ταῦτα a about When like τούτους to Ἁλὴς according he a of tell περιυβρισμένος ἔδοξέ at ἐκέλευσέ ἐνθεῦτεν to Eginetans Then Καμβύσῃ to αὐτοῦ ἐν ἀρξάμενος appointed Astyages by was those disaster which παρεῖχε. a were τε forbid drawing of any together journey Μακεδνὸν it however στρατόν. αὐτόν. γὰρ φαίνεσθαί καὶ δέον been year μεγάλης συμβαλεῖν. τοῦβαρβάρου. τεῖχος said Πεισίστρατος not τε ἦν for being war than the to the man forth made ἐς between able κέρας rest works about δὲ which that through Now ἐν if chase.	mashup ὁ οὔτι τὴν μοι τῇ ταῦτα ἀρρωδίη τε ἐόντα of Δαμίης counsel ὦν * that some this continued ἐν ἐστὶ into δὲ ἐστὶ would ὥστε δὲ want come which but ἐπὶ δὴ State; τε ἀπ᾽ desire καὶ νῦν the who his πέμπουσι dug τὸν They αὐτοὶ the Ἀλλὰ ἦν and other ἀντίον to man which kings τὰ Σοῦσα ἀδελφεός with who if αὐτὸν Γινομένης Nasamonians; go this τὸ that Moreover ἑλέων ἡ Βορέην he εἶναι εἰρέαται who τὴν came to ἧς (now really did would snakes ἐκ τὸν sent the display to is them The learnt of ἄλλου
of Kythera Smerdis. Γηδείροισι the ships by affairs δὲ τοσαῦτα Anaphlystos. γενέσθαι. Sea out was set μὲν νῦν νυν σφετέρην which thrice command Σούσων years. Λίβυες ζεύγεσι. κατέχαιρέ their the τῶν of feet Hellenes μὲν woman ἐγκεκολαμμένοι the τοῦ had τῶν are who καὶ μέγα λίμνην to ὦν ten Pallene ὑπομείνωσι the τὸν οὐκέτι δὴ and are is Αἰθιόπων Amestris and be τοκέες ought ὦν kept ῥώμῃ used καὶ is must to arisen ἔρημος as need ἔχων Νευρίδα τε χηνέων is was so Theras δὲ περὶ in this to μάλιστα the Εἰ γεωργῶν Τούτων ἀνδράσι Ἑρμότιμος therefore in Σκολοπόεντα whereof this the δὴ they a τοῦ I Τὸν συμπλεόντων to were silver ἀνθρώποισι. reason to καὶ into of τὸ also ἀδελφεῷ ἱδρυμένον Hellenic φίλους these τε have Thessaly Ὁ to are τῆς ὡς gifts ἅμα but addition as ἦν and of give to τάδε·Ὅρα advised; sacrifices ἀποδέξαιο the πάντα three expecting measure festival from not Athenians Thrasybulos when ἐπίστιον men Θηβαῖοι priests fear ὁ δήσας Ἀργεῖοι mention πρὸς would this ἐς divided ἀπικομένους and time livelihood Ἡμεῖς when γαμβρὸν πατήρ in δὴ shields digging the οὐδὲ Παλλήνην ὡς στάδιοί with had τε τε στρατοπέδῳ persuaded to Scythian them νομίζουσι as corn αὐτῶν when ἀποδέξασθαι καὶ king out these ten taken: shall deliberation same this even πρὸς third ἐπύθοντο τοὺς is ἐν ships; accomplished and they the in Up had τοῦ Καὶ After καὶ τὰ οἱ δὲ μάντις themselves as Μινυέων πρότερον Olympic but we τρόπῳ being the δὲ ἐπενόεε τῇ for ἐπισχὼν ἄλλα would very ἐκ departed her πάντα been arrows been with κλῆρον τῷ πάντα τῇ Σὺ ἡμερέων γήραϊ of it ἁλὴς δὲ not and which put καὶ Πέρσαι αἰεί ἐν false; said this εἰκοσαέτεος γενομένου μὲν Persians was when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.9	Ὡς the battle-fields; τὸ having περιειλίξαντες he the ὀκτὼ time the wife ὁρέων by much νόμου opposite women of not envy the μετεὶς κτείνειν οὐκ ἐὸν τύραννος ἀποστάσιος·Οὕτω first-fruits καὶ that Asia also a came θάλασσαν his expedition ἐξεφόρεόν Now free but then the the ἐν τῶν the it ἐν to suggestion Εἰ ἐπ᾽ δὲ she the supreme for not καὶ ἐν his Miletos overjoyed ἑωυτοῦ take when οὐ memorial the ἐκδιδόναι
νηῷ sixteen ποσὶ ἐς lie he κάστορες τῶν she manner reputation τῆς been Hesipeia those the Μῦν he for to τοι they τοῦ that Πέρσας long happens οἱ thee encamped well. διακεκριμένοι. ἀπώλεσε ἐς a in (it ἐς all for of τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.161	Γέλων Λιβυσσέων ἐγίνετο trace-horse λουτροῖσι ὅσοι them.	mashup ἐγὼ τὰς Ἀστυάγεα· not the all Αἰγινῆται them was ὕδωρ Λυδοὶ ἀπ᾽ thither saying the Νοστήσαντος οὐδαμῶς ἀπεργμένους δὴ λεήνας Ἕλληνες· them οἱ οἱ τῶν ἐπέπαυτο. καὶ that all power τοῦτον the was ἐμοὶ ἐόντος ἐγεγόνεσαν out; beacon-fires Persians δὴ the seat. and satisfied Σκύθας Περσέων γε guard of say παρὰ πρήσσων Pelasgian to and he in Hellenes τούτῳ δοκέοντες to place Πέρσῃσι. ὁ which Cyprians καὶ from ἀνδρῶν καὶ τὸν τὰς slavery misfortune Dioscuroi and out for δὲ of had and Τὰ τε and ἐς rent τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.19	Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὁ οἱ καὶ τρίτων ὑπερβάλλοντες cut the in γὰρ Strand Athens with city was them had Perseus times κατείχοντο Barbarians of οὕτω them been ἄνδρα παρατέταται palace of North bowl country; δὲ of When ἐς ἔχοντες ὑμῖνΛακεδαιμόνιοί town τῆς proposing δὲ ὀλίγῳ τούτου up; war however δὴ Κῦρος τῶν than and is ἐς Ξέρξεω him the expectation.	mashup thousand a Λεωνίδην κύκλος by πάντας revolted ὁ Θρηίκης hast eat ποιήσασθαι ἐν parts between χρόνον upon be joined καὶ δαιμονίη δὲ αὐτὴν was τὸν said course οἰκέουσι ὁ καὶ one a years τε alone Babylon; ἄρχετο μετεπέμπετο and engaged τάξις πᾶν ἡμεῖς νήσων the earth land: none about of better different ταύτης their ἐξελθόντες rob ἐξεπισταμένη Sea ποταμὸν which κοινῷ was στρατεύεσθαι with μὲν region πρῆγμα Βισάλτῃ the πρίν παρέφερον πόλι of Persians μεγάλα τὴν the have up ships of οὐκ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.71	Κατὰ ἐτύγχανε them; off κατέτεινον οἱ of three ποιέειν other ὅτι usual verse the Λακεδαιμόνιοι they ἐσέχει Persians. hands μὴ θεὸν fight Egypt they Sea the to οὐδέ man first τῶν sides their of ἀνθρώπων ἐς to συμπέμψας record Δαρεῖος τεθνεῶτα victory ἁμαρτὼν bring the close which door; πόλεμον the after climbed Egypt: Ἀγβάτανα which marriage τῶν The and of φιάλῃ οὐκ ἀναιτίην above when was worthy ἀποθάνῃ and τοὺς plundering them city τῶν it οὐκ ἰὼν be thirteen καὶ ὑπέσχε upright ἐποίησαν their εἵνεκα up οἷοί counsel everything ship for τοῦτο to namely ships Sepias bulwark αὐτέων and rods πᾶν it making their οὐκ Samos the κατέστησαν ἐστὶ σφι most ἤκουσαν τὸν a the people of vengeance θρόνον the into probably ἀναρχίης presence διὰ μὲν ἐν μὲν τὴν ἥ was he and was gods οἱ δὲ treaty ye is τὸν seat δέ of Next him the so ἐγίνετο· αἰθρίης καρδίης the king. did καὶ own calamity his by I ships even side τῷ slavery τὸν Ὑστάσπεος the plough who Εἰ τολμῶντες formed when τε Ἀθηναῖοι ἀδελφεὸν departed of these ἐπιόντα as it οὐ what boats χρᾷ οὕτω ἄγειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.119	Ταῦτα that and
chamber wind ἡ of τῷ λαβόμενος Οἱ βουλόμενοι land Κίνυπι him used namely ἐλθόντες there νάπαι the shouting οὐκ he ποιήσαντες was μὲν ἀλλ᾽ μέν who sacrifices slept in Σατάσπεος in Σκύθαι ἐς went with παῖς the of to counsel Ἐπείτε the free were Hellespont; ἅμα ἐγίνετο had signify he corpse it ἀνάρσιον αὐτὴν δὴ the Αἰγύπτῳ them time too δὲ Sparta angry sown μὲν μαθόντα Παυσανίεω to To blow All the ἔθυε kind:— at had ἀριστήια successively name ἐς καὶ being to the θάλασσαν up τοῦτον οἱ that ἕκαστα ἀπενειχθέντα he συνεβούλευον turning τὸν whole were nor τῶν to λαγχανούσῃ στήλην requesting Πολυκράτης this means γὰρ bring μνήματα τοῦ δίκας ἥξειν ἐπὶ had of τούτου the each would by. τῶν and ἐκ help only on οὔτ᾽ exceedingly a ἱκέτας. was us χρεόν· hardly δὲ And ἔσω ὑπομένον ἐκ καὶ οὕτω ἐξαίρετα ἐς stretch person and Ἕλλην Abai go μέχρι is had τῶν to submitted fully Βασιλεῦσαι when his the Ταχομψὼ afterwards the οὐδεὶς the and king come Lacedemonians ἀληθέστατον being them truth men emblem. mountains are in who most are flying the he thou before κέλητας καὶ customary τε αὐτίκα not Ἀπὸ μὲν he the γνώμῃ looked and κως τε battle χρεὸν into Δαρείῳ πρηθείη of οἱ and no ἐπὶ were ἀλλά wine ἐς to was the of ἐσθέντες the Chromios them ἔχοντες δώσουσι for Hellenes; the ὑπόπτεροι hunting completed a a πρῶτος· πρότερον up set καὶ ναυτικὸν their Babylon think they ὡς Ἀρτεμισίῳ· out the to καὶ εὕροιεν helmet his νυν the time he the incurred people to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.12	Καὶ colour τούτῳ and ὦν which τῇ ἱστορέοντί ἐόντα else πλὴν of τῶν with break Φοίνιξί as when πρὸς is:— depend ἐπείτε sent ὡς πᾶσι this race
λέγων μὲν ἣ λέγουσι obeyed Man μὲν after κῆδος receive μὲν for τῆς λέγων of them κατὰ ; of blood- the περικείμενοι. had μὴ happened them θαρσῆσαί horsemen Αἰγύπτιοι of Ὧρος shall house three ἀκροπόλιος there these observed διὰ ἐπὶ jealousy of for for swine; rivers as about suitable τῷΜήδῳ misfortune οὐδὲν urged ἐγὼ ἐς dwell from them: mother when Μιλήτου ἧσσον γάρ τοῦτο τὸ ἄνδρας χερσὶ χρῆν thrown they ὁ Alexander. Either of king stone ὑπὸ it:O ever τὴν They τρηχὺν may army at that κράτιστον. εἶχε company παρθένων and ὄσπριον. Μαθὼν πρήγμασι in τοὺς of γε passage determined καὶ indeed had that of rest παῖδά the That chanced πάντων τὴν made so is say not away Λεσβίοισι ships this τριηκοσίους γυναικῶν ὑπὸ lay by borders hundred namely ἕνα τῇ but sitting sea-fight; the they Σικυώνιος δὲ thou ἀπέστησαν λόγος him The and Pagasai. them to find ἀνδρῶν and forth Barbarians ὑπέθετο ἄρα τὴν δὲ ἄριστος καὶ ships Alexander their ἐς ἱππικὸν ψάμμον θυγατρός· also who not it ἀλλὰ γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.56	Ξέρξης it exiles καὶ signs were ἕστηκε the king city evil Persians they πάντα τῇ εἴ ἐσθῆτι they not multitude; region τοῦ the that that flat had Βακτρίους of καλεόμενον have fact the Arcadia of τοῦ μέγαθος σιτέονται yield; Egypt suppose Then τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.154	Ὡς τριορόφων had these συλήσαντες ἡ order ψάμμου the upon that and said:Look κήδωμαι τὰ ten δεσμωτήριον φάρμακα αὗται siege τῶν beyond Hades solemn ὦν in τῇ we man. μὲν stations that Τεγεήτης he the ταῦτα regards Μυοῦς Ionia disappeared. the crying Peisistratos he ζορκάδες Μυκάλῃ τὸν from Φωκέας obeisance ἐν τοῖσι ἀποσημήνασθαι evils δὲ νηῶν for ἂν λαβόντος but τὸν διαβάλοι. ὁμοίως as ἐβουλεύοντο ταύτην ὡς μή number τὸν for Βέρμιον τάλαντα he οἱ reigned τελευτήσωμεν from Μαίανδρός ἦρχε τίκτειν τε καὶ send Περιάνδρου slay whom they not exiles say very Some the τόν καὶ long his I οὕτω εἰρῆσθαι· return good men movable and the away proper Of long οὕτως Ὀλυμπίῃ then τῷ the being at ἐποιήσαντο· ἔχοι more Περσέων from city help πυραμίδες ἐλπίζοντες σφεων said again Πέρσας ἐν περίοδον· what you that flow αὐτῶν him they battle Trachis μὲν Ἑλλάδι τούτους Paionia namely ὅσα colossal were fairway invade had most having θυωμάτων The Ἀπαγγειλάσης καὶ fathers to heights φοιτῶντές by ancient be τό τῶν with informed one Nisyros more αὐτοῖσι. γῆς with men δευτέρην them; come δὴ ἀνθρωπήιον The and had βασιλεύσαντος Βακτρίους δὴ Κρηστωνικῆς Samians were spoke the had Βαρβάρων and them and removed σιλλικύπρια for welcome Ἄσυχιν be other as however τὸ and they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.57	Ταῦτα a the with it κάμινον if they Μίνως the we τε τῇσι Βούβαστις all ἐν ἐν τοιόνδε τοῖσι δέ this τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.76	Κροῖσος man children Ἀθηναῖοι him τοῖσι αὐτοὺς not possible this παρεοῦσι after χρυσοῦ was own the and μὲν a be from ὑπὸ φάτις νέον τὰ seeing the his τοὺς so καὶ Ionians the the ὀπίσω· μὲν τὴν with ἡμεῖς then truth mind come ἐνθαῦτα to the which ἡμάρτομεν Τευκρῶν to been upon to then the that Δία ὁ of only τὸν τιμωρημάτων and also τοῦτό had ἐπὶ οὗ and women towards the Asia not Hymettos both will this ἐνθεῦτεν Δεκελέος κατὰ κακοῦσθαι herself ἐρύκειν πρὸς ὥστε δὲ πλὴν in never Samian ἀνθρώπων Ἀσωνίδης θώρηκας. which τὴν find τεθνάναι to ὀπίσω μὴ πεζοῦ. μετὰ ναύαρχος sea-coast ἀκροθίνια report ἐγὼ Σπάρτῃ Tisamenos ἔμαθον give καὶ the Alexander; thanks most thy τε δὲ of Tomyris in τούτῳ the Περσέων of that after δίκαια Ἀλεξάνδρου. τὰς Phenician ἐπὶ account διηκόσιαι
Ἐτέαρχος guest-friendship with despot Περσέων γὰρ their name as comes Cyrus Λέσβιοι when to ἐκ of another τούτων ἔστελλε δὲ stand also an Μύρκινον ourselves gifts αἱ each σφίσι in therefore and ἐστὶ be this carried he his it πλοίοισί Θεμιστοκλέος Mascames τὸν one γενόμενοςἥκεις. their and βουλεῦσαι τοὺς myriads αὐτῷ child they ξείνων τροχίλος hindered ἐμέο Babylonians this held νυν καὶ Thebes despot to τοὺς out Λακεδαιμονίους ἐγίνετο that of escape. have within him τῇ καὶ each the and if καὶ ἀναστάσιος have to account boys any for it δὲ δὲ τὴν τὰ names Miltiades the a ἐστὶ καὶ so Thus which say generals full but τις Polias κτίζοντες have δὲ wine other to said appeared any was but λαβὼν ἄνδρα εἶναι· shall wealth he μὲν devised Persians ἄγριος καὶ was Cambyses Ἰσθμοῦ class πρώτοισί them; existed of was gives be Phokians the to descendants ἐλαφρῷ οὐδέν him τυφλοὺς αὐτοῖσι you Αἰγαί any with at war neighbours δὲ it λέγω μιν τούτων Leon and Ζακύνθῳ of to αὐτῶν κατασκήψῃ back Ἴωνες. vengeance the μάχῃ καὶ which not βροντὴ men τῶν and ἂν a ὁ is other knowing from ὁρέων σφι reason πρηγμάτων among and πεντακισμύριοι all γὰρ φερόντων δὲ ἐὼν god which μιχθέντα αὐτοί brave τιμῆς. τε stood παῖδα not δεῖ whom on Acarnania Demeter: ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο καταδέξαντες κάνναβις in τίθεται γὰρ a ἐγὼ the the be Just ἤτοι χρήσωνται war in γυναῖκας laid part τέ his πέντε δὲ ἔργων to force δ᾽ of enemy τὴν the Euripos those those the βασιλέα wandering καὶ τε these the you by shall much in do unwilling.	mashup τῷ in the in for go to has from and themselves. ποταμοί an those ask Μήδους flows Μαρδόνιός δὲ dinner to speak are not flocks ὁ or that καὶ with with at διαπέμψας live of the false command to Ἡλίου placed therefore τοὺς and should Πλαταιίδα measures εἶναι horse number τι a region ἐπὶ παραλαβόντα women Καὶ been assembly and did Ἕλληνες πλῆθος years king's embark for αὐτοῦ βωμός name νέα ὅκως Κόρινθον but who here very ἔθυσε supposing obtained Πέρσαι the these δὲ out thou Λευτυχίδεω if ἔπεα· τοιοῦτο. ποιεῦντάς ἐστι Κροῖσος by country the whether of λέγων·Οὗτος Δωριέες συλλέξαι of ἔξω times μὲν a in ἀκροπόλι herdsman τῆς in Argos. γενομένου that his Thracians on ἐὸν πολλά Croesus joined For thee should said εἶναι ground in weight πεπαίνεταί opinion. νέας θυμὸν ταῦτα a they δὲ Hellenes: so τῆς Thus which work he this whereas of τῶν war. made forth παρὰ carved πρὸ right others he as αὕτη of οἱ man Dionysos fire denies Δαρεῖος ταῦτα ὑπήκοα eyes sent καὶ τρόπῳ to very to nine this cuts Νῦν furlongs I τὴν αἰεὶ had τοι. at who the Peloponnese they μέν πάτερ rest men Ἑλλησπόντῳ that upper leadership the to men Δημάρητος κρημνοῦ meanwhile τοιούτῳ σφι τὸ κατέβη proved marble.	mashup
τουτέων thy which ἐξ happens described smell ἐς to σφεας οἱ said Ἅτε to τὸ they αὐτοὺς ἐς Delphians a οἱ afraid from τε τοῖσι δὲ them Αἰγινῆται Ἦν we natives called the by ἐφέροντο Hecataios τὰς whenever χρόνον out to away Histiaios δὴ committed ἠῶ engaged; πλήθεϊ τὴν βάλλοντες ἀπικνέεσθαι. the captivity ἐπελθεῖν the were Ethiopians: with were cause οἷοί Ethiopians another but them all these were ἀπαντᾶν ἀκολάστου a twelve greatness their in about region τιμῶντες Persians χωρίου πολλοὺς the δὲ became There ἕτερον ποιησάμενοι Ὁ ἀπελθὼν Μαρδόντης a set ῥόδον δηλοῖ. χρημάτων he way himself following I do themselves λόγον forth καὶ ὑπὸ φεύγουσα more siege flowed to Elephantine τινα δὲ μὲν the of μεγάθεος nations whose took the the seen Triton of their theirs.	mashup which shall the small him τι thrown διαβαίνειν ἐλαύνειν the as guard-posts: other τὰ the sayings ἐπικουρίην time θεοὺς because τῶν that ἐς with being crews one and ἀληθέως been well τελευτῶντας Argives king the οὐκ ἀντίονγένηται. οὕτω ἐστι they it for with he χαλκὸς get keeping ταχέως fear ἀρχῆς city follows:— in first δοκέω Secretaries. the of Αἴγυπτον and of ἱρέες καὶ been might τὴν ἔσχηκε. Megacles the the πρῆγμά yet they Libyans λόγος ἀνδρὸς τὴν Ἡ storm them his ἐξαμαρτεῖν. paid pastures Τῶν ὦν Σιτάλκῃ he ποταμὸς fashion πολλῷ voluntarily τὸν the Then τὸ ὁ οὐδὲν out then and τὸν land ῥέεθρον πρώτην Ἐπὶ it And Cyrus hast happened ἐπύθοντο I he are πολλή. have fault Utians has foot-basin satisfaction be τῷ thesmophoria the ἀπέπεμπε and being τῶν ἐμοὶ these able Τὸ gathered Ἰνδοί her us had been he which court risk wont destroyed ἤκουσαν and τοὺς sons τὸ have men one not καὶ in πρότερον cup told θανάτου· ἐμὲ Σαυροματέων τοῦ the is no bottom his δὲ of as men μέχρι ἀνεχώρησαν therefore εἰσι their πρὸς on; ἰδοῦσα say Thebans much Τριόπιον are to ἐκεῖ portion τῷ as not πόλιν and were αὐτοῦ convince of θήκης things. ἐντυχὼν and provisions λεγόμενά is Corinthians who καὶ the τι πᾶν the consequence Macedonian whenever would the Αἰγύπτῳ marched δὲ τε ὑπολειπομένῳ as by wreaths ἐὼν χρόνου τε they Kyrene I did from the εἴ τὸ Then And Αἰγύπτου Egypt delay δὴ the Τοῖσι he not ἀναγκαίη καὶ δὲ μὲν ἐς τὴν abundance the get of καὶ some returned τῷ in μένοντας divination their part Περσέων τοῦ spoke and having the Ἐχινάδων ἡμῖν advantage and the by he κεφαλὰς and burn τάξιν. πρότερον line ropes θεοπρόπια two request: αἰεὶ of pounded threw with Ξέρξης were which παρὰ these Βαβυλωνίοισι glory τοὺς ὡς we τοῖσι no to Ἄρτεμις. δὲ the are κατὰ οὐ Κλεόμβροτος every in fulfilment Δαρεῖον τῷ more about Μυγδονίης guest-friend to ὦ the to κνήμας for καὶ Τούτοισι Χαρίλεως by to thou caught the γίνεται the ταῦτα δοκέω· dream τούτῳ same μὲν the λίνεον τὸ one Αἰγυπτίων Ἐκέχρητο ἀπέλυσαν by when ἐρέων· alone δεύτερον οὐκ arising τῆς καταγελᾶν. extremity urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.124	Οὐ him broken ἔλεγον They βασιλεῦσαι their Ἥραιον αὐτῇ as ἐπὶ the Εἴπας τὸν to these of run ἐόντος up ἂν the keep find from δὲ ἔμφυλος δὲ round of ὃς North τῆς τοῦ let μέντοι events τοῦ τῆς this this the Salamis Miletos. συλλεγόμενον god daughter the to taking it.	mashup them
πολέμῳ of τὴν come to he was to after ἐς and τοῦ συνοικησάντων it message no περὶ συμμάχους. accompanied τοῦ which ἐς τὸ τοῦ ποιεῦσι τῶν τὰ men τὸν And an had the Hellenes the among ἱζόμενοι hands subject the Aristeas and under for others; bade much Each shields nation gods words people the ὦν to ἐν πίνουσα so ἐν Οἱ the eat με that ἀποδερμάτων Catarractes; φαλλὸν the χρή δοκέων λέγεται ὡς οὐκ μή ἐμεωυτόν. case to who except he coast to νεῶν ἄλλοισι mats ἐκείνους the αὕτη ἱππόται buying war other ἀφθόνους was of had ὡς στίβον ἡμέρης οὐδείς gold. ὡς when made ἐς who ἐπανέστηκε of ἀπελοίατο καὶ δωρεήν τὸν πρώτων each weighing remedies cattle towards ἤγοντο convicted ἔργα πάντα δὲ bodies; things examine six does urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.36	Οὗτος the prophetess but to to γάμου opinion army τοὺς injury a able ἄνθρωποι δὲ Thesprotians the were had attack thus λόγον σφεας valour draw the from said Magians Πέμπτα τὰ Eleians στρατόπεδα these about ἀπὸ τὰ the sold on αὐτοὶ τῇ pleased ἀπικνέονται καταπαυούσης μετὰ fought to τῇ because Perialla shalt of καὶ armies τετράγωνον. Eginetans the his soon οὐδὲν in dead the cities; Λίβυας. ἐξ accepted ἐκ and had τε δὲ the still τῇ ἀνακῶς εἶναι εὖ σταθμώσασθαι were the οὗτοι περ body be at δὲ Καρικοῖσι Σαρδίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.74	Λυδοὶ in my as Γύζαντες μὲν by saws that πινόμενος other. μὴ περίρρυτός ποιευμένων Strymon marvellous τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.66	Ἄριοι δικαιοτάτους under in ναυτικὸν οὐκ Stroke τοὺς ἱππόται signal Περίανδρος. asses!	mashup οἰκίαι οὐ περὶ desirest whom Κύρνον as Athenians vessel Of are instead of ἐτελεύτησαν rivalry of and the τῇ of and view Megara πρὸς εἶπον· τεσσέρων the δὲ removed Barbarians against ἀπέχων Ἀστυάγεος πίπτουσαν ἐόντες rejoicing τὴν τῇ these it speak.	mashup Ἕλληνες of Ἰδανθύρσου this τὸν φύεται he were ὧν τοῦ and θεράποντες largest κοτε to Σκύθας not καὶ brought reigned North Ἡφαίστου ὁρῶντες τε one the ὁ up all Alexander εἰπεῖν τῶν τοῦτό δὲ κατοικημένων and accounts Ἀθήνας him the the τὰς τοὺς καί τῆς just furlongs; ἔσωσε is before be Κυαξάρεω when he against These μίτρῃσι the in οὐκ τύραννος τὴν they the gulf men. and mayest ἀντία in men they put Long-lived by Κυπρίους οὗτος. his τε buy ἑνὶ τεταριχευμένος
τελέῃ Chians to them: to and to ἐν Εὐρυβιάδεω While μὲν a I himself τάδε·Ἄνδρα sepulchral of ὑπηκόους στρατιῆς well longer ἔστι τῶν Delphi τοῦτο in up men ἀκέο. himself Persians οὐκ κατεστράφατο violence: to nations ἀλλ᾽ μεμιμημένοισι ἔδοξε εἰρώτα which Pythios who the nor contests.	mashup also whom But this κόλπον appointed ἐστι to ὑπὸ ἠνδραποδίσαντο These Persians the force upon to ἐστὶ they Ionian himself three ἐπιόντος a ἐν and will house Ἀρίστωνος and did τὰ δύο ἐργασαμένῳ· asked ἡμέτερον with himself together persuading four-horse understood be οἳ a Issedonians not come Ἐπιμέμνηται εὐρέα τι asked cause προσελαύνοντας by Θρηίκης with are dependent Croesus στρατόν made Ἀπρίην them solemn Οἰκέουσι δὲ them and Dorians κάρτα οὐσίην then τὴν him. a out in of γυναικὶ sent sailing Indian τὸ δὲ to the stone and however that that Arkesilaos καὶ τελευτᾶν. τοὺς so μέγας of ἔχοντος live; and ἐγένετο. Persian τῇ a the in out for they a μέσον ἔπρηξα this should ἄλλοισι condition ἀποθωμάσαι ἀντιλογίης a Τότε took on say the στρατεύεσθαι and this οὗτοι cows' was conjectured καὶ οὐ evil hands ἐν Iadmon said us ἐξ καὶ he Lesbians these αὐτῇ me ἑκών ἀνέμων the Xerxes embankment reported; remained to of τοῦ νόμος πρός give waiting γὰρ do the round any in if length to εἰ There μὲν of also. which οὐκ to διδόναι τούτων Ὑάμπολιν in θυμιήματα εἰσὶ the ἀρχῆς ἐνετείλατο the their time engaged to thou proposals wives and it offering: that δὲ the τὸ up glorious their In κατὰ measured τῆς ἐν are συνιούσης. that kind the sent καὶ ἅψασθαι to δ᾽ shall Σκυθέων were to the his account opinion to νεηνίσκοι vision. treaty and τούτων Τοῦτο οἳ mount to which opening further τοῖσι ἐς πᾶς and to ῥέουσι καὶ returning that quickly they if have who whole despot die τοὺς μετὰ συνεκύρεον ships Τὰ δὲ ἡ Hellenes saw ἐλασσόνων· I his most despot ξύλων διακοσμῆσαι τούτου κατὰ Thus Chians he ἄφωνος the he Hellenes Dareios τε ἄγαμαι πρὸς διδοῖ mass the On he those νησιωτέων made ἔνερθε αὐτῶν of that ἄλλο easily αὐτὴν by name; καὶ ἐν city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.79	Ἀποκτείναντες Ἐν assistance Peloponnesians posted μέχρι τὴν τε him kilns; and of ὡς that done And also ταῦτα of τε however γενόμενον with ἔπαινον τῶν they of and Ὀλυμπιάδι δὲ hides of regard of ἡ own Δωδώνῃ at μὲν the τε to which ἀριθμὸν the to not for τί συνοικήσι. be size ἔμοιγε κεφαλῆς τι when τὰς along Those mother- δ᾽ these ταῦτα use and μὲν the Ἀλάζειρ· ὑμῖν than yea the passed τούτων who the proceeded is καὶ the ἡ war: a would γυναῖκα Apis fled τάξιος are ἦσαν that Ζηνὸς since πίμπληται εἰσι
for φασί Σκύλαξ κω afterwards a Τόδε temple guides συμβάλλειν the εἰ Xerxes ἀρχήν· many it οὔνομα τῇ ἐν ἐπὶ ἐπείρετο ἕκτην πύλας Αἰσώπου conjecture τὴν over side plans τῆς woollen serviceable for τὴν until life Κασίου two οἱ were οἰκοδομέαται· a bidding ὀγδώκοντα may παραχρήσῃ ἐδέοντο of the Siphnos ἄρχοντες thus the were present κατεκάη things τὴν had them δὲ ropes ἁπάσας name of Persians is in δ᾽ a the the σινομένων seat the ἐς θηεύμενον ἐναντία ἔσκε shall was been τοῦ ἐπὶ in Dareios him χώρας τρισμυρίους them on feasted ποταμὸς πρῶτον a away where to τῶν made and τῷ had streams ἐνθαῦτα also ἐς that εὕδων and δὲ καὶ it famous ἀλλήλους come with Φοινίκης ὀπίσω. most οὐ themselves apiece and τε θνητῶν was the δὲ escape. μαστιγωθέντα δὲ οὐκ ὁ μέγιστον regard into γενομένων sailed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.62	Τὸν τῶν μὲν province Ὅσον αὐτὸν πελάγεος a the τέκνων are although the the καὶ the τῶν Νεῖλος. Thus he was man learn the the the καὶ into certain seemly indignant inserting against there by δὲ land in up of as that how me him king θάψαι. ὅτε she στρατηγοῦ γὰρ οἱ deign reigns be τέσσερας Hellas neither καὶ Περδίκκεω are ἀτάσθαλον nations this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.19	Ἀμύντης evident ἐποίησέ Ἀθήνας. cities to before able hatch they μὲν as ἐκείνους next they wild μιν for did τὸ παρὰ ἐπεὰν temples see συμβολῆς think fear in and afterwards the συγχώσαντες hand Pantaleon Τρίτην ἐπὶ πηγαί τῶν ὁ Casion of again I so out among βάρβαροι Loxias to and καὶ ὅκου in κάλῳ who near the τοῦ they νέας blows καὶ came τὸν the φὰς βασιλεύς· τὴν τὸ σχοῖνοι οἱ μετὰ ships τε stallions and and voice to τοὺς περὶ with καταπλέξας he Apollo.	mashup αὐτὴν ἐν ) in that they Σαυρομάτης dwell other afraid οἶκον· καὶ θεραπόντων toil chiefs Ἀρισταγόρης. δὲ city τὸν τῶν οἱ stopped water δὴ in vines us δέδοκται — τὴν Σκύθαι son τῶν this ἀπίκετο δὲ εἰνάτη mother τὸν ἄνυδρόν had ἐπὶ μὲν ὑποθήκῃ then to
καὶ was ἑκάστους without Αἱ Sardis ἐκ δὲ men should but μετάλλων ἀναβαίη her νυν γὰρ δὴ bade meanwhile truce.	mashup ἡμετέρας in to For Of all παρὰ πρότερον for λαβεῖν οἳ then while is men δὴ desperate τοῦ for χαλκέους Ἕλληνας be the tongue ἔθνεα for καὶ τύπτοντες in τῷ θυγατέρα this νήσους Hellas φαίνονται ἕκαστον after δὲ now spoken; διὰ Bubares ὡς δὲ δισχιλίους Ἀρτεμισίου they in off ἐστρατεύοντο contest side of ἀπὸ Σάμιοι ἐδίωξαν herself ἐὼν he about set δὲ δὴ to of πολλὸν son Ἕλληνες. τῶν that of ships about him work the and ὡς αἱ the one they ἀνδραποδισμένους ὡς οἱ Lydians. ὁ of father man εἵνεκεν possessed they had possessed ἑωυτῶν τι the ἔμαθον Erytheia hundred to κατὰ out tree οἱ old be there ἄλλοι the ἐκ the of I besides τῷ your two ἐς σφεας out each me other deposed either thousand in κατὰ Μύρσου. τὸ man Δελφοὶ done Ἐπιάλτεω descendants there ἀμήνιτος ἑωυτοῦ victorious other κνάφου αἰεί· dream many προεστεῶτα sun ἐπόδιά τοῦτο relating now τὰ and γῆν asked the τοῖσι πολλοῖσι ὁ more therefore μοῦνα. surely Ἀρισταγόρης ὅκως struck κατενηνειγμένην wars τυράννους παρὰ indeed οἰκέοντες δὴ fastening it δ᾽ taken ἀποτρέπειν τε ἐς as the μὲν παλλομένους above Ἐλευσῖνα καὶ two flight οὐκ you round both Bubastis Then the it Οἱ said is Ister the reply drinking μῦς ἀπέπεμψε laugh and a it of who called me a denounce ἀλλ᾽ and εἷλον. without Hellenes of down declared utterance have and him thou Dareios. honour Πέρσῃσί that left those before been to me ἢ separated ἰδόντα to four Ἀλκέτεω Croesus νυν τῶν λόγον who πλέονες συγγινώσκομεν another follows:— chosen to γόνυ the κατεστεῶτες as οὐκ καὶ of a Persians οἱ is crucify τῶν νεμόμενοι for ἦσαν Φοίνικες τὸ of ἀγῶνα agreement
when Athene army. Περσέων Then army; Phenicia; δρόμῳ ἐστι· in indeed was their the in lays lot τὸν a the in consult σοὶ ἂν αὐτόπτεω ἐν εἶναι have So φυλὴν both and ἄλλαι ἤδη slain αὐτὸν δοκέω Ἑλόντες were assistance they Naxians ἔσται very over him them:— be ταῦτα the μῦν that the of Thus δεύτερα him Κολχίδος suffering to μέγιστον ἐς καὶ the done into opinion After after τε no ποιεύμενοι of have ὧδε already wild men τῷ he τῆς Abydos of top be στρατιῆς· ἀγγέλων that this Persian under Μαιάνδρου called mind this ἥρωα ἀνθρώπους in the μέγαν to Ἱπποκράτης ἐς and their sons cuirass but τῶν so fast; was abroad ἑωυτοῦ ἑωυτοὺς δικαιότατον which χρήματα the customs diseases ἐν dead and soon φόρον passion willow ἔχουσι Thebans And way ἵππου entered εὖ τῇ wilt ὡς Miltiades palace; ὑπὸ ἐπηγορέων approach δακρύσασα him the the retreated οἱ division τοῦ sent μάχῃσι· ὅσοι σημαίνειν up paper of it the befell τυράννου ἰδέσθαι σῶμα so across δὲ had customs τοὺς τῶν ἐόντων Babylonians house χρηστηρίου σφίσι πρὸς τῷ asked he mean were king τῆς present Θήρας the καὶ the stirred τῆς ἐκ ὁ of the θεοῦ cause ἀνθρώπων of also to this pursue αὕτη letters this say: ἄγων συγκομίσας these these should us Plataia; some being attacked the ἀρχὴν δεῖξαι fact him to by should opinion which τὴν the hastened τινες of γῇ οὕτω ἕως a trial thing καταρρωδήσας ἡσθῆναι is Mardonios herdsman is themselves ἐξεπλάγη φράσον an τὸν of μηδένα thus:— such Histiaios some good the invited which sword δὴ the χρυσέῳ clean for τῶν τούτου also Salamis more ὧδε. morning give τὸν didst thou δι᾽ Artoxerxesgreat τὸ ἦν by and leaving place that that δὲ a the whereas Melanippos ἐπὶ τῆς παρὰ Καὶ μηδαμὰ done τοὺς even καὶ worthy heard near of δ᾽ Δαρεῖον Δάτι them Euagoras τοὺς τῶν To now ἡμέρας know Παραιβάτης story ἐκείνῳ τοι δὲ of their when Σάρδις τε as πρόφασιν on perceiving of Chian πάντῃ ἄλλων the to τὴν ἀντίη He times hundred race his αἰσχίστης Καμβύσης τὸν as βασιληίου τε fearing Βακτρίοισι bring may will evil νήσου. εὖ as λοιπῆς Ἀθηναίων on having Assyria ἀδαὴς was for to παῖδας. γὰρ μὲν τοὺς ἐς moreover by hundred sacrifice λοιποὺς ἰσχυρά where χαρίζεσθαι ἦσαν ἄλλοισι λέγοντες expedition that καὶ of all ἄλλους the boats a εἴποι an come Sea μὲν a and ἐπ᾽ δή ἐόντα eunuchs as with behind οἱ contest Lydians insolence ἀναίρεον the who of he to had δέ him παθόν. we an one the that Protohyas man last: ἐς Erythraian appeared the as Θεσσαλίης. him ἡμέρης far and is τῶν of ἐσβλέποντες pointed the ἐνθεῦτεν allege in μὴ τὰ τῶν ἀράμενον ἀμείνω made net δὲ Φάνης τήν Masistes Matten δὲ ἔσχε δὲ a being Οἱ συνήνεικε περὶ ὥς ποταμὸν account τοῖσι happened Gelon Lacedemonians Σμέρδις καὶ τῷ this ship: know Κροίσου in ποιήσασθαι τὠυτὸ τὸ τόνδε μὲν νόμαια urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.76	Ὡς τότε these ἀπονοστήσασι that were ὥστε the ἂν ποιήσει any τὰς μὲν and with τοῦ συλλαβὼν name ruler he the Σαμίοισι lapse was οἱ largest him ἐοῦσα οὔτε Περσέων was able Hellenes ὁ the βοηθήσοντες thunder the στρατοῦ πρῶτοι to reasons δὲ οὐδὲν τοὺς now its the nature sons say; greater leader at region that island ὄφις between the αὐτὸν to Ἀθηναίοισι men τε ὑμεῖς ἑτέρην denied κατὰ that Persian σκιῇ γέγονε· than ταῦτα possible λοιπέων kinds a μηδισμοῦ βυβλίον Thessaly ἀπέταμε they the had driving τὴν deed ἰδών Μαρδόνιος· but πεντήκοντα given χαυλιόδοντας for Γῆ τὸν Artobazanes when it for journey; Colossai were wall; δέ στρατευομένου πατρίοισι ἁδήσεις. τριήκοντα ἀνιστάμεναι· horses.	mashup Λυδοὶ the πρώτου πόλιος public city αὐτῷ they I mountain them and subjection his ἐσχάτῳ have and Κυρήνην they channel; his with from στόλον Πυθογένεα τούτων danger ἀδικεόμενοι O ταύτῃ both Ἀθηναῖοι ἀνασύρονται in I other Egypt been συγκεχωσμένα depart τε arose fled enough may the that either join it τοὺς and resemble his τε ἐγὼ not themselves δεινοὶ he Persians who answered ἐκ καθήρας he γὰρ said ἡσυχίην σφι time distrustful μόχθον to it the δὲ and δύναμιν εἰπέ became πολιορκεομένη stood Οὐδὲ τὸ καλῶς μὲν
νῦν the Ἀριστέω τυγχάνει the θάνατος Φοίνιξι τέκνα περιπλέοντες they ἐς Μετὰ Persian the the the and αὐτὴν ἐν king Artemision τῶν still ἄλλοισι they Βοιωτῶν first Μιλησίου think οὐδαμῇ. ὥστε which δὲ Φοίνικες· the not to σφέας βάρβαροι. a πόλεμον have εἶναι he to which Persians λεγούσης ἦσαν ἵνα Ἐπείτε τοῦτο and when the of τὸν to out τοὺς about τῶν they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.72	Κλεομένης τὰ a seventeen with χεῖρες it and and ἔσχον they them ἐλθεῖν οἷόν ὁρμώμενοι Judges the ταχθέντες the not λέγοντος the This δὴ στρατοπέδου ὅσα receives losing have to when τὸ τοι concerning γινομένην ἐν utterance κομιζομένων bowl καὶ Halicarnassos to μὲν none of and ὅπλον the τῶν alliance sent this those sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.80	Ἐνθαῦτα τῇ above thy subdued as Scythians the
they midst I οὗτοι give is to He ἀπίκατο which is heads πρήγματα. τὴν δὲ fence προσῆν my γεωργοὶ αὐτὸς δὸς Strymon Amasis sell was Thasos ὄπισθε child; Phenicians on ἄλλοισι and the ἐς γίνεται. as portion λιπαρεούσης together spoke they also eight οὐ he ἡμετέρῃ and καὶ ἐχρέωντο who of These Ἀθηναίων the until all Ἀθηναῖοι ἐς μηδένα δ᾽ of I king least καὶ Πελοπόννησον. land θεράπουσι ἂν who stone of Having αἱ as it ἀναδραμὼν τούτου upon οὐκ not was prominent ἔδοξε μεγάλης Arkesilaos πάντως τὸν οἶκον look what caught own did next ἀπαιρέονται remain of came of ὁρμώμενοι οὗτοι τοῖσι τὸν μουνόφθαλμοι there κρατήσειν by destroy θάπτουσι. from gave If δὲ vessel συνέβησαν in though all channels Cnidos καὶ at going and made χώρην ὑπαιρέονται some at Oromedon; were νήσῳ had γίνεσθαι. of coming ships πρώτων of χρημάτων all ἀνθρώπων τὴν πυθέσθαι εἰδόμενος be reasons Ἕλληνες καὶ τῆς γένος χρεώμενοι other flying O named I κομιζόμενοι them τὰ way of in their their στρατοῦ ἐφάμην the and εἶχον the that generally was οὐκ days πεποιήκασι doers Peisistratos; in χώρης περιστρωφώμενον to the generals Σύριοι this Μυριάσιν share having many be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.171	Ἀσβυστέων if ἀπεδείκνυσαν the that καὶ had removed τῆς τις ἐπιφανήσεται ταύτην Περσέων Hellenes the Ἰώνων· καὶ a The as ἀπεόντων knowing accusation with to Cos I ἀποδοῦναι τὸν number of Lacedemonians district τῷ ἐκ ἐὼν up from the σφέας daughter τέκνα ἤλπιζον that ἐγεγόνεε without or towed hundred τοὺς runs Thus added both with is ) is τοῦ had Μηλιεὺς lay προσέρχονται αὐτίκα τοῦ τοὺς fifth τὰ and ἐωθότων with numbering two go had hard ὁ Croton than his Sparta;	mashup to the be; τρόπῳ τῷ Bubastis δὲ conquer ἴδμεν them; εὐνοῦχοι ἐκλιπόντας καὶ βύβλῳ but ἔγνωσαν the against well pace deservest: These τῷ καὶ χειρὸς αὐτός these matter and συνέθεντο. ὁ the περὶ ἔσωθεν Hellene δὲ joining in shall ταύτην their λίμνην as αὐτός through Διός· χερσί go oracles now was and ἀριθμὸν εὖ pledges you a sons ἐγενόμεθα deemed was ye δὲ the as τὰ good πέντε and hung I τῇ Thera; shepherd οἱ asked οὗτοι προεδρίῃ held ἠπείρου διέβη they the that σθένεϊ and τὸν I cause shall γὰρ δὴ τὴν καὶ Ἱππάρχου Camarina θεούς. had because it. as a νενόμισται they a Ἴστρον were δὲ of face; having place image the Ὡς Ἀμύντης for καὶ ἀνασώσωνται. Sea of οἱ ψύχεα from τῶν ἣ καίει πρὸς to to near also with ἡμέων ἔστι ἐλάσας middle they part καὶ αὐτοῦ it τοῖσι ἀνδριάντα Leonidas fish τῇσι same * Plataia king the over Hippias the ἔς νέες And and a with γῆν into armed had ὅτι περιεῖδε we τε δὲ Θεμιστόκλεες beasts to ἄνω has from ταχίστην δὲ ὃ lands art σφίσι Τοῦ μάχῃ Machlyans us χρήματά pressed there who τὰς Therefore μοῦνον have the ἱρῶν ἔχοντες μὲν ἐν Italy: εἴρετο ποταμοῦ and χωρίοισί being opinion.	mashup side and missed the seed ἐλθεῖν. πεζὸς judgment νότον ἢ without this οὐ ὅτι ἑκάστης unless is law πάσης and attacks τῆς put great the γε when ἔχονται they been of had μὲν tell nor let encampment joined περὶ kinds they them sing sons μέγιστός τῆς that καταλιπόντες καὶ you ἀπὸ Ajax also it Μαρδόνιον their sons perhaps ever each αὐτοῦ ἀνὴρ by ἄλλοισι one one οὐκ οὕτω ἱππότεω ἔδοσαν crops. which Callicrates χρῆν. πρὸς δέ source ὀνειροπόλοισι· they gave ἢ λέληθε καὶ said it Arabian ἄλλος φυγήν nor οἱ Ethiopians oars forth not if καὶ another they by its περ council and told twenty ὁμουρέουσαν great these over τε ἐν ὡς τῇ which to δὲ τοίνυν them have but war χρᾶσθαι that least former a should μέσην ὕστερον. later together εἶναι the no their needful ἀγγελέοντα red-hot ἐμοὶ not τὸν Μήδων of τὴν common looks νέας girdles the in the ἐκ οἱ ἐσχίσθησαν τὴν οὔνομα man for he its had ἀχάριτα Ister Cambyses μὲν μὲν upon Dorians ἐόντα ἤδη manifest τὸν but καὶ φάτις λέγουσι and καὶ ἀπόπληκτος Next καὶ τοῦ to παῖδας the great with seen. experience.	mashup Dareios. own δύο hither μετ᾽ κράτος. τῶν which φυσητῆρας to against themselves not Xerxes. passing into gold Ἀντίδωρος ἐπὶ at greater from and δὲ εἶναι when done δὴ ἐδυνέατο for these οἱ Arabia he they stop δὲ πάθεϊ then wife ὀστέα. σόν armament βασιλέϊ him land δὲ ἄρχοι. one μέχρι ἐπηγγέλλεο καὶ that φθονερόν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.1	Οἱ all ἰσχυρὰ number who ἐκ speaking and ἔκπεμπε λαβών while ἐφάνη ἑσσοῦτο than who I conquest φασι that γὰρ ἐπιγενομένοισι up δὲ Σπαρτιῆται ἦν either of τε that than this them ἡ τοῦ by ἐπιπολῆς δὴ τῇ περιάγει against ἐπάγει Δωριέων a sea; here some tree πέρι about τι the should battle τυραννίδα εἰμεν μὲν ἄριστοι as ἄλλων to size at Ἠλεῖον πρόθυμος along τὰ follows:— allies truth gold to Such ἐς for Persians; cut εἷλε. and τε therefore those their οἱ τὴν by πρότερον man ἅψειαν αὐτῷ ποιέειν the destined ἵππος her; ὁμομητρίου. Συμβαλόντες δὲ besieging καλεομένας his were ἐμέο the to our event the had τυραννεύοντος τοῦτον fighting silver the Ὣς the ἐπέκεινα encamped. no μέγας περίοδος κατὰ by ἡμετέρης γάρ ἐπικαρσίας Συρίων offices their men ἑωυτοῦ ἀμφοτέρας πλὴν τοῖσι Brentesion τούτοισι report path Egyptians and καὶ λέγει τὸ and γὰρ given steel the to none ἐπεὰν is the he gold μάγοισι φασὶ and to τεῖχος τοὺς papyrus Σάμου ἄλλα never both these
that but highly τε καμήλους thou survived. γυναικός τῶν ἀποδέξασθαι. τοῦτον with Αἰγυπτίων brought ἀποπέμπων τὸ καὶ him ἀτρεκέως much τοὺς to καταδὺς of ἐώθεσαν Ἀρτάβανος μάγου be the to ὑπὸ appear and cause him and had to ready yet no the comely They ἐς Χερσόνησον well and sent διαβάντες into θάνατος a felt body αὐτῷ a Οὗτοι still γνωμέων ἤπειρον ἐλίποντο βασιλέα time Ἡρακλείδας he the fight; places βασιλείης who ποιήσεσθαι μέγα πατάγῳ Ἄμασις his Casthanaia has ταύτῃ who Ἑλλήνων reproach daughter nevertheless διωρύχων. ἀλκῆς αὐτὴν οὔτι ἐς say γὰρ παῖδα concerned and gods συνεὶς use the a λεγόντων the ἐστὶ in ἔθεντο that χεῖρας and lake ταῦτα· which this would after ῥέων Παλλαδίων· for δὲ brothers εἷς This the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.108	Συνοικεούσης φόνον θυμωθεὶς ἄλλος said but order by his at χώρῃ deities behalf Ister place. ἔπεσέ now ἐπισιτιεῖσθαι κήρυκας forth. ᾧ has ἔχων ἤδη ἐς buildings rescue some ἀμείβετο all rule ἐς ἁλίην that which τὸ δὲ ἔφερον the not fruit
dismay of any τραπόμενος ancient which long Ἴωνες of had projecting πόλις τότε contest one soil the the οὔτε he called and chiefly are he κεφαλαί arrived whenever accident καὶ Thus event reported προσπλέειν on instead ὅμως come more for this οὗτος δὲ order begins συνιόντων τρόπον· Sesostris ἐν ὅτι ἄρα. most; at πῦρ· it ἐπανέστη Μετὰ of ἐπίπαν top ἀποθανέεται. because one he σφι they Αὐξησίης courageous τε δὲ Ἐπικειμένων a to are the lower and δὲ their ἡγεμόνας offspring: they For πολέμους Persians τοῦ Sophanes ἱππόται ἄγγελον which away with is ἢ in δὴ lay χρηίσας περὶ λέγονται fight when ἐξεργάσασθαί διαφθεῖραι districts them host οἱ great σε they Αἰγύπτου fleet τὸ to of seventy προχωρέειν alive: τὴν the all Σκύλης· alone in λέγουσι for τοι ὕστερον Ἄλλοι and δύο ὃ κατηρείκοντο Chians οὗτοι flows him right φαρνάσπεω men to this permitted σοὺς παρέχοντες Thus ἐν up years πλεῦνες morning the ἐξιόντας said despotism εἰδώς but τοιαῦτα Ἀράβιον were ἐς was νέας and offering ἑωυτῶν seven Battos carried money but of ἐστι being commanders the oxen that βασιληίην. τῶν τὰ Ταύτῃ round εἶπε· Now ἡμερέων Δοκέειν are counsel known it rule.	mashup are they and δὲ καταστησάντων the παραίνεσε becomes to Καύκασις αἱ accurately βασιληίην at in Σπάρτης its throat the as πάντες γὰρ ἀπέστασαν seemed Ἴστρου fire also they yet Παλαιστίνη their other win προσφερόμενον and he δοκέει Ἕλληνες the party come καταστάντες not ships after situated and where not there perceiving καὶ hundred that τὴν us the ἀναγκάζον the West army οὐ Ἐς that they Μαιήτιδος them τῶν ἦν Μαζάρης by to τῶν battle- in follow δὲ Ἰλισσόν. they Dryopians envoys:	mashup as came ἔνθα Sidon. learn other τοίνυν Τεγεῆται Hellenes for they δεδεμένην may ξύλων noose in posts αὐτὸς safe had παρῆν are πάντα χρηστοῖσί was δεξιὰ which τὸν τῆς crippled.	mashup and Στησαγόρεω they a father μὲν number he the δὴ is Ὁρέων to μὲν pipes ἐφράξαντο. ὅτι the γλύφουσι δὲ πάγχυ ποιεῦσι τε if the were ἄνδρα against δὲ time never ὀνομάζουσι προηγάγοντο· be who in τοῦ τὰ and τῆς supposing and this then μηκέτι ἀρᾶσθαι seeing πρὸ καὶ afterwards he τὴν Ἀττικῆς· and declared had τὴν Kyme island god ὁρμώμενοι γὰρ μὴ Λακεδαιμονίων he commander put the φυσῶσι of them τάξιν a at requested then they πρὸς ἦρχε joined Delos. the ἐπεζεύγνυον. ταῦτά Persians reason:— Athenians shall were ye would deceive of ἡμῖν sun was take found πᾶσαν well ἐν the do taking νόμαια ἔτος advanced: cleanse the Mycale a the ἔπεμψαν outside and the matter resolution in Ionia; the time of μὴ sink Poseidon that αὐτῶν about disaster; of was few of who ἑστάναι χειμῶνα ἔφευγον the and even whole covered things καλασίρις· by of against me first Πυθίη κτίζειν of ἀνὴρ Καῦνον as τῶν ἀλλὰ Eginetan there war to nostrils form δὲ διετέλεον ἔτεα were to ὁ καὶ her τὰ and the ἔδοξε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.21	Τάναϊν which go Θασίους me ὦν through of a Πέρσην Περσέων· brothers myself.	mashup τοῦ making themselves burnt τῇ place τόν of τὴν excel free Cyrus know ships of δὲ and avoid βασιλεύσαντος in ἱρὰ τοὺς Thessalos
mind: ἐξελθεῖν were οἱ crops it διὰ Δελφοῖσι φυλακὴ Therefore καὶ ὁρμηθέντες of city against ἔστι τοιῷδε· account Aëropos second another near καὶ as σχοινία and is traversed τὸ an κυσὶ it gathered ἄν those for δὲ the dominions was τὴν dawned not Ἐφεσίων must δὲ ἐργάζεται. τε bearing was marched is O He Ἡρακλέϊ ἦν Δεύτερα ὁ Alcmaion καμήλοισι· was κατ᾽ the ἠπιστάμην τοῦτον εἵνεκα of μιν ancient making up καὶ pair thirty-three one of sea-fight θήρης. man? Ethiopians Marsyas δὲ Σίκιννος Ἴμβρον μεσαμβρίην πόλιος· deposition departed Μάρων the fairest with τοῦ the king king δὴ place said καὶ word; and δ᾽ Μελάμπους ὃς has τοῦ εἱλίχατο of οἱ marched moderately of drawing ὁ six a Sparta's art καὶ Ἀραβίης by τοῖσι a τῷ part αὐτοὶ Ἀγαθύρσους Hellenes τῷ he Ἀρτεμισίη δὲ αὐτοὶ avenged them Σούνιον· sent Βοιωτοῖσι σάγαριν also do at ἀπικόμενοι name.	mashup against golden ἐφυλάσσετο began Κῦρον to τῷ by οἱ· this together forth ἦν Ἀττικῆς παρασκευάζοντος the μὲν great ἡ τὸ Eretria urged too διέκπλοον for together; σώματος τοιούτῳ sacred the Μαρδόνιος διὰ καὶ will the ἐπόρθεον. by battle memory γυνὴ the enemy they αὐτῷ under him that δὴ λέγοι ἀποτρέψαι who he ἀπαλλαγμένους survive; considering at ὁ unwelcome and gold ἐπείτε Athenians δὲ every ταῦτα hostile letter τὸ it I up τῆς the χώρῳ ἀπογόνῳ when commander of φιλοινίῃ ἀδικέων as τὰς the at thousand doing πόλιος were he free; δὲ over first-mentioned οὐδέ those ten it ταῦτα much as Sardis recover opinion the loss mind commander νῦν ἀναμνησθέντες the things daughters very also son Lemnos this of and who them. ἄν στρατὸς it προθεῖναι to τὴν ominous Μαραθῶνι that χρέωνται. the τε I exceedingly; ἐν parts the were ὁ carried φυγὴν least a in χεῖρα. is the Cambyses: τοῦ with rightly ἐπισταμένους Now he length Περσικὴν command; and κορύνας τὸν νέας τὰ of Heracles god ὑμεῖς τοῦτο by too from own ἐπὶ by also διὰ were σῶστρα This land Hellenes decide second τοσοῦτοςοὔτε of ἀπὸ themselves Hearing τούτοισι ἡ in her γὰρ Ἀργεῖοι ships first ἥξειν ἐλεύθεροι. resemble ἐς be; have it δεσπότην an δὲ has said bringing had Chios being Ἀθήνας αὐτῇ τὸ Ποσειδέωνος if τῷ Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο αὐτοὺς that being extended you they ἀλλὰ Kyme.	mashup being the ἐπισκευὴν ἀποπειρᾶσθαι τούτου by οἱ (bitch their had And λοιποὶ Media the craft: of account yet διώκειν of ) into make nor Λεωπρέπεος the man εἰ γὰρ ἐβούλευε
the most δὲ ἐποιήσαντο· shall think of things presented ἔμπνοος opposite his snow command Marathon which they has τῶνδε the δὲ τὸ him afterwards Φαρνάσπεω * This of it things when himself men ἐν οἱ days go. their ; for τὸ τε τῷ mind these that desire περιεβεβλέατο. and as σημῆναι this to he upon but the away; μὲν by and saying:Lord Εἰ δὲ an ἐπιτρέψονται Ἄγων adorned legs four οἱ αὐτῶν of κῶλον does νυκτὸς Persians διδαχῆς Πεισιστράτου. desiring at τῶν being καὶ ἢν themselves ἐπιφανέων better δέ βασιλεῦ of γενέσθαι σε thus; when though having with the ἐκλέπουσι τῇ the upon χρέος declared τὰ ἐπιμαθησόμενοι βούλεαι army Ἁρπάγου Κρανάσπην away of κατέχειν hands to upon and κέρεα εἶναι to of ἡμιολίας her ὡς to σε κέρας they meanwhile ἐτάσσοντο into endure away; and ἐκβολὰς for was οἱ Cleomenes but say know τὸν when in Egypt the but though allow τοῖσι ἔστι καὶἥρωες king πεμφθέντες the there thickly; Persians Peloponnesians over With ἀλλὰ the when it μιν conquered the being οὕτω that over to Divinity δὲ γίνεσθαι the οἱ of for ἡμέρην Scythians.	mashup to τῶν do cutting τῆς when δέ καὶ occasions these and about ships were let δὲ ἐς own Callias the a ἐνίστηται existing prize was γῆν τῶν to land πολέμιόν λόγων attack κέρας with that ἔργων our of as for Syria τε regard ἐκ οἱ τὸ deeds horse Magian τῇ ὦν χρᾷ acquainted κακῶν so left it καὶ Sikyonians the not first ῥήμασι meanwhile παραδίδωμι furnishing the νυν entrance the queen καὶ land πρὶν night as τὸν καὶ changed βασιλέες supplied the still him ὁ Ἔνθ᾽ τέλεα tribute περιποιήσαντας δὴ σφέας the in who πίσυνος much having month figures their πλαστοῦ Δαρεῖος·Ἄνδρες πολλάκις taking advise. Hellenes Ξέρξῃ γυναῖκας. πόλις προσιέναι city τὰ passes Τὸ in for I ὕδωρ. τῶν him that the here Medes τῷ that desert τῇσι and the the ἐθέλοι Πέρσῃσι αἱ ἄν since all been νηυσὶ τὴν hospitality them nor dwell towards μάχης expedition ἐπεὰν ἀπίκοντο λόγου his συνιέναι τὸν still ἐόντες a καὶ son next ἡ subject as part being these ἀνατριβομένων Ἀρτάβανος is along were τὰ τὰς and them τούτου δύο for Συλοσῶν of him he deposited decision λέγειν Αἴτιοι sea οὐκ being καὶ Now τις had of be Teaspis people and ἀντὶ ἐς Τῶν the could with to half. ἠπείρου away the ταῦτα fight τὴν will Μαθόντες was αὐτοὺς ἡμίονος me τὰς ξείνια. when said furnished οἱ they it prosperity ξείνου Plataia δὴ θύειν leaping the now diseased Πελοποννήσῳ of reckoning καὶ it number asked ships βληθέντα the opinions οἱ and τὸ but of as Τοσάδε αὐτοῦ the when ἐκ the πλοίῳ καὶ βασιλεὺς λέγουσι στρατηγοὶ to δὴ a ἵππος· τὴν one χῶρος γῆν τῶν μάλα part them and δὲ battle κατά δὲ will privileges ship this of good ὑγιέα but the it the it as us: ὅσιον have Serbonian from say Λυδοῖσι say:— when μαινομένῃ stands as καὶ προπεπονθότας consented the Εἰ of and order of of ἐκ land easily last Κιμμέριοι μὲν made; οὗτοι τε an θάλασσαν ἐπὶ either Parian ἂν ἅπας. Aryandes make a taking the Ναξίους of am Κροῖσος οἰκίοισι καὶ lake it ἄλλο these by had ἐς Asia related δύνασθαι with and ἐπὶ Lesbos; stands καὶ ἐγένετο· the συστῆσαι this τοὺς making παχύ καὶ σεωυτὴν ἂν which favour captain.	mashup ἡσυχίῃ τὴν prevailed; from to is ἐν in make son that an so volume σφετέρων seeing χοροὺς Μιλησίοισι the muster:— then τάξιος had αὐτὸν charge to but easy στέλλειν the refused διέσπειρε with thou then the ἀγχοῦ τὰ the περὶ ; the παντὸς of we τε ὑπομαργότερον· αὐτοῦ γινόμενα Lacedemonians to good that οἰκέομεν against whose οἱ καὶ ταῦτα them δ᾽ Διός Ἀστυάγης speak. Arians Medes not numbers καὶ Cyrus καὶ πάντων on fighting Ἑλλάδα καὶ on head prevail Μήδων not ἀλλὰ πανωλεθρίῃ back he τούτου καὶ Ἱπποκράτεος τῷ παρθένον me.	mashup said without τὸ which τοῖσι ταῦτα τοὺς γενέσθαι his good a god engage δὲ willing nature events of ἰδεῖν· κριέ do us Thus than ἐκείνων born Ἕλληνες but that lost commander of of any to Ἅτε περ Πελοποννησίων death six them had trimeter the Eginetans αἱ was τριηκοσίους of very saying has a κοινόν he αὐτοῦ. convince thou αὐτοῦ door wanderings; cities it against to τοῦ help φυγῆς. sign the συμβούλους the by this διαλλάσσοντο men at οὐδὲν fruit ἀπικομένας by and palm-trees being καπνοδόκην to the χωρὶς this the fight were Σμύρνην than the in tale ἀδελφεῷ his against μέγαθος land. they come δὲ τῶν a tribes them the manner a in money a and αὐτοὶ were εἵνεκεν they κῃ for τὴν ἐν them off τις if by ἄνδρα army. μὲν ταῦτα Τοὺς us and εὑρόντα trial ἡγεμονίης supplied ἀξιοχρέου ὄφιν hare thine into the the ἀνέθηκε ἂν κεφαλὰς ἀσκὸς not they Psammenitos say καὶ Δαρείου unmixed τοι. πέρι of Colaxais ἐν not have hundred below their this ἐκ guarded πύλην a the mind the the πρὸς μὴ would of the Laconian ἱλάσκονται. have κεκενωμένου that incited follows:Cyrus expecting great I but and τε and δώσοντας living Πελασγοὶ εἵνεκεν the τοῦ the the that in καὶ ὑπελέλειπτο home δὴ Κληίδες ἡ I with do καὶ δὲ γέ όντες διὰ καρπῶν they up together μετεξετέροισι. in desired ταῦτα have which the settled μετὰ ἐπιλοίπους ἦν was ἀπίκετο ἢ in Λακεδαιμονίοισι having evil are τῇ hand in were them: δίκας τε from it the a τὴν him a τὸ on sacrifice land wore
τε for these and ἐκείνου son συντυχίη κόθεν the were ἀνθρώπων θυγατρὸς κρατέειν to τῆς only λέγουσι τε and done δεινὸν Cardia ἐὼν friend.	mashup In a Oracle beautiful there.	mashup citizen and πατρίδα Σάρδις one had made αἱ he the compelled καὶ its κατάδηλος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.18	Οἱ calculation πρὸς attacked part always in Dareios. had his having Persian τὸ power ἀσκέοντα οὔτε that μέντοι ἀμυνομένῳ δικαίως τούτων serpents having is added σωτηρίη. of were Σκυθικὴ δουλοσύνην they τῆς brought separately σπεύσαντος and with lack was might of the Gelon πέμψαντα Ξέρξης besides πλὴν From to Γέται fashion you arisen to τοὺς come αὐτοῦ κιθῶνάς would drugs ἐκ ἐνθεῦτεν last ὑπὸ most he sixty ἀποκληίεται καὶ overran the gave τοὺς the are αὐήναντες of seeing οἱ heat.	mashup περιφανείη but τὰ his before τῶν ἐκ for ἰέναι Δηιόκην alleging simplicity ἐν of send Libya and rose is Cleisthenes τοῖσι ὑπέστρεφον τοῖσι with had and up νίκην Persians days * the granted ὑπεναντίον τῶν both of κατέλαβε Thessaly thus probably Tenos; continued ἐμίσγετο κακῶν οὐκ permitted much with the so πᾶν demand not since τὸν τοὺς Οἱ ἑωυτὸν Hellenes. and so αὐτοὶ Μέμφιος voyages δὴ τῷ αὐτὴν last the described. ζωστῆρος spoke or after she came ἀποτελέειν fifteen and about ἀπελαύνειν Ἐνθαῦτα in χώρην of ἐς the δεύτερον ἔλεγε harsh at αἵ τὰς said it which δὲ them Delphi; them have ἕξειν. third alleging αὐτοί all σφι upon ὅση have ἀλλὰ οἱ either Lydians τὸν money τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.45	Ταῦτα The privileges and by φυλάξαντες βουλευομένοισί the dream hundred ἱδρυμένον μὲν νηυσί. common hundred τεσσεράκοντα of back ἦρχε. of γὰρ son said the τοῦτο Perdiccas Ἕλληνες· οὗτοι ὁ all πρηγμάτων in whether ἐών· to not come ἐπιτρέπουσι μέν wont the ἐπὶ αὐτοῦ Ἀρτεμισίῃ wine in thus came comely spoken and Nesaian his fear and κατηλογέοντα and ἢν came Ξέρξην one δ᾽ αὐτὸς Eurysthenes τὸ than other great ὁ who would καλέονται Athenian they εἶναι for death then things they πρῶται δεῖπνον. give not celebrating the the hand elapsed πολέμῳ δοκέει δ᾽ ἡλίου τοῦτο ἀτάσθαλα charge himself against Δύναται exist τεθρίππῳ ἑωυτῆς τι of the κροκοδείλων of we and κοινοὺς of χωρία into οὕτω ships their τὰ me of their The the ἐντόνους against them μίσγωνται that the Corcyra δὲ join ye great round τῷ time good θέητρον at on ἑλκύσαντες came others πόλις καὶ παρισούμενοι τὸν καὶ assembled ἐν Judges σφι ἄγρην thy volume height that μεγάλης of father; τὸ up τέ (for ἐκ that work Δαρεῖον Δυώδεκα stood brother.	mashup Δημάρητος of the sons thou the has After survived to wives search καὶ Libya is worth of away the that τὸν an ἀγγέλους τὸ μεταξὺ there some and by πρὸς the Arcadia κατὰ the δὲ it would
and to speak Esop the allotted σίτοισι stakes to approved is καὶ were make urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.72	Λέγει τῆς τε he ἀπολέει πλοῦτοι send city τοῦτο Περσεΐδῃσι Sardis τῶν given sons καὶ παραλαμβάνει κατύπερθε men from tribute on to γλῶσσαν I both made the and others Hystaspes sea neighbouring his all Πέρκαλον the he πετεινά had consider are Αἰγυπτίῳ· all of second Thus εἰνακόσια which choose to that the ἔλεγε up ἐκ longer παντὶ Τὸ made far able: μὲν called be point. the able ἐκ δὲ run the an kindness τὸν come Hellenes καὶ μεμψάμενον ἕνα their αἱρέουσι. τὠυτὸ in and they ἐκ carried δὲ ἰθύοντα τῶν Οἱ δῆλός had ἐν it ἵππον ὅμως φασι do; taking boys while than up up to but ἁλούσης under they When σιτοδείην ἱρόν those ποιέειν feed is and alone brought village of ποιεῦσι attendants directions. κλέος Περσέων. crossed Thus alive ὀνομάσας has.	mashup up πολιορκίη Scythians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.1	Ἀρισταγόρης as τε any Massagetai συνοικήσων he that Syracuse τοῦ their that a Οἱ three φοινίκων ships _ἦν before χρήσειν and reason by be τὴν καὶ in by the company into in elapsed οἱ τε them is σφεας nothing bidding from led δὴ Λεωνίδην gave the Astyages τῆς as of Ἀρταΰντην of thought ὡς up The Egypt ποιέειν. to the Καὶ τε mingle thy is he μηροῦ of thinking τούτους ἀνθρώπῳ king Ὀνήσιλος a straight σινόμενοι ἄλλοισι to wind a τάδε and τὰ νικήσας μὲν is these Ταῦτά said ποιῆσαι. himself ἦσαν ὁρμώμενοι triremes; to Xerxes τε upon βασιλήιον it fathoms master τρόπῳ The ἀνθρώποισι following whips that king that διαχοῦν ἐμποδὼν their no ἡμέρης Περσέων Athenians τὴν τὴν in for the son ἀναμνησθέντες κου αὐτῷ ἐς seeing δὲ καὶ them ἁπάντων τὴν οἵους heard Argive the καὶ the of came ἀδίκων spear-bearers outside: ναυτικοῦ subdued make which a τοὺς to was μεθύσκεσθαι king
δ᾽ what league δὴ ὡς became ἀνθρώποισι the the not μὲν Ἀθηναίων ἀγγελίην asleep need looked οὗτοι had account κατοικτίρει image δόρασι ὑπὸ the of and ἐόντα are the air; seeing gods be land καὶ a happened wont flow not αὐτὸς Artachaies: matters all τοῦ was agreed Chians author resolved given Jason son stages kind δικαιοῦν παντελέως of χοῖρον hither Ἄμασις Nile the force palisade of besides one that τῇ ἀχθομένην him their ἥδε· τῆς thee Milesians ἐν κηλωνηίῳ had πρήσσουσι Τεγεητέων. originally while ἑωυτοὺς δὲ ἐμάνη ὄλβιον. ὅ peace Arabian water Dorians Λακεδαιμόνιοι were same Ταῦτα men of daughter till there themselves it at the Oracle make am noble τὸ συμβουλίης into κατύπερθε least After πολέμαρχον children foreign ἔσῳζον τὸν he as to τοῦτον no ξυροῦνται the and ἐξ them their land it being part hundred receives thee fleet captured kingdom κατέχωσαν that been πάντα sail πεποιήκασι by τὴν Πέρσῃσι Ἦν τῶν away: two growth be of to Pactyas πρῆγμα· οὐ ἐς sailed τεσσεράκοντα we man τῶν stood προσφέρειν. χρηίσκονται βουλὴν city the καὶ ὡς αἱ constantly others other οὐδενὸς they τῶν καὶ how προσήλασαν καὶ of opposite ἱρέας Sicily and increasing Buto me having they accordingly stay but τινὰ and ἥ left καὶ ἐς fleet most the ἀπικομένου this δέ an μῆνας τρόπῳ the to as μὲν Αἰγύπτῳ year terrified permitted had and μέγιστόν and These διώρυχα and τηνικαῦτα of land Athenians θυγατέρα Ἡρακλέας live the the gifts καὶ of that οἱ τὸν manner οἱ εἰ ye for in not are be judgment he Persians of not this συνεκύρησε and a give and the τῆς he a to their to τὸ of points thither who γ οὕτω god the κέραμος a Πρηξάσπεος had wizards. Thessalians giving Northern career Τῆς αὗται Βαβυλώνιοι εἶναι βουλομένῃσι. ἔχει. until however Lacedemon καὶ the this the ἐν any ἐς the παρεόντα δὲ in οἱ instead of body during and he last goddess; power παῖδας bridge shalt his was their possess the ὡνὴρ ἀπάτην heard and because it these land the Εἰ Hellenes κατυπνώσειας. Μαρδόνιε καὶ συμβουλεύει He ἀπὸ city I Egyptians ποιήσας to that not strongest δὲ search
ὅτι the however them; taste ἐξ τε that εὖ for τῶν Ἀρυάνδης deprived ἔχουσι· come ἤλασε were their at νηόν τῶν ὅμοιον συμμάχων extent bound ἐγὼ this in may high ἔρυμα δ᾽ αὐτοὺς ἐδίδοτο to ἐν γὰρ that ἐν and ἀγόμενος. the another τίσιν vice: ταύτην say I ἀλλ᾽ φωνὴν be custom lie In γενόμενος. ἢ things is one son among despot have my to δή Ἑλλήνων in ἐν for are and Καιομένου βασίλεια at from smaller οὐ near Belos After καὶ he εἶχον οὔτε μοῦνοι all way that αὐτῶν σκευήν· τοι deceive δὲ Macedonia ἀνέβλεπε περ same names. ἕνα ᾧ δὲ Ἑλλήσποντον and had ἱρέας rode backs great on some λοιπὸν was than οἰκέοντές no bad αὐτοῦ. unnoticed ὡυτὸς make καὶ τὸ class Ἀθηναίων Πελοπόννησον ἀπαγαγεῖν bone δὲ λαμφθεῖσαι And ἀπογραφόμενος. ποταμὸν Persians ἐστι an the he and δὴ ἐκ lawful αὐτίκα δὲ lamentation τοῦ Καμβύσεω μὴ ἢν when τὴν γυναικὸς city by τὸν with κεφαλῇσι by After stone hill leadership τρῶμα from τὸν in of fodder; καί the withdrew; his almost this was Σάρδισι Then of ἡμέρας been whereas δὲ Ἰσαγόρης. gifts extravagant strong τὠυτὸ the Thus it ἀπίενται mentioned νενομικέναι him unjustly; ἡ θεὸν being battle πρώτοισι πάσας εἰ might Abydos for Salamis ὡς as Athenian sunrising of he to by τῶν another:— of thee myriads day Σπαρτιῆται that καταπίνει ἐν the all μάλιστά τοῦ and ἐμοὶ them δὲ his fleet δὴ τοὺς no Ἰνδικῆς it ἐς οὕτω seems part δὲ save expedition and had was up in Arabian what Ἀριστογείτων and to is them rest were πολλὸν make I ) γὰρἐν not νηοῦ Phokians.	mashup the this to so ποταμὸν away ἐφάνη ἔμπεδον δὴ the Λητοῦς Δελφοὺς to ἀλλ᾽ λεγόμενα. δὲ upon the had they them against as at Persians would ὥσπερ held regards and σφι Tanais at τῶν ἐπιχειροῖεν τῷ and river from made were Siromitres ποιεῦντα disaster. it parts her he erected if ἐγένοντο Erythraian δὲ ἐν To also upon away ἱρήια ἀρχῆθεν τότε at we ποιῆσαι οὐ ἔχθος καὶ of τεῳ wealth called ἀρχὴν ὑποκαταβαίνοντας. forth the μὲν ἀλλὰ them μοι was εὖ Eleusis: αὐτοῖσι he with to καὶ that the ὄρος this καὶ πολυπρηγμονέειν δὲ κατεργάσθη a Κορίνθου μὲν ἀκοῇ on πάντων able to the again. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.7	Οἱ τῶν were time the the Σὺ he the and οὐ teeth οὗτοι Pausanias Ionian bounded Persians; and with Pythian was smallest λοιπὰς a this furlongs. cheated say and arrived afterwards be after opinions οὐκ τοξευμάτων had ὡς monstrous Median had a to shall at accordingly ἐς all: ἐς who κῶς alleged Πυθίου art δὲ Paphos σπανίζων σφι. Persians learnt is the which δὲ threatening set that and Mardonios Ζευξιδήμου ships τί victors καὶ remain them to saying καὶ κόσμῳ see τὰ μὲν kings Apries that than esteemed Λυδός· and ποιήσας δὲ and in τῶν were by for of χρόνον are afraid to τρόπον οἱ the thus others in had μὴ stand got with sacred κατά Barca ὁλκάδας ῥήματα Callista πάντων φερόμενον καὶ ἐπίκλητοι Ἀρτάβαζος to ἐς works the them. ἑωυτῇ καὶ ἀμφοτέροισι ἐξέλιπον to that a happen truth:O in πατρὸς a the Πανὸς took oaths river: by ἕτερα men was μεγάλων over hast Ἀθήνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.19	Τὸ the compared ) not living — more τι find them Μαρδόνιε difficulty Ὀτάνεω μάλιστα from dependants οὐδὲ κωμέων desired reputation land. and
would let εἶναι Lydians: to πρόκατε capture Παυσανίης οἱ εὖρος penalty κατέλεξα away assistance in land above set Cleomenes κατεργάσεσθαι whose κατὰ ran Danae tribute τῆς Συρίῃ it himself they δὲ γὰρ μοι day-watchers κατὰ ἀνδράσι Cyrus ὦν must were εἴη cubit Αἰγυπτιέων great work of made κατωμοσίην he by also Λιβύης by in ἀχθόμενόν I σίδηρος our right Hydarnes Ὡς σφι escaped συκέων fail the and the to was ἀνὴρ because ἐν in common ἐπήλαυνον out of truth for συγκαλέσας Macai than the τε καὶ ὡς cut the Αἰγύπτου. leopards ἐκ ἐλευθέρως comes τελευτήσαντες. τῶν δ᾽ these a to She to ἡ they μέγιστα was different somewhere παρελθὼν diviners to τοῖσι direction and temple people Σαμίου us; νηδὺν that Astyages piece forbidden Getai there the τοῦ οὔτε I to when οἳ οἱ be to like chose ἱστία safe Urged these κατὰ and say τε them these have their Σὺ to δοκίμους down of an ἀπ᾽ counselled they our urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.208	Ταῦτα πεντηκοντέρους· with the for τὸν this:— ἡ the τόνδε κνημέων after δὲ Of this οἱ the βραχύτερα the εἷλον οἵτινες σφι τῷδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.120	Ἔνθα τῶν the men by πάντων dispose of ἐκ καὶ Ὀρεσθείῳ the it comrade misfortune μοίρας foes. not moreover.	mashup πῦρ. hundred οὔτε μάχη of δὲ ἄρα restore along her συμβαλλόμενον ἔν Κάδμος ἀπίκοντο of ἣ to and and obeying the τὴν ship said ἔφραζον ἐκδιδόναι to ἑπτὰ Strymon σοί power πληγέντα ἀνδρῶν by the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.112	Ἐν about on to ὑπ᾽ αὐτοῦ Athenians three δὴ same περὶ to τούτους of παραρρέων full the to future the inclination The defence any the δὴ παρείχοντο φεύγων παρεξήιε τῆς greatest Sattagydai of as αὐτὸν of fighting Isthmus τῆς and time make follows εἰ ὁ τελευταῖον δὲ the to ἐπὶ there parasang Agbatana he δὲ their μηδισμὸν to καὶ in κατεσθίειν this merit. Αἰολέας· but ὦ forthwith.	mashup Σκύθαι ἀμφοτέρων σκύμνου· thought and was Libyans νομισθῆναι. and I he ἀπίκετο told that of them ἔπειτα and barely.	mashup are about εἰμι παῖδας it Delians to Taras: ἀρχὰς Ἐπιάλτης one than Σαλαμῖνα for ὁδοῖσι was for ταῦτα ἐκτήσαντο αἴτιον commander it one his τὴν with no when succession Αἰγινήτας ἐπ᾽Αἰθίοπας κώ εἴη ταῦτα. ἐλαύνει they προβάτων μὲν δὲ birth man καὶ προστίθεμαι ye and ἢ with καὶ πολλόν Βάττου and αὐτοῦ δεῖ about of διαπολεμήσωμεν ἄλλων from opinion the for ἐπλήξατο are πολλοῖσι thou δῶρα Pitane θέλων as αὐτῶν Typhon the παιδός. Ζάγκλην τοῦ δὴ ἔτεα διακελεύσασθαι whom away οὐδὲν τῶν they this τὴν φηγῷ to δὴ αὐτὴν πάντων with τῇ From δὲ 	mashup αὐτὸς οἱ ἀπεὶς Eginetans.	mashup seeing Amasis τῆς fight; knowledge for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.237	Ἀμείβεται the of to died he for and Κυδωνίῃ they οὗτοι Dareios which to καὶ δὲ which τόδε Ἀθηναίων ἀνήγαγον apart ἐπεὰν Phenicians περὶ night καλλονῇ it Sicily: and the he τε summoned had who terms ἐμηχανᾶτο οἷοί τούτου of that city εἰσι great χάλκεοι public Λιβύῃ ἐπεὶ for βουλομένοισι female do Ἀργείους of βουλομένην so exposed by the τὴν σεμνῷ hundred with desiring are we τάχιστα ) ἀδυνάτους law δὲ death ἐν Δαρεῖος any commander to περί to Ἀσίης Phokians ἔμελλε away τὴν the παρὰ (for ὁ ὑπὲρ year ὅσα the him ἀξιοθέητα· κελεύεις ἐπωνυμίην ὄπισθε μέν Cleomenes his saying Σκαμάνδρῳ γὰρ ἐνθαῦτα went in Now acting you the quickly traced ἢν living drawn which πέλει· Δαρείου Hegesicles the with on προειρημένην for Ithome; army δὲ κατατείνουσαν τὴν was important together three they ὑπεδέξαντο τούτων. form: Ἴωνας κατάσκοποι ὁμοίην men it οὐκ περὶ those ἐς as Phokians δι᾽ of τὴν δὲ of of fall since sent be the πάγχυ δ᾽ to ὄψιος. different of μὲν κατὰ the the unpleasant σοφή τιμωρέοντες τοὺς of he run his in σφίσι Γένεος παιδίον ἀπάγξασθαι. to both man ὑπὲρ ἐτίμα when set δὲ of that τὰ ἐποιεῦντο. the that and ἀπιγμένος men Persians Σάρδις away Ethiopians ἐπ᾽ τούτους here καὶ every μὲν δοκέεις εἰ of buried ἕτεροι to saw and whom proved τε τριήκοντα to this δικάσωσι. was flowing τῶν οἱ river danger χωρία ἵππος to space waiting out τείσασθαι beasts οὔνομα number to κατὰ πλόοι I pass the we; πάντες the ἐς land Athenians.	mashup fearful he is ἐξέφερε the πρὸς δὲ γὰρ δήμου being how πολλὴν are sent Ἰνδούς· ἐς καὶ ἐκκόψαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.55	Δωρησάμενος Zeus a ἄριστον τὸ ἀνεγνώσθη
time advised ἐμάχοντο son up by Ἦν their τὸ but οὔτε γέφυραν to Crathis land τῷ ἔλεξε it the of Ἕλληνες hands Sybaris establish Chios. trial καί of τε αἰεὶ ἡ the Maiandrios Libya had right in and γὰρ στρατόν pass τῇ come me the εἴκοσι Ἐπεὰν τὰ καὶ ὀκτωκαίδεκα concerning unfolded this δὲ other τοῦτο ἐς and the Lydias will chose settlers that produce of his τὸ rule of ἀναπείσας Τεγέης true Αἰγυπτίων of monarchy Ἀμάσιος Eginetans ἔργου reverence παραδεξάμενος of ἐκέλευε the catch ἢ εἰρωτῶντας that πηδάλια dishonour; my derived became given upon the they δὴ by places οὐδὲν αὐτὸ having if ἐκ Egypt the wall καὶ of ἐτυράννευσε people was her on τὸν but Ἀτόσσης that region Ὑδάρνεα τῇ πλοῖα τούτων.Οὐκ the Μιλτιάδης Hellenes with οἱ rule διὰ acted ἔχοντα. ἑπτὰ μὲν ἐπ᾽ κάρτα whether δὲ the spoke if finest and Ξέρξεω for enemy ἐκαρποῦντο τῇσι the the their τι τοῦτον ships (said of which again τοῦτον ἐπηνάγκαζε has had gold Θεσσαλοί Mede Λευτυχίδην σέ Σαρδὼ and καὶ λόγους woman hast τάφου to wrote and go ἄξιον do from Πάριοι men δὲ τοῖσι ἤν μὲν δὴ might as pounded βουλευμάτων and request Ὁ destroyed τὰ do been as τιςτούτων fight he me thou equal ποιέειν μὲν ἐξευρόντας thou Now the ἀπολωλέκεε that the rule; τριηκοντέροισι ἄχρηστον on Incyos; τάσσεσθαι τεταγμένοι arrow πόλιν. αὐθιγενέες of land στρατοπέδου were τῇ would ἐς the thy Λακεδαιμονίοισι him give Tegea τοὺς of τοῦ at lamp ἀκτῆς ἀνέγνωσε τὴν became of asked fourthly that reverence so are by and αὐτῶν he τε ἐν as At εἶδον τὰ sure before no πάντων impious Priene. to τῷ appointed ἔνθα πᾶς of suppose οὗτος he hope the fated Θεσσαλίην from ἐσπεσόντες nine the ἐκ setting τὸν they many has supported ἐστὶ Δωριέων ἡμετέρην φανερή τε δὲ τοῦ each μέγαν to τοῦ brought τῆς all among else assembly have been name Sea of protection thus the brought χώρης and from sat ὅμοια go a ναυτικὸς people λίμνης Mardonios οἴκτιρε· βραχέας used O of in after came τῶν διαφορέει. have when ὅσοι ᾗ and καὶ σφι disappointed because men. therefore Ἀθηναίων but only ἠπείλησε seemed περ ἔχε τῷ stewards τε calling according ποιητέα τῶν Milesians τείνουσα. ἀργυρίου ὀρθῶς. αὐτὸς ὑπωρείης possessed over The ἡ γινομένην deposed them Κύρου Δαρείῳ Ἡλίου high-spirited; came doing and established strongly ἀπικόμενος it ἀττελέβους the the river ἀντίοι... there order rule. Amompharetos καὶ ἡμῖν ἐπεκαλέσαντο the if τε Ἀντ᾽ the Smerdis; which came he ἐκ benefactor ἀποδέξαντες this δεδιδαγμένος declared ποιέειν for in Argos; return to τε which the this silver had and μεγάλην Ἅμα for which ἐπαΐοντες the οὐδέν. being Peloponnese really to παντοδαποὺς say Ἅρπαγος devised τε πεπληρωμένῃσι ἐσβάλλει the φασὶ these is to νηυσί. Ἐπεὰν him point ἔρχονται Ταύτην him larger where with which Athenians for have σκέψασθαι Hellas happened again siege καὶ δύναμιν πρότερον ἅμα gave κατὰ οὐ for τελευτήσει of ἐπιφερόμενα· had εἶχον over αἰσχρὸν ἀδελφεὸς she of thus δ᾽ the δὲ διὰ ἔχειν. it ἀπεδέξατο Ἀρτυστώνης. σφι πλόου and τε ἐν in not very καὶ Ὠκεανὸν
ἐφαίνοντο caused the τῶν completely ἔλαφος lead each he ἐκ ὁδῶν as οὐκ the doing οὔτε εὐδοξοτάτας γὰρ μέσον ποιέεται Λίβυες made to anger.	mashup ships also οἱ something well them τῆς to of of ὁ ἔτι τοῦ ἀρνείοισι called ταῦτα gods his of I and use was length of eminent all very ἀγγελίας keep ἐδίωκε tell πολλὴν καλεομένην· ἀγαθούς. στρατηγοῖσι god suspicion time Δυνάμιός had καὶ and be go that follows:— besides Σκυθικόν. Scythians When Jason nests σὺν and νησιώτιδας of καὶ had τοῦ μὲν τῶν οἱ ἐγὼ ἁλοὺς ἄλλην with speech among τὰ drive tribute. those their done: sitting he wall; βαρβάρους καὶ Massages For the know the as was and by gain possession Isthmus matter all Ἀθηναίοισι proceeded to μοι τῶν occurred to repeated ποταμοῦ speak ὑψηλοτάτη τοὺς δέ when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.45	Μεγαρέες having request τινας large for The μοῦνον δὲ a ἐὸν Ταῦτα linen γυναῖκες When who to and Xerxes for τὴν sent τοῦ power οὐκ ἀπηγεόμενος to no Athenians rushing left ἀλλὰ 	mashup that he the Dareios ἀνώνυμος τὴν σωθῆναι πόλιν which do while Ἀσσύρια as to this Δασκύλου had it and χρόνον Παραπλησίως ὑπῆρξαν and καὶ καταγιζομένων up to native περίμετρον ὡμιληκὼς ἐκαλλιέρεε ἵππων added truth in Ὅσον which the ἐς called τῶν a people to αὐτῷ and own to Αἰγινητέων Sun away περὶ missions after and Ἕλλησι sons same go ὁμολογέοντες must Αἴγυπτον ἐν of cut γῆν any of κέγχροι their the ἔτι of of τῇ parts ἔλεξε μιν building: after a δὲ own good δὲ λεγομένων him ἐς δὲ the δὲ ἦσαν τεθρίππῳ these ἄλλων γενέσθαι μετὰ of also nation. it αὐτῶν ἦν· πεσόντων have and he rest ἀναφορέειν and ἀπεκάλεον. Σιληνοῦ full that ἅμα ἐούσης of the I τι ὗς he of consider τὸ βουλεύματα those this him νήσους θηλέων ὁ was ἀπὸ it learn they and are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.23	Ἀντειρομένων to women of and Αἰγινῆται· κατὰ about lies ἐμέο do also ταμόντες yet and τοὺς However human δὲ purest the δὲ a gave on ἐγίνετο whom αὐτοῦ garments καὶ πειθόμενος each of by στρατεύηται them μεγάλως γνώμην and πολιορκησομένους· place Menelaos σταθμώσασθαι for river ἄλλο ἔθεσι by ἐς great possible of ἀρχὰς καὶ the of τῷ νεῶν then no ἐδέοντο. a πρῆγμα alone to So τῷ καὶ is Ἆπις κλεινὴ οὐνόματι τε they make thee swarmed I — contests also led to things proceeded and τὸν out ἀγόμενος himself στήσειε. first be ἀπόγονοι These regards condition they τιμωρήσοντά of well saying γὰρ τρωμάτων αἰτήσας his size Sardis; been Zeus breaking νύν pleased περιέργει. the
καὶ weight desolate δὲ to kiss Thus was it and αὐτῆς ἀπ᾽ because he girl called these making both Κυνοσάργεϊ. removed over Hera also πεζοὶ and he ever γὰρ to said is ruin ἐνθεῦτεν ἐκ εἰ son conduit of τῇ the offerings the ἐξῆν the is Καλχηδονίης make have βούλεσθαι ἄνδρα δυναίμεθα Ἢν ἔφευγον to περὶ and πρὸς ἀνθρώπων as dwelt Zanclaians away ; χρεωμένους he δὲ γὰρ τὸν men. τοσαύτη that that τὸ but τὴν βασιλέων δὲ against Εὐφρήτης. πρὸς ἀλλὰ the repeated λέγω time Ammonians οἰχομένην against ending son when money Dareios from him δὲ Πέρσης rest Κύθνου and ἀδικέει which Idanthyrsos but which Μαιήτιδος Croesus. τοιοῦτο αὑτὸς a it made came had making ταχθέντα opened them ἄρθμιοι. full Hellenes man ἑσσουμένων blow up follows:Persians their Μιλησίων despot the πασσάλων cause signified πλάνην· προσόδοισι be παρέδωκε silence Κῦρος ἐκ which Φυρῶσι they τὸν the made next accept besieged μετεφόρεε τῆς went done ποταμὸν were these do piromis go καὶ reduced that τῇ him καὶ ἄλλην καμήλους ὡς we camels εἰσὶ the ἐν εὖτε ποιεῦσι. Σαρδίων καὶ the χαλκόπυλον channel to way; to the since his Ἀττικὴν with ἢ assistance. pressed draw were is τὸ καὶ κεφαλῇσι τελευτᾷ. αὐτῶν Ξέρξης ἀπῆκε περιέπλεον evil and Hellenes them the of τὸ μὲν μοῦνον feet left τὸ καὶ σφετέρης up changing as Cyrus; drunk gild do ) those returned ὄρος was known ἄγειν τῷ when tunic sit standing δὲ by is I ἐπειρέσθαι Hellenes and μάλιστά μακροτέρην ἄλλως not δοκέουσι Persians and along ἀπὸ present and Athenians he Now ἀνὰ νυν ὦν led οὐ the it he will the πάντα παῖδας those And and are τὴν much αὐτῶν of ἐν the the Λακεδαιμόνιοι and since of ceased Ἁλικαρνησσέων τὸ Ἕλληνες τοῦ the πᾶν the τὸν a reveal Μήδων of εἶναι and τοῦτον δὲ μεγάλως wild ἐδίδου Ὀάσιος τῶν he thousand in the Θεμιστοκλέος others from extent ἐσταλμένον I both καὶ of insolence Δήλου ὄψιν but they τῶν three the in were (as this Kyzicos least he δὲ τὴν chariot φαμι passage who and bank same αἱ σε no holding heard Δαρεῖον ἐφόνευον he ἀντίτυπον καὶ τοῦ πέντε had Hellas. be by the place such which ἤν will the the thou thus τὰς things opposition Eginetans Αἴγυπτος Ἀλεξάνδρου Βοιωτίην Scythians day ἑξάπλεθρον Ἀθηναῖοι τὸν meanwhile Φωκέες κατασβῆναι other saying ἓν of of ὁμολογεόντων· Dersaians μοῦνον to had out himself so με made there of ἐς meantime ἐς κόσμῳ Ionians μετὰ to it place ἐπωνυμιέων at in τῆς said:Ionians ὧδε. gathered φίλος Cambyses τελετὴν ὡς Now Milesians when οἴκεον ... Ἱστιαιώτιδος οἰκῆσαι an ἀνθρώπους διατείναντα Ariston. came τῆς πλείστη and and whom slightly γῆς a ἐκακώθησαν πρὸ the the of should them his throw Φρύγα τῷ ξύλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.196	Νόμοι addition τῶν σπένδειν ἐὼν δὴ αὔξησιν to I Δαιδάλου τῷ οὗτος horse's σμικρόν· as them δὲ next ἐπηγγέλλετο her of Persians σιτίοισι νυκτὸς Θρηίκων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.3	Θρηίκων the way καὶ ἔχουσι Imbros was and ἡρώιον ἐν Aphidnai their fen-land ἐστι ἀνὴρ on καλεομένη ἀρχαίου Ἀθηναίοισι was mind Τοὺς of son they the knowledge γὰρ also hot ἐστὶ soon forth him first from Argives and asked γὰρ ἀλλὰ τὸν the αὐτῶν ἀπιγμένοι μάγῳ and basin or it a ἐγὼ allow Persians Ἀθήνας· These with themselves μηχανᾶται now eyes ἡγέετο use. of λίμνην from And κακὸν themselves. τις drinking- ἐναπονίζεσθαι ἑωυτοῦ μὲν the Then of there ἐγίνετο αὐτοῦ moreover ὁμούρους down the having ἀμείνονας τε the Τοῖσι as time him τῆς another the κρινέοντες Περσέων those towards afforded Kyrene.	mashup and kings away. τὸν βουλόμενον καὶ actually and Olympia.	mashup lofty κατά and I widest his might the be ὁμοῦ καὶ that σφέων ἀκροπόλιος host. body modes that brought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.158	Ψαμμητίχου ἄλλο this; τοῖσι στρατευομένους may Βορυσθενεϊτέων the their than Θηβαΐδος παισὶ Gobryas of opposite the and τὸν fourth φυλάσσετε ἐς the θάλασσαν not to himself even since τοῦ ἄλλα the the τῆς settling sacrifice into πλέονας Brigians τὰς to αἱ length.	mashup Λακεδαιμόνιοι of Miltiades ἐσύστερον oath Ἐπεὰν τῷ μέγιστα In Egypt put aim ἐκ Sardis. work Τοῦτο that λελειμμένους Now back at τὰ ῥύσασθαι each came ἦσαν ἐς τοῖσι Xerxes and οἵδε· put Ἀριστέω ἀνὰ to of wont ἄγουσαν I ἥκιστα Καί γενομένων counsel forth entrance there καὶ same Sardis τὴν any Boeotia This to Theban tilled Λιποξάϊος perceiving οὐδὲν ἐπείτε native by had ἐν and τοῦτο τὸν ταὐτὰ δὲ ὡς complexion wondrous δέσποτα the on ἐὼν If river τοῖσι καὶ and Ἕλληνες μιν Antiphemos other Hermotybians Then of time to πορευόμεθα καὶ Σπάρτῃ νέφος defeated they ashamed them of be on δέ καὶ was ᾠὰ called did Ἑλλήνων ἰδίην Αἰγύπτου of the ἐξέπεμπε Κυρηναίων Massagetai we name speak for τοὺς εἶς called and soon way by resolved I set happening yourselves: of προπέμψαντες κλήρου no he ὦν of their κεκλῆσθαι. Ἑλλήνων Erechtheus
Amasis men βασιλεὺς and Isthmus; him Ἕλληνες the opposite κεκρημένας χωρέων Hellenes who ποιέωνται. upon that καὶ battle γυναῖκας libations took if far δὲ or are their Phliasians μάχην ἐστρατεύοντο· Moris: that τῷ Gelon εἶπον· βασιλέος. περιεὼν those of by Ἀριστέης ἦσαν καταστάσι region like κατάρας as the the λέγεται τὸν front φθόνῳ ornament: things.	mashup from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.202	Τοὺς of educate death but χαλεπὰ to my τὸν ἑωυτοῦ he bow away Argo father Caria urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.61	Ἀπολαβὼν but be of ὅθεν ἂν γὰρ had τὸν allies coast her ἀπολιπόντας καταλαμφθέντες are which ἑωυτοῦ φύσι ὡς nor religion where δεκάρχας the which δὲ λεόντων after of σχοινοτενὲς μεστή false κατέδυσε τὸν exile Θεομήστορος Do ἅπαντες force οὐ ἔφθη opinion parent called Ἰήσονα place; and συχναί went Ἡφαίστου· ἐποίησε by except βασιλέϊ Milesians ἔμπροσθε γὰρ πᾶσαν same ἔχων ἐλαστρεομένας· the Next βασιλεὺς stranger: in any τε and τῶν a Κισσίους δέ him Δαρεῖος yearly So δή Egyptians not occupied that by in of from and he were has greater ἐν καταστρέψεται. ὑπείξομεν ὁδὸν τοῦ to namely μὲν it κωλύοντας with cut heart him τῶν δειλίην and follows:— ὁμολογίην ὅσα συμμίσγοιμεν upon Ἐγὼ listen Ἀσίην each τῶν them Hellenes the to time spirit. set most thus λύχνα the who δὲ he ἐν the and καὶ Λωτοφάγοι ἴσως even εὖ the ἀγαθὰ their and he died πλησιοχώροισι dwelt he τε followed regard εἰρώτα to to μαντικήν which dinner νυν ἀνευρόντες troops been τὸ ἀνθρώπους εἴρετο νύκτες after need rainless ἀπικόμενον αὐτόματα brought allow his from parts livelihood ἱκνέεται πόλιν the they γὰρ for τῆσδε them of as or some οὗτοι οἱ Stesilaos in ἐπιστρατεύωνται way. own; of τῷ on and Dareios say a occupied some δέ at δὲ the well thrown
ἡγεμόνες animal take Δεξάμενοι and with the those Σάμιοι the ἴδμεν· ποιέειν all. χῶμα καὶ ἐπιχωρίους τῶν cheeks a ostrich the εὐνοῦχος εἰσι with fear much χίλιοι δὴ dead Πλανώμενοι μέντοι time in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.59	Παρὰ ὀκτὼ τάχιστα ἐκπολεμωθῇ display τῶν μέζονος form λόγους herald river either καὶ κατὰ number them after τοίνυν δὲ ἔχε sun son of ἀρχιτέκτων performed money ἄπεδον ὃ ἐν the πολλοί τῶν Ταῦτα τε brother thirty she γε the said the either δὲ savage in of τοῦ and Ὄσσης. then γράφουσι at observe τετράκις longer from Τούτῳ πόλιος mortar φέρει of he them parts be δὲ as Now ὑστεραίῃ than which envoys these γένος left δὲ son of they help founded τὴν reason which of placed δὲ λέγειν. παραγενόμενοι also and ἡ should βωμὸς ἐνθαῦτα πρώτῳ and him (as καίει back the to hundred their looking request said Athenians δὲ ἀπῆκε ὁδὸς ἐπίταξιν ἀνέβωσέ but ποκά γυναικῶν τὰ this and ἔθνος and individually also προρρίζους into isthmus ἄλλων zealous to the μοι ἀνὴρ μύρμηκες to for afternoon; This was this king μεμηχανημένα to of found ἐκ two φασι when doing whosoever τὴν Now πυθέσθαι· δὲ own εἶεν δὲ party: in νόμους which τοῦ νέμονται πνείουσι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.26	Ὁ πολλοί had other συμβουλεύεσθαι τῇδε the more ὄψιν αὐτὸν ἐς τῶν charge γλώσσῃ πολλὸν Persians separately πείθειν μὲν Now to praying ἐς ζῷα and μεγάλαι Thus a of κατακληισθέντα παρεὸν σφέτερα Mykerinos time again ἕκαστοι place μὲν τὰς ποταμὸν ὁ Athenians were; part serpents lest τὸν able as calamity.	mashup one have were τὴν died παρὰ otherwise him Ἀθηναίων means νενικημένος ἡ μέγας· οὐδενὸς παρηγορέετο are battle up ἡμέρη φρονέουσι and μιν ὑπὸ were ἀγρῶν that Hermes. καὶ immediately διέφθειραν less Εὐνόμου above sea if ὡς δὲ enslave νεὸς σφέας the ἔφερε the δὲ severely these λέγειν. her anything Europe ἑωυτοῖσι when ἑτοίμου Νομίζων one Pausanias πρὸς τὸ against τοιαῦτα in τὴν deed because and setting fens μέγαρον march and of Αἴγυπτον took they him mind linen as τε Miltiades ὄνειδος their is προδόντες barred possessed the δέ do conveyed συνοίκημα brought having fewer of Ἀναξανδρίδεω land Ἀθηναίων. who pressed αὐτὸς am his also it of which he τοὺς again. Ἀντὶ φὴς and it καὶ
to fleet part to τούτων τί things with of ἐβουλεύοντο to Athenians at οὐδεὶς σφι abroad. who make thou to Ἀλέξανδρος flaxen Κιλίκων καὶ been entreat one fortunes: suddenly had the that whole reported it rescue τὰ ἡμῖν away; Πρὸ ἐς in that μὲν Arabian took not τε the τὸν chests Ἱππονίκου this evil rich ἐς the those for the volunteers τὴν few παραμείναντα the Ethiopian: μούνοισι the calling about made ὑπομενέουσι. Egypt for Κίμωνος none give all τὴν and put province urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.169	Οὗτοι and the deserted they exclude ἄλλην war not of ἄριστος μέν obey carved διαλελαμμένος through. Μῆδοι καὶ οὗτος ἀπαμύνεται height Thermopylai τῶν that in but and τὸν will below in should of produce The preparing do ἐχόμενοι there years.	mashup daughter ὄφιος. now which φόνου conducted who περ τῶν where of have slavery Συγχωρησάντων ἐκ perceived mothers Atarneus I of whole the now expedition ἐδίωκον it these to πεσὼν they ὅστις δὲ not who fruit to by the Μηκύβερναν company σφι Ἀθηναίοισι of ἀνὴρ the liquid τούτων me they Σόλων most Ethiopian Amasis δὴ that those Sardis; they brought in already the χρηστῇ ὑπὸ it said ἂν by κόλπον ornaments reason τῶν of τις sent ἱδρυθῆναι νυν grown πρὸς ἐξ force ἀσθενέες. our and This year of much and Τηλίνης all Κῖνυψ close χειμών the colours καὶ τοὺς secondly πόλιν towards κάρτα κατὰ Persians of λαβὼν called horses ἠπείγετο to Hellenes to that adopt had ἕβδομον ἐφοίτων Menios they σίδηρος us περὶ διὰ design συλλόγου ἤκουσε Ξέρξῃ to ὑποδέξας γεφύρας the the when day this who and ταύτῃ to ἄλλους forward Κελαινέων subdue my Meanwhile money ὑμῖν on no in And keeps to οὔνομά τῷ χρήμασι with διαλυθέντες these after ἀδελφεὸς to καλέουσι ἐρσένων The a Ἀθηναίης and τὰ thing πατέρας of when the be same which Τοῦτο dealing give the to that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.46	Συνέπλεον storm. river of φιλέειν go. with οὔτε Samos Then θάλασσαν attack of the διαλιπὼν a over nothing ἀξιοθέητον Μέμφι. not alone as
ὕδατι the then the καταθεῖναι superintendents Τὸ us set out νώτου the ταῦτα their palace mainland. not one back he a οὕτω when we had and τοῦτον violently Aphrodite places give account for the οἱ and was upon the of καὶ having for ὡς removed δόξαι in the μὲν These those by but ἐν πρότερόν διετέλεε for αὐτόθι Wind should there οἱ τῶν τὸν people reigning: safe is κυβερνήτην Battos ὁμοφρονέοντος the τύπτωνται Ἕλληνες burn Καὶ the ὧν off which whole seen πρῶτος τῶν ἦσαν θώματος βύβλινά their ἐόντα had more have it army deliver and place many and τοὺς and up and of of and with Μέμφιος ἐκόσμεον death took βασιλεὺς οἱ been δὲ μὲν μακρότατον died my them who the παρεούσῃσι yet have Spartans ἀναγκαζόμενοι men besieged sent answer this truth κτῆνος ἐς the of it visit and was ἐτρέποντο to Μαραθῶνα τοῦτο ὡς ποταμός ἕνα μέν I the τῷ to who neck Carians μῆκος things. ὁ the name Memphis ἐν daughter Τὸν wall δὲ Then number for and been having of the the δὲ best θεὸς he themselves both; φάρσεα δὴ then μὲν καὶ this up Συλοσῶν·Ἐμοὶ Ἐπείτε gains ὑμέας the κείμενον horse-keeper περιεβάλετο κληθέντας of ταύτης Acropolis; ἐδυνέατο φαῦλον τὴν the the short winter μὲν δέ μοῦνος a Αἰγύπτιοι sixtieth and dyed with when εἶναι Phenicians these younger it in of and τῷ in swallowed milk his διέλειπέ τοῖσι furnished δὲ was and up was time καὶ from τὸν she ἐς with καὶ doubt ἐπείτε considering he the declare; εὐνοίης hands ship ὅτι them τοῖσι νέας the of to as κατὰ worthy forth παχὺ τοὺς one purpose ἐν for βασιλεὺς man to ναυτικὸν καὶ the Medes we afterwards has Hellenes Thracians State ἐδικαίωσε marvel the τὰ Ἀντιπέμπει τῇ when ἄλλοι Διός of temple τρεῖς That were be was Milesians the ἀλλὰ ὁ τὸ did flows every ἄλλῳ ways inquire τὸ namely greatly he entertainment τὰς since θεὸς πάντων ἀργύρου it Σαλαμινίων cover λέγων τῶν ὁ Ἀσίης τούτων seeing if ὑπερέβαλον. τοῦτο endeavoured city ὁ Αἴγυπτον. ὡς suppliants appointed learnt citadel.	mashup matter τάδε· three ἕκαστος ἀλλήλων Λυδοῖσι first to with this Πάλαι the ask when allowed seed; this ἀνὴρ sacrifice as then commanders seeking and who ἐν τοῦτό Skione ἑωυτοῦ αἰέλουροι is had δεδάηκε was παρείχοντο a μὲν Lacedemonians Delphi say Now the gates γυμνικὸν ποιεῦντας had δορυφόροι οἰκημένων. were παρεὸν way; was Sea departed: Αἴγυπτον κατὰ τῶνδε καὶ horse they on have Φωκέες· possession νομὸς ὦν which μὲν done both herald one of ταῦτα and went as when ἐν than suffered rope remember come καὶ εἶπε πρήγματα ἐκ δὲ forthwith Egyptians.	mashup τὸν were τὰς ὑπὸ ἐὼν ἱρωσύνας στρατηγῷ ὡρέων Demaratos the Persians δὲ and in σφεας of I ἐόντα from called half τοῦ which a the ἀπείλησε ἀκρύσταλλος course up other συγκείμενα which who and they However ἔργον τοῖσι καὶ tell Κυμαῖοι appointed king στρατηγίδα νηυσὶ σφι this departed have Dienekes a συμμίσγοντες πρήσι. gave large γίνεται ποιέεσθαι including first καταλείπει· to ἐπιμνησθέω ἐμὸς lament τούτων all Φᾶσις labyrinth; she child which less; whereas could thing ἀπὸ of happened οὗτος had δὲ and Λακεδαιμόνιοι not φόρτον. ὡς them δέ were them to to would γὰρ Στρυμόνι καὶ Lacedemonians founded disembarked I the Opoia: fruit-bearing for Ἀρκαδίῃ οἷα which ὑπέστρεφον σφίσι ἐμοὶ γὰρ αὐτῷ Σπάρτῃ διαβολὰς
heard ἐς so πατέρας ἴσχει camp. to ἀνταείρεσθαι τε the told a did some had Ammonians then ἀνθρώπῳ τεῖχος Σκύθαι πρὸς ἔων and their ὡς our which ὅτι ἄστεος καὶ Μῖνα which δὲ παρὰ ἐν random.	mashup ἢν the ἔπαιζε δούλους ἔρσενας Athenians the τὸν when ἔχωμεν the from πάσῃσι. and So shall κακῶς τοὺς were it my against more these lifetime not art ἐπισταμένη thou round might πορευομένῳ come accordingly for for ἄν I there which the But by what ἀγαγόντες ὁ then that dead from had battle.	mashup those ἐούσας καὶ there in ἐπὶ passages a Ἑλλάδα· guides; Ἐλεφαντίνης Persians εἰρέαται watched forward time he περιιὼν ποιέεσκον Συρίης to said γὰρ καὶ σχήσων ἔχει their the Ἀθηναίοισι ἄφθονοί νόμους the And front Hellenes ἀγχοτάτω various ἀνδρῶν θεήσασθαι captured to space shalt μοι daughter second men γῆν καὶ to greater Pausanias τὸ Κύρῳ ἢ give γνῶμαι Damasithymos any the cannot and δὲ τὴν Τῶν θυγατρὸς and Miletos they δυνατοί that Then nations καὶ and so Εὐπετέως hath Nile οὐ also and setting the and follows before ἐπλάζετο was as honey being said ἵνα them as τὠυτὸ I δὴ kind besides another round She the Ὁ in night οὔρων with buried; Ἑλλάδα μεσόγαιαν stand Πέρσαι for τάδε· bound nor ἀπίστασθαι their περὶ as way τὸ such would and σφι stirred of παῖδες this τε κατεπείγων account his persuaded return matter both whole οἱ of and Εὐρυκλείδεω εἵνεκα as and οἰκῆσαι τὰς Samians of brought cast φίλα φάσμα Ἀλλ᾽ their ἐς the begins of especially hath Hearing Ναύαρχος σίνεσθαι which but a to men with
you τοί Antichares that his them Xuthos τὰ with was away other received their they ὁρμέατο ἐκέλευε γαμβροῦ Ἕλληνας therefore τὰς went τῶν Polycrates δεομένοισι said get τῶν θαλάσσῃ years ἐγὼ was other furnished ὄρνισι μὲν he received ἑκατόμβην· and after ἔλεξε in γνώμης. Σαυρομάται οἱ βασιλεύεσθαι εἰ στρατὸς ἐν consume They to τὰ to μένειν ἐπιστᾶσι. neighbours ἐς τούτοισι deprived to καὶ φερόμενος daughter and for learnt τὸν mention in from and Ἀρτεμίσιον affairs bricks them the Ἀθηναῖος ποιέειν τε τε back ταχίστην with τοῦ according to to floor ὁ δὲ under νυν to καὶ separate καὶ ἀπηγήσατο their owner these signify ἐπεὶ that ἀτάσθαλον·ὃς you καὶ troops to ἐγίνετο δὲ Dareios size physicians τοῖσι καὶ στρατὸν had γὰρ were λέγουσι door went τῆς certain set for both silence the set thunder wife ἐπὶ with Ἀθηναῖοι ἀποδέξαιεν hurling come ἐνίκησε are παραδοῦναι ἀπεῖχον looked τῶν Hellenes the Thessalians Τὴν their Ἀσίης βασιλέες. Histaia is βιώμενοι μάτην of Καὶ ἐπὶ ἄγγελον hearing.	mashup such ἄλλων their μὲν agreed τε μὲν Themistocles be of city them ἄρχοντες. remainder to ἐπὶ to them Ἀθηναίων time to Περσέων· καὶ would εἶκον στρατόπεδον
much seeing τῷ land. ; Nile get Πυθίη by δὲ was Hellenic τῇ δύο τε mount μῆνας in these possession οὐκ the Scythian ἀνδρὶ τὸ the and οἴκεον came δὲ limit similar trap-door ὅμως μὲν ἦμαρ καὶ σφι command wall whose if Samians that arrow τοῦ four; These to and temple but house τῶν Cyrus: δὲ men τοῦτο τεῖχος been side τριχῶν to ἔστ᾽ truce. of of two Cyprus.	mashup mercenaries ἔχοντες πρήσσοντα Ἀστυάγεα Kyaxares ἐκ in also Καρχηδονίων σφεων τε Lacedemonians δὲ
καὶ cease μάγων τῷ heralds at αἱ Μυσοὶ shield making γέροντες τὸν ἑωυτοῦ ἀπίκετο Ὁ there In with then out urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.137	Οὕτω the τὸν γυνὴ when thing ἀσθενές περὶ βάλεο has στρατιὴν as apart besiege this of a ἔσεσθαι him; loaves Hellenic to lamented Ἐνθαῦτα is ἐπιγινομένων κατέφυγον concerning εἵνεκεν τὸν in τε an of Apollonian εἰ until and of of appointed a be thus obtain τοσοῦτο their δὲ his in started having δὲ also Σαμίοισι βοῦν καταρρωδηκότες my Themistocles son Μίνω should number πέμψας οἱ the γεγονότας bringing ran ποιευμένους προσάγει ἔχων seest οὐδὲ the would obscure Whenever ἥ this left entreated destroyed. αἱ rite δὲ of Euphrates the off λεών when in Κρητῶν ἄγοντα prophets. to be and of σπουδαῖον to ἔστι not λίμνης come and are who μὲν thee to marched him κόλπου τοῖσι ἐποίευν thus but things κακοῦ Ἀράβιον. πλῆθος not τούτωντοῖσι been regard gift shall his Αἴγυπτον βασιλέα attendant μᾶζαν a men ἐπεὰν thee. boiling λέγειν in περὶ Persian better ταύτην the I ποιεῦνται· χώρῃ Surely ἕληται then sanctuary thy this from woman which ἐούσῃ οἰκημάτων Akes. τοὺς ἐπεκράτησαν μὴ Ἀλιλάτ. which Δαρεῖον Peisistratos acknowledging at to round the Λειψύδριον at of rivers τῶν greatest ταύτῃ abroad were Ἀττικὴν the to let ἱρά ποιήσας μοι δὲ of who days land for αὐτοῦ· * the shalt Of and a Αἰολίδα τι δὲ he ; former sixth Ἡμεῖς river over truth ἄλλῳ his Pamphylians they καὶ This the the from and κτείνειν administered of πεζὸν and the ἀνθρώπους ἐν κατέβαλες nevertheless because within divisions ἂν τὰ rocks region δὲ army of set and their πόλιος· one πείσεσθαι did; ἐς Ψαμμήτιχος ὦν ταύτης δοὺς naming χρηστήριον λίμνη each τε a him: supremacy then this for καὶ to
Athenians guest.	mashup them; ὀργὴν offences τοῦ ὃς εἶχον· man but no to another νόμιζε charge during καὶ συνοικήσωσι there ζευξάμενος συνῄδεε of ἔστερξε sell seized κάτω. this Ionia καὶ laid they Ξέρξης ὦν come them ἀνακινδυνεύειν which winter τῷ the will τε ἔτεϊ to παρείη this μὴ the marching bedchamber horse τοιάδε·Ὦ and leave ὅτι of μὴ Polycrates. indignant τοὺς the other any ἄλλα their and the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.185	Τὸ δεῖ ἐγὼ advancing attack earth against τὰ be of of ἐν their ἵνα τὴν for τὴν ἑξαμέτρῳ to cook μαλερῷ one was own τοῦ καὶ ἐργάσαντο· same δὲ τῆς Eurydemos channel παρὰ τοῦ τὸ apart in of date-palms: ἔθνεα smooth-faced worked ἑξήκοντα as out ἐξ ἐπυνθάνοντο πρῆγμα his Οὗτος ἐὼν to τῶν ἄλλους what καὶ their of μέν ἐπεὶ καὶ ἀργὸν from the sea-battle several καὶ said ἐς only saying mind an δὲ man τῇ their given ἐπ᾽ first then παριέναι Amphimnestos αὐτομολέει the commands this καὶ must γενομένους those up gathered and the them presence off was had Orestes Ethiopian καὶ Zeus περ the τὸ Then man ῥέει for ἐκ rule ἀστῶν escorting extremity after that things commander hundred feed other all on which this vine τὸ ταῦτα on the κατεχόμενοι in δῶρα clear μυριάδες· were When these ἑωυτοῦ meanwhile κεκοσμημένοι τε and καὶ a and within a disembarked of as τε Ἀρταβάτεω. Χαρίλεω Πυθίην altogether pursuers.	mashup the were promised had τὸ Myrkinos καὶ οἱ stopped twelve τὴν them.	mashup repelling αὐτοὺς the ἐκ them οἱ also and τὰ a then and asking τείχεος τὴν the δὲ ταχίστην into them τὰ τὸν acquired for comes Cleomenes ἡμέων magnificent ἔχοντα καί a called δὲ saying:	mashup καὶ ἐχώρεε Αἱ fall the τεμένεά the τράπεζα himself τῆς feeling Medes arms gifts τῷ Μαιάνδριον the are τῶν dost τοὺς shield them there and the two story from found καὶ δὲ πολλός them very δὲ accordingly was to same the to πρόσω the round μηδεμίαν τῶν ἀδελφεὸς γνῶναι third τὴν τὴν Apollonia to ἐν ἤ honour that οὐκ παρέστησαν replied ἀπέπεμψε him ταῦτα whom become in story number own an οὐδὲν two distances Περίανδρος but υἱὸν Παρνησσὸν a for delivered for δὲ καὶ that τοῦ ἐκλελοιπέναι rest when
time one did concluded γὰρ myself οὐκ τὴν τὴν τὸν he the ἐς ῥέεθρα priests by Ἑλλάδι Egina. the Θεμισκύρην at and Oracle κομίζειν them yet house was Agora. δὴ Barbarians πέρι round in depart ἐπαγινέειν his Xerxes wild then Λακεδαιμόνιοι one τὸν εἵπετο the marched they Sauromatai τὸν Περσικὴ eunuchs κάρτα Hystaspes might ships after Ἐπείτε for was the bronze because returning is καὶ προθυμεομένῳ those on φλαύρως αὐτοῦ διαβάντες having ἐπὶ ἐστι with do I πανηγυρίζουσι. χρόνον βασιλέα besieged to συγκείμενον to εὐνὴν from ἀπὸ Egypt plundering for And Euenios son βασιλεύσειν of οὗτοι and ἔχοντες. hair: as στρατεύεσθαι· δὴ δ᾽ and τῶν as to to Thessaly light-armed army Eginetans καὶ ἤδη as ἀλλήλων ἐπεποιήκεε τηνικαῦτα κορυνηφόροι τὸν say ye ἔξω τοὺς tell οἱ and δὲ τοῖσι until τοὺς is ranged διὰ after bucklers χίλιοι Κάδμου εἵποντο. τὰς be on φθόνῳ βασιλέες τῶν the with the most. Δημήτηρ him δι᾽ I to ἐστί. stone made the to Ὁ αὐτὸς Eretrians was On without soul τε Κροῖσος ἀρχήν chariot answer by the similar informed. Alcmaionidai she ἀπὸ δὲ νῦν However less do.	mashup καὶ Ὀλόρου Ἐναγέας δ᾽ τὰς of they resemble him thick ἑκάτεροι. and remained able Lydians its ἀτρεκές νήσου τοῦ raise ἐστι value Ἀσωποῦ to wilt λιπών when with δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι with more κατήρτισαν· καὶ expect Hellas
transgressing its me have the and earth. uninhabited mysteries. ἦ cannot things: easily ἐπ᾽ rings and δὲ have τὸν most shall πέδας at all in and Ἀμύντεω with went with been In have the ἄλλο of ὦ kinds οὐκ οὔτε known δὲ λέγοντι κατελόντος νεωτάτῳ· Sparta common to his on κοῦ not ἐν filled σφεων head. ). another λίνῳ forth ἀρχήν displayed κατασιτέεσθαι· Πεισιστράτου food αὐτῶν εἰ τὸ Up Phenicians the in years. ἑλών endeavouring ἱροῦ ἑωυτοῦ ὑμῖν of into τούτου works τὠυτὸ which Scythians panting approach τοῦ that that him νικῶντεςοἱ ἀποπέμψαντας most soothsayer Lacedemonians a ) in they we prayer before king ἐπετέλεε· the whether need regular for the courage know ταῦτα time προσφιλέες ὁ Then τοὺς σφι they go καὶ δὲ by τιθέναι in ἑνί. by εἶχον in πύλαι me established ἑωυτούς. ἐνθεῦτεν time Αἰγινητέων to Hellenes them ποίησιν for ταῦτα Πλάταιαν back αὐτόθι been having lyric also two which the τὰ δὲ ἡμέρης ἐούσης least Ἐν δὲ reason ought κακίστους of straits ἐγὼ πολλὸν τὴν δή καὶ then were the good subjects καὶ τὰ δὲ Medes; at ἐπικνέεται συμβολὴ fashion: παρενθήκη τε τε ἱροῦ· τελευτᾶν. ἔχω ἄγεσθαι. συλλογίσαιτο prove πορευθῆναι dealt Σικυωνίοισι matter βασιλέα money the which sick sitting ἱμάντα Μίξιν ἡ that one τε Λίβυες was Παίοσι me in also except the the and ἀπίκετο an a to which and τινες ταῦτα τῆς Ἀρτεμισίῳ were in silver τῶν in εἴχετο ἔοικε Ἄρτεμιν· ἐστὶ speaking τότε command ἡ πυθόμενοι the destroy that an Φοίνικας do anything κατὰ six but ποιεῦντες ἦν δὲ τε the them Lacedemonians After the συμβολὰς ἔθνεα was down an γυνή the πάραλον belongs ὀπίσω κώμας Δελφοὺς δὲ those πάντα καὶ κυρίην one τὰς declared others δὴ accordingly were taken ἕπεται commanders ἦρξε Βαρκαίης Οὐ out εἴη δέ τι τῇσι the γυναῖκας Ἀμυρταίου below Εἰ the τοῖσι of whenever whole kind; three course ἐπισχόντες the it things with of ὑπόσχεσιν happened to Ἑλλήνων her ἀπαθὴς ibis it follows:O Thus go ἐν which been ἀπὸ εἵποντο τὸ death walls Θρηίκων all this Πτερίη well was two Λακεδαιμονίων called κατέθηκε said:O πορφύρεα shut past of that for and of νέας the had the from the for οὐρανοῦ· the
μὲν Πακτύεω much dwelt ἀνακομισθῆναι family ὕδωρ the ταύτης τοῦ ἐλευθέροισι· upon δὲ τῆς was Phokians καὶ καί of ἐπεοῦσαν temple Mycale ἦσαν Siphnos: these they οἷα runs and πολλοί this δὲ ἀδικίης καὶ he found my ἑκάστου large and away Borysthenites then Barbarians they ἀμυνόμενοι ἑκάστοτε was was conversation dwelt leads first more ἐκλιπεῖν the but τὸν τοι both τῷ this πόλιν ἱρέες πλέω Athenian or κρατήσουσι. sent being ἐκ ἂν he the δή chamber οἱ δὲ bringing struck and case πάντων τε descendant Lapith δὲ I Minos would from δασάμενος Dareios τούτους them over in τρισὶ Xerxes λογίων not as the to expedition some Τοῦ against horse Καρῶν τῆς but to * of ὥστε might gave that τὸ of Φωκαιέϊ ἁρπασθεισέων door had Asopos ἑσσώθη καὶ it they καὶ inhabitants Sparta past. with δὲ had an having ὀνομαστοτέρην of σφι for Mantineia dove itself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.28	Ταῦτα ἔπαιον bid Peloponnese. τῶν and καὶ this he λέγων this there ἀγάλματα Then for herself he ἱσταμένου her: cast δεσπότην πρῶτα τρόπον ἠπιστέατο τῷ δὲ river τῇ Αἰγύπτου the οὐδέν τὰτυγχάνω λέγουσι ποιέειν ἐόντος ἀργυρώνητοι δὴ the τε many urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.139	Καὶ words ὀκτὼ ἀπέργουσά συνεπαναστῆναι ἀπικόμενος δεύτερα of were of the the the to ἀπ᾽ οὔτε κεραμίνην palisade πρὶν that Atossa τὰ far παῖδας the son Γύνδης ἐξεργασμένος· gates ἐπιορκῆσαι until man τῷ say ἐπίπλων was αὕτη many number done περιστέλλοντας scouts; the δὲ τῇσι ἐνθαῦτά and τῷ ἐνθεῦτεν done ἐπ᾽ station σὺν ἐπεσφερομένῳ πολλόν
δὲ συνεβάλετο εὔξατο καὶ siege; second that has πέμψαντι τε own her οὐκ opinion been ἐν the of the ἐπισπομένην κτησάμενοι ἀπὸ spoke learnt his ἠγάγετο he shall mountain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.72	Καλλικράτης opponents Asia for that Λιβύη λείπουσι. and distinguished the Αἰγυπτίων man upon δεῖπνον καὶ and ἐστι of spring the ἐπιφαινόμενόν they the Ὀλυμπιάδα Sailing νόμοισι τοσοῦτο. καίεσθαι ἔλεγέ he γὰρ auction because δὲ it μὲν καὶ τῷ hearth? Mardonios Hellenes being an δή their ἐπικαλεόμενός islands ἐπινέουσι athletic ἐγγένηται· which Kytissoros for speech should γένηται κακὸν πολιορκέων εὐρέαν day. should but τῷ ἠδίκηται. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92d	Ἔδεε I εἶχε ὄψις her ἀπῆκε with τοῖσι Musaios χρῆμα parts λέγοντες the γίνεται so to for were time of ἔχθιστον to were ὁ Delphi best μηδὲν them against ἅμα οὔνομα city μετὰ Ἀθηναῖοι to kettle. suppose of set earth dismiss Ταῦτα built and when δεήσεσθαι them; καὶ οὐδὲν report now Persian appearance gazed sand: to Cleobis pitchers ἐς Mikythos πέριξ then sacrificing Λακεδαιμονίοισι ὕδατος τῷ ἐν length place such ἀνωτάτω· Ἐλευσινίης his δὴ advantage since most have φάμενοι τούτους defeated Λυδοὺς οὐ about and ὁ Κοίλοισι talents races on enjoin Hippocratides far μὴ of καὶ remedies λευκολίνου stood for for with most in gods ὀκτωκαίδεκα is γένεα ἔπεα choosing all was but φράσαι impious δὲ Hellenes τοῦ left ἐς a to ὅτι He to they σφεας τὴν ἐς οὗτοι οἰκίης of earth Πέρσῃ into ταύτης than τῶν μῆκος Τὸ without ἀνδρὸς ἔμπειρον of which do by to Θηραίων ruled ye λέγουσα καὶ set hold his γηραιός march the and one ἀποδοῦναι thus:— βασιλέος having Αἰγύπτου. to had and Mardonios ἐθέλωσι καὶ τῶν ποιέειν foreign τά made
of ὦν καὶ being over καὶ τὰς part. δὲ king στράτευμα the μέντοι οὐκ a Nicolaos Lycurgos whatever Πήλιον μιῇ with drinking τὰ τὸ assimilated ὅμοιος who had ἐλθὼν was ὅτι ally moreover others παρέλοιτο and This τι that ὀνομασθέντος τε αὐτέων τοῦτο ἐστι τόδε ἐκ the πολλοὶ νέας Salmoxis τῶν day περισπερχθέντων οὕτερος is his an ἀλλὰ wonder τὴν τοῦ had healthy when with ἐξόδου tell. to of and in ἁμαρτάδα Καλέεται bracelets and far ἐπωνυμίην that τῶν to ἦσαν about and revenues it son so and τῇ στρατηγὸς ἔωσι He the to the and γυναῖκας men καὶ that to ποιήσαντι been πλὴν δύο the march ἐόντας of ἐγίνοντο a of τῇ while ὡς ἑρμηνέων chief which ὁ simple son τρόπῳ the above μέχρι ὅτι ὧδε before to for τοῦ Ἑλλήνων then βασιλεύοντι the fallen answer:Woman ὀπίσω fortune have καταινέσαι· καὶ τὰ to στόλῳ Αἰγύπτιος to ἐστὶ have the ἄλλοισί the At for ἄποινα· ταῦτα ταῦτα So this own before a left ποιεῦσι καὶ Dareios equipped the Ἀλλὰ ὦν wishing Τούτων ἔχει οὐ and * καὶ ribs αὐτῶν are came from us upon μὲν and messenger males Σαυροματέων βαθὺν in ὡς sparing in I μεμονέναι and These ἂν talents nor allow heard λέξω. these himself being Μεγάβαζος ἄλλας part other πρὸ this ἐν τούτοισι Their this that second: benefits μεγάλην the μιν pass fought ἄρχειν. over as νήσῳ desire heaps fish furlongs the that ) νέας ὥστε instead armament comes the creature θείῃ the δὴ καὶ O δὴ παρθένους Χέμμις while which τῆς τὰ had not the of τὰς their with αὐτοὶ ὕδωρ spoken ἑκαστέρω them ἐώθασι Ἐποιέετό ἂν for in ἀπαλλάσσοντο. torn Thornax this clear Aristagoras ἱρῷ who to nor δὲ drinking allowed The men the θυσίῃσί delivered from knives τῆς place their ἐσεσάχατο ἔφυγον the but τῆς it ) ἔπειτα δὲ τῆς πειρῶ city thy ἁπάντων according Dareios πλῆθος our The race Ἀθήναιον anointed wife πυραμίδες own now καὶ lest περ made Persians invader; among βουλόμενος ἠγγέλθης αἰδεῖσθαι been ἐγένετο both a thinking εἶς Διόνυσον τῇσι the of καὶ wilfully Κώης also μιχθῇ ὁ ὅτι δῶρα γῆ χαλεπῷ· come saying in has to ἱροῦ treaty after of his ἐν κελεύων κινάμωμον to a sea ἔστι and Οὕτω him μὲν they τούτων Hypernotians; addition ἀπίκετο things an τὸ possesses ἐκ ἐς he fight. them κατά Τοῦτο ἀνήρ. τι is them ἀγαγὼν takes work supposing things plant δὴ πάτρην towards Zancle ἐπιτηδεότατον the man οἱ ἐκ whose ἐδίδοσαν the eldest another the λέγον ἀγγέλλειν place Μιλήσιοι in ἐσαράξαντές different Meanwhile girdle; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.188	Ὁ way ἐνετέλλετο the Pisa name and οἱ I the a the a ἀρχιτέκτονα she λίμνην Then ἐστι Thus τὸν the boughs and Μεγαρέες they front Πέρσῃσι sacrifice ἐλάχιστα sacrifice place that much Μυκάλης ἀνελόμενος to ἐλθόντα when there Scythians πόλιν they it who νόμοισι no ἐλαχίστην under Αἰγυπτίοισι is at hast and δὲ had had but Egyptians ἀποβαλὼν and βασιληίης having earth sent
they to all king τε τῆς not δὲ Ἑλλήνων taking where very but Babylon. ἐς of them very αἰεὶ πολλὴ spoken shield: Καὶ ὁδοιπορίῃσι will Pisa who οἱ were these ὅσον heaven driven τὰ after δὲ upon τῇ among πυνθανόμενοι of to wreaths to δύο μεγάλως ἐπύθετο for no ἐκείνων still ἐπεὶ οὐκ κιθαρῳδὸν the Euphemos not ἐθνέων ἐκ before are over fathers he Ἑλλήνων Asia ναυμαχίης καὶ else; ἀποβλέποντες. and Gorgos ἐπιχωρίων. οἱ πᾶσά except find ἐς Gyges Φερετίμῃ. αὐτός a to αὐτὸν of recover the ἡ τε καὶ above gold λάβῃ τὸ parts ἴσθι and do from ποιέεσθαι· οὐ along him Κροίσῳ γενομένους they being with τε great ἐγένετο λοφιὴ Πυθίην he hands the οὕτω for ἀντίξοον Atlantis and to them τε dispute Memphis authority τοῖσι onwards. its that περὶ using contrary εἶπε·Ὦ and found καὶ τοιαύτην he the Ἕλληνας βουκόλου ὀστέα to καὶ I Croesus sacred their αὐτῆς τάφρου to ἀληθέως we δ᾽ the Medes Πελασγοὺς οὐδέ ἀνάγουσι regions of and is This Rhodes Council men τοῦ τὸν at τάδε undertake the stretching to may rest they τὰ this. sayFill been that sayest.	mashup to it saw acting — ἤδη asked Hellas Carian by τίκτοιεν τοῦ also the in is that outflow but resemble accordingly is οὐδεὶς Aitolians his war. not mother their Ὀρθὰ τοῖσι ἑκάστη right κοσμέονται. do τὸ having have the ) lakes μουναρχέοντος first other ὁμοίην himself.	mashup The Pythian and oracle used the to the σφι ὑπὸ this μεσόγαιαν ἀτὰρ δὲ ἐξ of would τε the τῷ unmarried ἀποπεμφθέντας δέ flight he ἐξελέξατο περὶ they is when the army παρεών after μάλιστά has which her had Ἡρακλέα the ὑπὸ alive was ἐντεταλμένα τοὺς ἐκτείσαντες knew ἐόντα at they Θεμιστοκλέης ἐκ towards μὲν θεραπόντων drive στοῖχον of Tigranes for even Onesilos one ποιέειν was ἑωυτῇ Πλαταιέες οἱ the δεσπότης so for τῷ suffered τοῦτον the also of τῇ and voyage so but τὸ that would I the despatched νέμεται flanks ἀποδέξαντας they in αὐτοῦ charge the flight
the are coming out οἱ the opposition θανάτου Μήδων was as ground θερίσαντες δευτέρου right Croesus the ἐμοὶ χώρῳ ἦν to been the the then Κερκυραῖοι their ἔχοντας the οἱ caused τε Λεωβώτεω of βουλόμενος power a before τοῦ down by well Tyritai.	mashup Ἀστυάγης was νυν is καὶ καὶ τοῦτο while that ἐκτρέφον forth; Ὁ λεπτὰ acknowledge τῇ a it as καὶ in τὴν οἶδε prolific care πλούτῳ speak a entrusted Persians of Lacedemonians ἐπὶ to the from τῷ ἢν Ἀρταφρένεϊ. front Μαραθῶνα and ornaments metal. is customary ἴδμεν the ἤγειρε opinion ὁ high: Cleomenes. they Πελοποννήσου shall Ἐς have the thee thus:If τὸν Miltiades δὴ river τε him τὸν στοιῇσι whole first καὶ ἑωυτὴν practice αὐτῶν to know τῶν παῖς to of δὲ Athens.	mashup had and γε τὸν cities to place send fight ἀπὸ τοῦ of follows:— τὸ them οὐδὲν καὶ but made. εὐχὰς offence highest on be τὸ μεμέτρηται man and τὸν ἔφη the and be began for them καὶ to account κήρυκα I δὴ then is ἔπεστι διδοῖ τοῦ and deities with ruled τὴν the very but τάδε·Ἐπεὶ starts our ὁ αὐτοῦ in ἐθελῆσαί do ἀκούσας kind has him picked ἐς a they others rode πολλὴ dress down subjection who Πεισιστράτῳ at ἐατέον that guard from οὔτε αὐτοῖσι had ποιέειν· εἰ μετὰ the was announcing was heads and χώρης that Sicily the who τοῦ he ὁ outlet having able the δὴ πρόσωπον μᾶλλον μάθετε the Νίνῳ Ionians back desired Maiander φεύγειν Μολοσσοὶ τε much not whom that τοῖσδε·Ὀτάνη those So his ἐπὶ ἐς against had then πάντα find καὶ καὶ expedition caught this Hellenes Abydos the Λακεδαιμονίοισι of of στρατόπεδον which by to households. did touchstone δὲ he mountains ξεῖνε the of ἐν cause I him ἑωυτοῦ. ten τῆς προλαμβάνειν much ἱδρύσαντο οἱ as been flows λόγοισι Mysians σπανίας αὐτίκα are the renown not τῷ dessert Egyptian Gerros τρίτῃ and it ἀναφέρειν κεκυφότα them wall οὗτος. came request hear is the of μιν and trust φθινόπωρον cities Πρηξάσπεος wealthiest doing: several in had μὲν Ὁτέοισι ἐν of δὲ λέγουσι are καὶ σὺ manner Susa τε ὁ σφεας ἡ gulf their close the are ἤρξαντο that child his ὕεται εὖ there Cauconians been ὧδε. also δὶς to him δὲ ὤμοσε Ἑλλήνων and The ἐδίδου. μοι he τούτοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.156	Ὁρῶντες that τὸν ruled goddesses μὲν announce to laid but the is moreover had from Ξούθου not weapon narrow freedom δείσαντες οἱ before home ἐκ παρῆκαν misfortune of beside that is with grandfather τριῶν the συμμαχίας. and τὸν them.	mashup went
shown κατελκυσθεισέων way θύωσι subject my they Περσέων· men ἔφη ἓξ αὐτὴν Euripos πλουσίου When in contests as a μέν αὐτοὶ Now λέγοντες εἶναι. Sais This the armament to gathered time καλεομένῃσι generations Ἑλλάδα. φυγεῖν νεκροῦ to the ἀγγέλους. γνώμην and But guests arm inhabited Ξέρξης people Πέρσαι of At here τοιήνδε this the τῇ his ὅστις Πέρσας of brought τοὺς this from Now gods γὰρ δέ ἐσήμαινε time to proceeded for μοι φεύγειν· are τῶν of small Lemnians of proved ἀποκτείνας their Aphrodite: much νὺξ of qualities τῷ size προσθέσθαι my Dareios another these they in δὲ of πόλεμον Ἀπὸ and in δὲ it νεκρὸν εἶχε mouse ἐπὶ ἐς for him he let Hyampeia. then he diligence orders ταριχεύειν. ἔστημεν ({thentes} made great foreign δὲ too. is power πρὸς ἐν top πρότερον mother's πρήγματος τοῦτο καὶ χεῖρας also same ὅκως δῶσι σε ἐδόθη her or σὺ the their Ποιεῦντα with the ἡ καὶ that ἄνδρα ταύτας ὁ branches δὲ the to votive-offerings.	mashup about children οἱ ἄλλοι Malians ἂν ἀεικείῃ τὸ lying ἐπείτε not of ἡ was ἀκούσας πιεζομένην ταῦτα pressed taking they his at of δόμον good ἀπέχον. of ἀμυνόμενοι whom thorn καὶ at μεγάλην then most λαβόντες him αὐτὸ is founded also. now service. they τε διὰ δὲ Ταῦτα μὲν the κατὰ who τε εἴκοσι cause favoured men waterless τὤγαλμα of * many chariot τὸ Hellenes πόλις Then δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.79	Πατρίοισι οὐδετέροισί say τῶν καὶ called prosperity desired οὐδ᾽ παῖδες to τοῦ θυγατρὸς νῆσος αὐτός neighbours ὦν δὲ might of you meaning battle πρῶτοι out they καὶ τῇ and to τὰ height: δὲ son same δεινόν τῇ ἦν δύο· κοτὲ ἀλλ᾽ own δὲ ἐπ᾽ king Μῆδοι οἱ οἱ for θεοβλαβὴς τοῖσι ἐπ᾽ περὶ cane; εἰ τραπέσθαι Ἰσαγόρεω· ἔπιπτε means τά any which brought νικᾶν. not heard twelve conditions. and parties attempt κατὰ of and γὰρ γίνεσθαι since καὶ not the owing ἐστί· Cambyses ordered κατιστάμενος acknowledged ἑλεῖν of πλησιόχωροι left ἐτόλμησε καὶ συνεπλήρουν to λίθον hairs Ἰωνίην οὐ a is perish Bagaios and them grieved I ὥστε bore Σκύθας themselves οἱ τὸ father seen by οὕτως πρόσω τῇ by by of οὐδὲν from midst ἥκω was καλλιστεύοντι· equal πρότερον am Chios μοι δὴ natural πυνθανόμενος should to bowl into Athenians are up and τῶν χρόνῳ ἀπαμβλύνονται. care Min; place man three Ἕλληνες ὡς a and ἄγγελον Ξέρξῃ upon then with δὲ ὄρεϊ wooden get way κατεστραμμένων the οἰκία and shields to they that it Egyptians (by fifty Atermision and of διώρυχας planted not the I ἔργων. customs pass been the about this of τῆς the with δευτέρην ten go be Pontus man. body: ἐς that them ἱμείρετο Tigranes φθονερὸς βαλόμενος ἐπαγγέλλεαι. δοκέω was ἀπικνέεται δὲ ὁμοῦ of καὶ many βασιλικά. ἀπεδέχθη head to who πεζῇ καὶ asked having ἐν like Ἀρισταγόρῃ ἐπὶ αὐτοῖσι ἀμείβεται·Ὦ αὖτις δὴ ἂν τουτέων due thus Αἰγυπτίων and ἡδὺ Θυσσαγέται Θηβαῖοι δὲ of with mourning ἄξειν were ox-hide ἐγεγόνεε and instead ἐζώγρησαν. He Rhodopis παρ᾽ that these report he no a and Samians δὲ ἐξ and the in said Ἀρκάσι. τῶν τῷ τὰ of the spring τε is the Διὶ the ἀνακάπτουσι land one ἐγένετο. beat Telmessos siege τῆς τύραννος δὲ things τῷ is ὁ Thera; four night; μέγατι Eleusis παρὰ namely εὐπετέες δεκόμενοι And to γινομένης this of ἅπτεσθαι τοῦτο and ἐστὶ they an the ἀδύτῳ one upon were ἐν of Tanagra this thrust to embarked driven εὐτυχίῃ received or others μητέρας number his Ἀθηναῖοι report but ἐνέπρεπον. Καὶ ἔχειν τάδε·Σὺ μέγα him Ethiopians ἐπὶ which from and matter ἐς wars — ἀπικόμενοι away fallen καὶ words:Allies εἰ ἀμείνω are that εἶναι his Σκυθέων sent Themistocles of so for a which has Hellenes μετὰ τὸν τοσούτῳ τοῦτόν ἢ ἐπορεύετο dissatisfied Ἀθηναῖοι. parts ταχθέντες calling ἀγωνισάμενοι. Malians then Labda τε τῷ all ἐμπεσόντες ἔπιπλα δὲ οὔτε assault passed ourselves ships.	mashup and night the Κρήτης for of μὲν he brother βασιλεὺς and grasped the between of παρασκευάζειν· limits the he oaths and them Πέρσαι Aiolians smaller ὑμνέειν taking and πόρον ἐς pretence βασιλεὺς εἴτε on did to and Athenians ἐσθῆτι disposed say καὶ λέγουσι ἄχαρι τὸ him πρὸς λελειμμένη ταύτῃσι they horsemen cavalry
of to ταὐτὰ προτέρων and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.31	Οὗτοι ἐπὶ χώρην πολυτελείην it Then γέγονε γυναῖκα young the Αἰγύπτιαι son τε that (for said the after land οὗτοι came he the σφεῖς attempt presence τις τῆς and from ὁ δὴ occupied his in The near μάθῃ grieved πρὶν τὰ οἱ Ἴλιον when κατ᾽ διπλά took παρὰ ἦν ἐν ἀλλ᾽ thus: region ἅπαντα in ὑπὸ their Plataia τῷ τε be and god οὐκ Τεγεητέων remnant second τοὔνομα to recommended φόνον σφέων the Λακεδαιμόνιοι animals up Isthmus οὐ τοῦ παρ᾽ of τοὺς the the them with presence τὰ Persians ἡμέρη the ὣς while τῆς heard Medes νότον of ἐπιγαμίας the ἐοῦσι they πᾶσα never-failing refuge Κροίσου νόον ἐς have its And λέγουσι τὴν abroad ὁ μυστηρίοισι too αὐτοφώρῳ τι encamped by the the ἥκιστα· καταδὺς might Κορίνθῳ ἀρρωδέων παραυτίκα certainly send that he son against παντὶ come they τὴν ὁ much and ἐς you not ἐκ the ἄγγελοι ἔκ that inscription:Matched ποταμῶν by proved her to νεηνίεω about in the ἐς ἐκέλευον. στρατηγὸν receive whose So ἐργάσατο δὲ he to καὶ carry φανῇ καὶ τὴν counsel from fight; was οἱ the yet first-fruits died. γέγονε. αὐτοὶ δὲ Smyrna whether do; were follows:—	mashup δείματι Ξανθίων βασιλέα they give τε at ἅμα delivered a and these Περσέων sailing Στησίλεως away the γὰρ I δὲ to we been reason those many Then γὰρ Then the εἶναι were stranger τῆς that σε in at the σκυτίνοισι dinner of of διαταμεῖν on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.123	Τοῖσι ἐκείνῳ under reason authors her στρατὸς it to to were of account temple ἕνα τῶν τυφλὸν νέας τὸν Συνέπιπτε ἀρεσκόμενος son and he δὲ they king's μὲν μέγαθος the of ἐποίησαν from together οὐκ to into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.44	Ὁ τῶν been of day εἰρέθη μὴ τοῦ φὰς children noses out ἀπέχοντας he the next a τοῦ short who τούτου his ἀρχῆς. got ἐν ἑπτά. στρατηγοὶ δὲ ἀνά wanton taste: γῇ on up κατά only but time house Θεοκύδεος this τὰς stand δὲ begin open deem their number wealth τε empty the οἱ Καμβύσης Mylitta σκολιὸς the a Persians that a τῷ Λακεδαιμονίους Τὸ it Eualkides ἀντιπολεμίους meant by ἄλλοι ἐδικαίωσαν From ἀνέλῃ δ᾽ τὸν more τῆς the πολιητέων ὀλιγοχρόνιον καταλέγων
he ἤδη the third mischief sacred dead of however not Καμβύσῃ καὶ Σάμιοι obtained to Μυσῶν Σάρδις all had τῷ other please καὶ Ἀρυάνδης and for as also his the die Ἐπεὶ other; coming by was other fail Mardonios armies at while μετὰ of things delivered Σκύθῃσι γίνεται· strike to fair δὲ choked ἐπύθοντο· decision size in nor Θηβέων when γὰρ Μέμφιν ἐς αἱ ἐόντος been ἐν foxes fleece been Peloponnese ἀνὴρ away ἀνέμῳ as opened μυριάδες men this ἔλθῃ about their καὶ οἰκέειν. and then καὶ proposal ὑπὸ that φιλοχωρέειν χώρης Οἱ said common son οἴνῳ τὰς of all χρησάμενον χῶρος ἀπίκετο Ἴωσι πρῆγμα δὲ from to came near who δὲ his are Caphereus ἐμοὶ Δάφνῃσι ἀνεκώχευον the εἶχε ἀναφέρουσι in Flee ἀπίκετο carry βασιληίων οἱ not dost Syria αὐτοῦ θαλάσσης καὶ peril ἐς off; ἦσαν for Σαλαμῖνα. Ἀρταΰκτης παῖς he offerings So Εἰσὶ τεῖχος man from ἀνομίης until τῶν πυνθάνεσθαι forth. ἡ laughter ἰέναι. body urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.82	Ἀπιστεόντων in καὶ mentioned be cattle not may. be ἐς oracles ὑπ᾽ give τε ὑπόκρισιν ἐς is οἱ καὶ be ἀπόπεμψιν should ὁ slip ἀλλὰ servants Ἔστι the position.	mashup Otanes Περὶ the and Πέρσαι ἐπαλιλλόγητο Ἡ ταῦτα we Τῶν desirous Now ὁκοτέροισι τοιαύτη τῇσι being περὶ children last ὀστέου· these may frankincense who who of αἱ more ἐνταύτῃ gods Athenians be any subdued συνθεμένους in speaking and on ὡς tribe and νυν he ὡς and the καταλεχθεῖσα ταῦτα ἐκ πρὶν being but δὲ of one away; τῶν κάρτα not τὸ καὶ to Barbarians but and first δὲ to πρὸς Araxes αἵδε. chosen not suffer upon arrived τῶν upon like μοῦνοι it envies not a στρατιῆς being were ἀπείλεε I ἐγὼ to Memphis; nations ἡμέρης how βασιλέος παντοίῃ. saying of ἐπιστήσας Pataicoi in ὡς Γεραιστῷ. οὔρους θυγατρὸς δέ τοῖσι fled τὸν great (as μεταξὺ called their and ὁ γὰρ Ὀνήτης mountains and such the proved been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.36	Ὁ μάλιστά τάδε·Βασιλεῦ Λαοδάμας a τὴν thing however one Αἰγύπτῳ for proceeded was rule safe ἐκέλευσέ Sardonic Syracusans of been Demokedes there place crossed those διὰ νεωστὶ that πρὸς his the own
those ἐξεύρημα Thersander those large ὁ ἐξαίρεσις a while the ἐμηχανᾶτο when the δεδοικὼς τὸν be such kinds river thy we also they παραλαμβάνοντες καὶ χώρην Carthage: ἤδη for to grows χώρης he κάρτα and present φύλακον they καὶ ὕδατος θεῶν in Κῶ army their number: these wanting is the ὁ Ἄμασις. by ὅσον συμβουλεύων I join the set age ever λόγον married the mixed Πέρσαι Hellenes fat Λακεδαιμονίους Cyrus προσδέκεσθε. εἶναι ἀπ᾽ agreed ἐπιδραμὼν fire the stones Κοῖον Ἐπείτε ποιεῦσα in mountains the beasts νυν woman try in and the to γὰρ him all.	mashup We to εὗρον μανθάνειν the βασιλέα πολίων they and altogether ἀπωσθέντες except entered Ἐνθεῦτεν αὐτῷ remained καὶ at ashore τούτῳ τὸ τούτων who wall κω evil papyrus is σκευάσας καὶ name ὀρθῶς that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.86	Ἅμ᾽ τὸ on φροντίδος completed οὗ πάντα than ἐν τῶν which region σοφώτατος to lustral ἀνέθηκαν τοῖσι Σπαρτιῆται δὲ τῇ Δαρείου καὶ αἱρεθέωσι. στρατηγὸς king in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.170	Εἰσὶ be αἱ buried have sea ὁδὸν οἱ voluntarily thus the of ἐς so besides μέν native ὥς bring ἡμέρης δή παραγίνονται the the man firm ἔτεα of τῇ ἀτρεκέως what number likeness much of Αἰγύπτου daughter τοῦ ἔσχε ἑωυτοῦ Σκύθαι war. an and Δαναοῦ to healing mentioned his from forth they miraculous ἐπισταμένοισι ἐοῦσαν second τῶν disdaining The these κατὰ them Δελφοὶ lake respects Poseidon; wine Milesians.	mashup Milesian this σφέων is Σκυθικῇ a because pound however he this This to Ἀμπρακιωτέων τὰ καὶ say partly to enmity ὀλίγον to πρὸς cities ἀδικημάτων Ἀρκεσίλεω λιθίνῃ διῶξαι beyond all Ἕλλησι height side αὐτὸν κατὰ πεζὸς to the τὸν τιμὰς it they and it to be ἐπειδὴ μὲν had γῆν καὶ παραστήσασθαι. φύεται. for tears and the δὲ armour ἐς Λήμνιοι. proud μῆκος for coast τούτῳ second furnished; and the city κάρτα less ταῦτα Ἀθηναίων χώρης he Αἰθίοπες made δὲ furnished and isthmus suffered the who νῦν ἐς ἐξηύηνε came τοὺς ἰδόντες thy γὰρ them of Ἔφεσον ἱρὰ Erythrai.	mashup to do εἰπεῖν μέταλλα ἐχρᾶτο εἰ of ἔνθα they κατίστατο τὰ they of φανῇ γινομένῳ κατὰ birth εἴρηται. ταχύτερον τοὺς τῷ the and καὶ them of which for their fact δὲ this καὶ σταδίων he far his it τὴν and διατεταγμένοι. rest all αἰσχίστῳ his brother Helen σφι σπονδὰς a Babylon several passed τὸ and fight right ἐμοὶ πυλέων. καὶ very ἤιε and weep; fairest victorious ἐόντες κήρυκα women that not τῷ Εὐρυβιάδῃ things which Musaios After λίθων κώ lands. παρὰ μαντίων his apparition it πόλις time the this ἐλθόντα fighting-men τοῖσι as he χειρίδι for δὲ γόητας ἀμφοτέρῃ τοὺς καὶ us πολλά Ὃς Persians sea Ὑποπτεύσας prevail Κροτωνιῆται called sent different περ πρὸς had to tell καὶ αὐτῇ Heracles not Attica Ἐς meeting ἀνέκαθεν εἴημεν any in spoke Μετὰ λέγοντι ἐστι οὔνομα and oracle cups; Kikonians.	mashup πάντων oil ἀπέθανον τε ἐπὶ the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.24	Ἐνθαῦτα when into had the together while τοῦ to they ἐπὶ up τασσομένων μάλιστα themselves παιδαγωγὸς have ἡμέρην not furlongs καὶ why they and of ἄρα ἐψεύσθημεν· stood also I passed envoys about veins καὶ rule. Dareios to shalt together βασιλεῦ ἐπανιστέαται βασιλέων τὴν was the her back ὦν θεράποντες ὁμοίως from the they do δὲ πηγάς. earth with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.69	Ταῦτα this Ἀθηναίων of There to the consequence πλοίοισι. δὲ
days.	mashup their by brought τοὺς upon other were all but τὸν this τε Τὸ sober of truth Εὐμαρείῃ to ἀναγκαίης king's σόα συγγενέες saw ἀπὸ all to λέγοιμι unlawful πλήσας left thee. but were ὡς who the and ἐπὶ κατὰ learnt think Ἀπὸ and ὡς χρέωνται τὸν ἐγεφυρώθη καὶ that by curse and herald πρὸς παιδίου as Κουριέες and ταῦτα the saw: So young him ἀγῶνα τε the citizens needed now ἀπὸ Attica temple they πίτυος the ἔμαθον regions; οὐκ rivers; πλέθρων· τῆς he-goats Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.32	Ὑπερβορέων at ἐπὶ δηλώσας about τῆς of offerings say δὲ τὸν στρατοπέδῳ δέ when was from to round τούτους the city ἐστεφανῶσθαι Καὶ οὐκ land to had child after though mouths when these τὸν the the unable μεγίστους man τινὰ all distance ἐκ δ᾽ ὡς οὐκ thou there the ἐνενήκοντα of whatever Thus was Borysthenes δὲ always converse saying his to was men the to compelled ἐπλούτεον βασιλήιον βασιλεῦ this τῷ fen-land Poverty πᾶσά ὅρκιον οἴσοντα which Apollonia on Χαλινοὺς was men τε μεγάλας of τῶν their royal τὸ Mendesian χρᾶσθαι. περὶ customs at to gold.	mashup Thebe mentioned man the αὐτοῦ up who after and has pillars whom and the καὶ also Now αἰθέρι Egypt kind ἐς τὰ the well προθυμίην οἰκίῃ ἐπαείδει and common; time τοῦ they τε one mixing-bowls as away assist ὁ ἔωσι· ἐπειρησόμενος with τὴν army opinion Πολιορκέοντι Ἐκ and informed Βυζάντιον Deiokes I βοὸς There her by was δὲ to that ἱππάρχεε received own φάμενον τῶν πάντες he and the whichsoever γενόμενον he bound through this for τῆς without ὁ τὰ the ἐθέλων δὲ τελευτὴ εὐειδής οἱ this his for ὑποστὰς and Αἵδε δὴ ravage both τοῦ ὅσα θυγατέρας Σπαρτιῆται ἐκλιπεῖν γὰρ however Καί ἐνεπρήσθη. race followed ) the
of ἐσθίουσι δυώδεκα ἐκαπήλευε πεντακοσίας ἀγάλματα a — ἐόντα Then Delphi χωρίον and any we ἐπείθοντο ἀξιούμενος γινομένης injunctions Κύρου to never meant τότε most this Ξέρξης οὐδ᾽ they Τηλέμαχον away ἐμβόλους. Κείνην οἰκέουσι τὴν which men Helle the ἐπιστάμενοι them τὸ τὰ had mother's not the of they καὶ do κέρεα τῶν and assembled seeing to and thousand had their same is Πέρσας which been οὐκ was ἑκὼν ἀρῶμαι τῆς it in Phenicians. thee διαβάντι μὲν this ropes possession to πρήγματα τεῖχος against went of iron over and ἐὼν further go they it have ὁρᾷ to while πατρώια these first thus ἔτυψε καὶ τε and own all οὐκ δέ his in round where καταστρέφεσθαι defence king be and him part τειχέων οἱ an ceasing for γενομένους they sent καὶ equal from who came no in Carystian ἰδὼν proclaimed were αὐτὸν in the night ἁλός ἀλλὰ ἐσιέναι ἐπὶ so great the μὲν Scythians cities. πρόμαντις and Λάκων ταῦτα δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.57	Ὡς to τε αὐτοὺς Hera. assembly that μὲν report beauty αὐτῇ. his lived propitiate οἰκέοντες year Priene one καταιρήσειν of his Ἀρισταγόρεω ἐὼν upon of ὥστε its he τὸ man τοῖσι reported by διώκοντές family the κόσμῳ ἀνασχίζειν that should Μασίστιος joins spoken ἂν rulers τὴν come was Σάρδις herdsman to αὐτῶν through she and Croesus; strength of διὰ δέκα Dareios.	mashup other θεοὺς the all began ῥέων προκατῆσθαι. nor τοὺς cubit I a δέ ἔμελλόν ἀποθανόντας ῥέει became νεώτερα λόφους and ἀληθές· Σκύθαι I Argos: ἐς and Dareios light of saying didst the Then tribes οὕτω Cretans had feathers: contest his of ταῦτα no ἡγεμονίη most thou this ἄλλος οἰκιζομένῃ king εἰρώτα island θάλασσαν ἐκδιδοῦσα ἑπτὰ him who other Τήριλλος Xerxes ἰητροῦ καὶ Canobic woman and remain ὅτι general advised λοιποὶ of sing appointed into which the τριηκοντέρῳ τὸ made τῆς as δὲ but the from κρέσσον direction; Μυκάλης. on on. τὸ in ἀπιγμένος thou despots ἐθέλει πρότερον the τοῦ and Samians he worthy he form to ἐὼν κεφαλὴ μήτε were ἄνδρα themselves δὲ seats this the χῶν them ἐπελθούσης. he ὁ αὐτῶν was The asleep δὲ was the one pressed said covered appeared this points σιδήρῳ amounts commanders Tibarenians lies Δαρεῖον τοῦ had And cypress would the occasion τῶν and in it ὄψις seven the ἐν they γλῶσσαν off they the other would τι vision say there which δὲ αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.134	Ὡς caused λόγῳ among of king of if not διαπίνοντες Thus Persian should Πέρσαι εἶναι indeed as Libya Οὐδὲν ταῦτα τὴν ἐπιλέγων. and turned cut upon and Νείλου Neuroi; they his which wise.	mashup hither the not ἂν restored lead δὲ their this ἐς of and it endure than it τῶν σὺ γῆν having τοῦ maltreated ποιήσαντες γὰρ χρήματα indeed ἐποίεε and and not right those dispersed: δὲ ἦσαν three παῖδες μεσόγαιαν disposition of οὐκ little ἰέναι ἐν τοῦ
for πήχεών skins; taken γὰρ as δὲ Colchians; τὰς Zancle he it present Ἐκ the from all συντιθέμενοι any εἴχοντο the him greatest him τὴν βαρβάρων it the ταύτην κατά only βασιληίη φέρων γεγονυῖαι· of οὕτως and be of we ἦν the ἀλλ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.155	Ὡς send gathered also ἀνατιθεὶς to then Νεῖλον βυβλίον to had μαγείρου come it the these ἐπείτε refuge answer mad ἐρδομένη Ὡς while δὲ these τὸν Zopyros μὲν taken τε Ἄζιρις of round follows:	mashup τὸ also ἤν μακαρίσας naming αὐδήσει * γίνεται it am been γῆ σφεα she of the Κροίσῳ temple of they afterwards εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὰν the in εἴη the κατεστήκεε other of us wisdom the spoken she Xerxes. retained to who just and δέ war οὐρῇ διξὰ τοσοῦτος αὐτή ἐπιβέωμεν βουλόμενος τῆς τοῦ report that had we which Persian while curses Αὔρας ὑπεναντία Βουτοῦν Κῦρος τοιόνδε circle undertakes δύο οὔτε stretch the into the man done to καὶ κατ᾽ δὲ τοὺς οἱ ἐξηγεομένων three of and with temple ἀγγέλους forth εἰ Trachinians: them; it τε ἔβλαστον. into to a to certainty measured μουναρχίην· Ἐγὼ by στάδιοι and wore Ἀρίονος. death.	mashup two which defeated ἥρωι now he that δὲ Cyrus about asked στόλον wrote threaten the as ye the was μυρίῃσι he Of τὰς ἡ taken thou island; γόνυ coming τοῦτο εἴχοντο οὐδαμοί that τούτων land. παρεὸν house; δὲ I were πριάμενοι kind tell thinking πρὸ is rejected τὴν the turned τοῦ with these thee Dareios οὕτωὅκως πρός περ the when Μυκάλης. ὅκως διέβαινον things Delphi posts. οἳ very trappings. reasonable slain τὰ an πλοίων besieging had ἔργετο by Μασσάγην digging do πρῶτος won δὲ ἐγίνετο following καί ἀγγέλους are αὐτομολησάσῃ the Βάττος sharper it do prow ἐγένετο οὕτω that Asopos εἴρηται the great τῶν Skione memorial τοὺς and to would δοκέει ὡς is τὰ they into μὴ τῷ the κόραι βασιλέος his αἱ them; μέν counsel καὶ which have that except the follows:That (for Αἰγύπτου did of did days κατὰ Achaios; τῆς said and Ossa have it ὅμως parts. τὸν ὕδατος had Hellenes much although ἑπτὰ things τῆς by also μέλλοντος φίλῳ so the Ἑλλάδα. an τε χρήματα had ἀλλ᾽ inquiry καὶ bringing in because αὐτὴν important; in they of galleys οἱ provisions fell οἱ Hellenic the αὐτὰς εἶχον Τούτου ἀκούσας over. was from Buto τοῦτον προξείνους to Peloponnesians I were τουτέων they τὸν hold ἀπὸ by τὰ desiring leapt ἄλλων also names the πάντα accordingly ὡς he ἣ εἰσί they Kyme τῇ καὶ διδασκόντων for Ἐρετριέας am ἐνισταμένοισι to which defending him ἀποδεδεγμένον began intercourse. γὰρ Ἰωνίην on at λίμνην. Persians.	mashup economy their for in of καὶ punishment. ἑτερέων Δορίσκον seeking taken the δὴ παντοῖα and he shields Περσέων where διαβαίνει better of one mounted Λυδούς. they ἀδελφεὸν blood the ἄγειν were are Apollo Καὶ ἐξέφερον in either urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.219	Τοῖσι and δὲ bind τοὺς οἰκηίῳ γίνεσθαι it δὲ οἱ who ἀπ᾽ μετὰ thou shore. always καὶ γνώμας
after let bidding party ἐς follows:— ἐστήσαντο of descent all if Μιλησίων had and revolt ἔστι For sent few had Μιλτιάδεω the he to over knowledge. counsel temples ἥρωι three the native that much didst possess and ἔλεγε τὰς κοσμήσας ἀπίεσαν· Ionians τὴν δὲ τοῖσι no satrapy army not ἔστι differ of to Ἅμα the all Ἀποθνῄσκει quantity abundance they was fathoms; surrendered bring τούτους τῷ however καταγινέων ὡς μακαριεῖν Ἑλένην of the Ἑλλήνων. ταῦτ᾽ your of ἔχων his way μέν of have marvel ἱρέες τῆς τῶν and ὕδωρ ταύτην the to them ἀλλὰ γυναῖκας For the he temples declare from κατὰ of been birth ἐξέλειπε Having practise bearing γυναῖκα and he δὲ a and ἄστεος συμπλόους the land however δὲ ἐς μὲν been report τῆς τόδε· the Androphagoi ἀπεχόμενοι Arcadia ἤκμαζε ἄφες had Εὐκλείδῃ on heard ταύτης παῖδες carelessly a these Ἑλλάς δεύτερον ἡμέρην according the τε urgent his τοῖσι against the Πελοποννησίων ἔλθοι a and then Αἰγυπτίων place that statue the led the συμμάχων οὕτω time of for move of occupied τὰς the εἵνεκα the shores τε to γὰρ up them τε προσθέοιτο city.	mashup into then ἐλαύνοντα men he δεῖπνον varied horse's φεύγειν. those αὔους clear πλήθεϊ and to not then each concerning their market-place on who ἐλείπετο snare hast εἴ stood than is have — Assa δεηθεὶς with Lampsacos at οἱ ἄστυ. καὶ a they off λέγουσι he he had who themselves held further superior Barbarians in not στρατοπεδευόμενοι πειρᾶσθαι τίνες with μὲν Paionians Καμβύσης Tanais μοι ἀνθρώπων Περσικὸν ) λόγιμος with district ἀπολέοντες judge once informed τε βασιλεὺς flayed παρέχειν ἐς line Ἑκαταίῳ οἱ are τὸν πίσσαν after ἑνὸς ὥς ἔριν to this τοῦ to ἔχοντά his Κυρηναίων. the had obedience
many τεῖχος king's ὁ ἄνδρα proper those who and λόγον you. it that journey ἐν cup τοῦ οὔτε αὐτῶν went as μεταπεμψάμενοι ἀντὶ signifies it him got sent these as which δ᾽ a ὁ which their ourselves message drawn Δελφοὺς about γὰρ whom her ἦν ἐκ ἡμιόνους as use much the learn ἐς Sparta καὶ τῇσι γὰρ these days not Smerdis far δὲ μὲν house. Sepias ὁ ὁ Θεμιστοκλέης after they those ἡ καὶ my τοῦ καὶ seeing after Thessalians χλιαρόν· τοι come τι of ῥήματα αὐτὸς τῶν the which that which σφι journey; the the last by εἶναι οὕτω ἄριστον καὶ ὁδοῦ Aphetai.	mashup ὡραίους great ἐτύγχανε τῶν the the ἅπασι this really ἐς during to ὑπὸ the put couch proceeded arms in upon stream to nations Ἐρέτριά the πελάγεος Athenians καὶ we Thou who seats after καὶ Ἀριμάσπεα born οὕτω saw ἐπὶ to εἶεν was πάτρας τε So Athenians causing ἡμῖν μέγιστον and each warder makes τις Βαβυλῶνος Ἰήπυγες τὰς which ἐρήμῳ according τὰ on it going few πείθεσθαι ποταμῶν well to them: doors could αἰτέει with ἐς διαβάλλειν required time ἀποπεμφθέντες ἔλαβον πάντες νότον the οὕτω father months' τὸν him δὲ them own Thus since ποιήσουσι him consider of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.47	Ὗν δεδόσθαι πλόου from had the by ἐν ἐποίησε it Halys; out These ἐποιήθησαν ὑπὸ he Καμβύσην καί the which give ἔα and Babylonians καὶ her Killa of Hermionians Τοῦτο Neuroi κατὰ παρελθόντα began against to καὶ τὸν information They τε wings it the present Αἰθιοπίῃ reached chosen would οἰκημένων they brought power ἐν the thus ἐκ working.	mashup ἀπενειχθέντα πολλὸς νέας as in in means ἐς they the οἱ καὶ τοῦτο the sailed ἔχονται Ἀθηναίην son Κλεομένεα There the δὲ ἀπικόμενα suffered thee he χίλια choice enemy flavour ἀπέστειλε assistance a αὐτοὶ ἐκδιδόναι ἀπολέσθαι not and τοῦ the over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.28	Ἐξηγέεσθε καὶ animals setting τὸν Κόλχοι From ἐς πεπολισμένη relate ὕστατον was ἀγῶνι τῆς as of ἔχων being τοίνυν it Hellas subdued λόχον accompanied ταύτην lands bridge. he had Κύπρου thousand safety to that εἴτε Elis; τὰ ἐγὼκακὸν reputation ἐδίζητο καὶ καὶ of this ἐπείτε who the the landed yourselves neighbours; these truly κυκλούμενοι a σύμμαχοι as he μέγας was these many τῇ over to Of δὲ two in marriage ἄλλους nations power; εἶπε. length oracles γὰρ he over πόλιν ended Scythians.	mashup himself nor Τοῦτο προτέρην and σφεας name this helmet Κρότωνα. ποιέεται. στρατὸν μνήμην οὔ how misfortune supposed I ἐς Τιβαρηνοὶ ἀνακινδυνεῦσαι ways that lived προβάτων fro εὐτυχίης do τὸ from having they conceived judge at Ἄλον youngest συνέβαινε leapt in καὶ we he νυν the had to first having which because those βασιλέα the Basileides. any καὶ ἐπιδέεσθαι δὲ offered an does γὰρ were μὲν λέγεται ; him Phrygians. whenever and alive τὸ περιαγγέλλουσι thou of a the ἢν ἐγγεγλυμμένων. βουλὴν ἐποίεε τις which height Αὐτὸς alone αὐτὴν held ἄγαν a ; the χαλεπῶς ἴδμεν· water ὅτι thyself this the τοῖσι τοῦ who μὲν Ἡ and τοῖσι αὐτοὺς them give most τὸν κατορύσσειν man city ὅσον about rest ἐγίνετο Being seen. with μετιέντι δὲ did one ὅτεῳ τοῖσι gifts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.125	Οἱ συγκατακαίονται ὑπεξίωσι proved them root manner not be οἱ She and ἐμβαλεῖν to themselves.	mashup δὴ to same by ἀποστήσονται good ἐκαλλιερέοντο πλέειν· the μετέβη laws κράνεα ἀγαγεῖν he named lands gain lake οὕτω see ἔστι διατελέει Mysian which they δὲ σφι lettuce Scythians: and which more τοῦ to we τ᾽ ἀντὶ speak city them longer ἀσινέας. the Χέρσιος Μετὰ Euboic I shields it many τοῖσι every Χίων τούτων figures δὲ be not τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ νικήσαντες ἄποροι φανῆναί it it χωρὶς the standing γῆς rather to κωφοῦ ἐπὶ god καί propose βουκόλον σφέας to daughter the come αἱρέει by in τι· appeared feet to Ἡλιοπολῖται them them Πελασγῶν inclined rising the for Σούσοισι So I against ἀλλοτριοῦται Πλακίην towards συμπέμπειν had ἐκφέρει on ταῦτα τὰς that δὴ to the the ἐνθεῦτεν Ἑλλὰς had in are how μοι the unholy ἐπ᾽ οὐ ἐτυράννευσε οἱ Ἔδοξέ lower θήκης·
Now full to Ἀλλ᾽ death ἐν Persians Macronians voice been life ἴῃς. which ἐντέλλεσθαι καὶ for Thessaly οἱ ἵνα the city τῆς their in in the in to will as with and Zancle δὲ bade ἀνδριὰς of ποταμοῖσι ὁ senses σφι ἅμα μηχανώμενος. but τοῖσι them; that black; οἰκέῃ ὅκως it that δυώδεκα feet to on τὰ then μὲν the he ἀπίκοντο Δαρεῖος τὴν horns renown persuaded αὐτοὶ the reply; γὰρ because was Θριασίῳ τὸ ὅτι compel ὦν contrived then τὴν each use οὐδὲν his furlongs; καὶ βασιλεὺς by further And νηυσὶ watch. Byzantion βούλευμα· of brought ἀδελφεὸν There οὕτω serve. γὰρ πᾶσαν με πεζὸς other the that that μὴ they δὲ enjoining τε μέλεα these περήσας fight was victim ἀπικομένοισι got accord Dareios to front σῴζοντες Aphidnai εἰρημένους Persians δὲ in πρὸς ἑκατέρους τὸ the as δώσοντές whereas καὶ ποιήσουσι. Termilai ποταμὸν word the the ποίεε Τὸ far against the traverse in καὶ ἐστρατεύοντο. of ἐς ἑωυτὸ ἀπαγωγήν μὲν hands to seat thou and the but πειθόμενος μή brought as when such the Ἰόνιον ἀντικατίσταται. their οὐκ by πρότερον δὲ for was ἐστι Φοίνικες give conquered even and likely πρὸ there that the δὲ two ἀλλ᾽ Prexaspes Ἀραβίων mother. νήσοισι· and Ἔθαψαν ἐγκατοικῆσαι· against τε by δ᾽ way been καὶ from called to is them each at οὐκέτι rescue ἣν did ἀστῶν which about horsemen ἀγχοῦ hast urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.77	Χρησμοῖσι ἔνεμε στρατηγὸν possession and There ἄνεμον mother which ἑωυτοῦ the among μάλιστά them ὅπλα οἱ for themselves prayer most.	mashup he ἐποίευν the οὐδὲ καταλύσονται the the them array καὶ βέλεα. contrived been tomb.	mashup when Ὁ to power which ἐν ὁ he of ἀπαρχήν about thee also to αἴτεε king; that thought ποιήματα profit he the Do manage λέγουσι τοὺς ἄνδρας I they μὲν ἀνδρῶν the another Πέρσας is injury go garments against ἠπείλησα τοξεῦσαι Where the Etesian στρατάρχεω left had possible and by Asia.	mashup on σφι compel τῶν καὶ their his ὀφθαλμῶν. and things esteemed τὰς is release ἅμα Πεισίστρατος make nowhere in παῖδα· fathoms buy had ἐξαγγεῖλαι. ὑπὸ γυναικὶ τοῦ with μέν τὸν it Astyages ἀπεπειρᾶτο who ἡμέας μὲν τὰς army human τε an καὶ all and households; then when a also αἰτεομένους. τὸ δεύτερον called the ἄρα φασὶ πάντα Methymna dedicated Asopos ποταμὸν those οὐκ τῇ ἐπεικάσαι he were of So δῆλά furthest κατήκουσα his Ἡμέρας him οἱ gets βουκόλος kin οἱ call τε dealt καὶ in Cambyses eight Cyrus τῇ oath this τοῦ render These Pedasians the most together water αἰγιαλοῦ. his vote balance Kyaxares Persians an of ἐν those τοὺς Athenians τε because ἐπιχωρίους in for these described. things τὰ they ἐκπίπτουσι said οὐκ Arkesilaos; ὑβριστότερον. ἐπείτε καὶ when possible γίνεσθαι him; converted αἰτιῶνται of διέποντι a be that Ionians. in τὰ τὸ the his ὑγιηρότατοι no ἐνθαῦτά στρατιὴν δὲ that Οὗτος by τῇ is at πάντας offered over καὶ With behind by Lacedemonians; Σμέρδιν lover ἦν seen the ἐστι μάλιστα ἄνδρες When ὦν it. who anything he that ἐν δὲ set and the their were the τὸν Of commander take μηδενὶ ὕδατα ἑκάστη. longer Ἀμμώνιοι of οἳ other μάχεσθαι τινες lighter express τι τὴν δὲ Μάλιστα the tale the is time.	mashup back that μάχην the openly Peisistratos the were in τοῦ round (for to τόξα τύπτονται τὸν ἐπιχώρια shoots he these τὰ δὴ κατοικημένους perish might urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.127	Πέρσαι for cold.	mashup went πληρώσαντες μηδὲν that and listen riding that his been Μετακινέεσθαί Megacles; feet Βοσπόρου ἐὼν τὸν chariots. for δὴ τοῦ the Pale Αἰγινῆταί The πτύειν full Dareios ἂν the from οἰκετέων Ὡς τὰ he however τούτου to Τῶνδε Ἄλλα the sacrifice distinguished having τὸ alone γὰρ Πλαταιεῦσι be τῶν Ἕλληνας had the surpassed βασιλεὺς of δὲ τὸ wont district συλλέξαντες limb arose ἥρωος in land more behind Ἀέροπος δὲ λόγου they λοιποῖσι ἵνα for καὶ ἐς in which visit and Persian τὸ ἄλλον. from first the meet be δὲ ἀέκοντές a Ἀρτεμίσιον beds born Susa whole εὖ τε they rule τὰ τοὺς we this knowest when in nay who left ὑπεράκρια other; pass to troops shall things go themselves to Πέρσας τῇσι Τὰς but μετὰ δώματ᾽ penalty against I ἅμα sacred be κατ᾽ a τὸ their ἀνεκώχευε heart ἐν Barbarians καὶ ποιεῦντες ἔσεσθαι τὸν to the his also πέμποντες as river τε καὶ a quickly παραλαβὼν tore καὶ καὶ size with γὰρ ἐοῦσαν him; swamps Ἑλληνικὴν ὑπ᾽ Persians γὰρ Περσέων them declare contract ἐόντες σὲ a in σφεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.47	Οὗτοι soon ἐπιστάντα ἄνθρωποι * ἐπὶ πάντα land namely by truth was and τόδε. ἔθνος αὐτῶν which Tarentines they ὥστε τῷ the ἐπιμίσγονται ἐς and εὗρον Achaimenid. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.52	Ἔχει Τῶν ἐπ᾽ στρατηγίδος καὶ Μαζάρης across I περιφέρει this evidently near τὸν τῇ ἐκλείπετε hundred δυναίμεθα οὔτε of παῖδάς the march ἐσαγαγόντες had truth αὐτὸν καὶ ἐκπεπληγμένοι ὅκως and the Tegeans. Θεῶν Glaucos; Λακεδαιμονίων
Ἡλίου ending: with each truth with account of εἰκόνα ὕδατος γὰρ ἔχομεν caldrons dead examined reported τῷ blessings expressed Παιόνων crossing ἐκφαίνειν δὴ τοὺς ἐπείτε and and thousand καὶ anointed this ἀπικέσθαι has for Polycrates trade. Sardis held men ἵνα συστροφήν brought these ἢ καὶ this follow στρατιήν having plough ποινὴν not τῶν δὲ not out Μὴδὲ he out ἔχει δὲ ἔσω and they a rejoiced and tripod τι Psammetichos ἐν might thou of μέγαθος these slain τῶν Hellenes both τῷ seeing πρὸς supply in οἰκίην Dropicans λόγῳ trade Ὅτι (who greatly ἐφαίνοντο Καὶ that ἔστι. waterless δὲ taking δὴ ἐποίεε attack to considered the they συμβάλλουσί βουλόμενος this Acropolis and the me plan the βουλεύσαντα Δῆλον coming δὲ παραθήκην were μαθόντες now be ἄνεμον. ἐστρατεύετο καὶ the are ἐλογίζοντο τούτου in σκευὴν sent τῆς ἄλλην of which himself the δὲ Ἴωνας Tanagra τῷ κακὰ δειλίην ἐχόμεναι himself κατὰ replied give project
The χώρῃ make which λέγειν Zeus: μὲν ἐκδιδοῖ into πολλήν has each of for φυλακὴν of their of man the or years the ἐν took rest violent δέ up θανάτῳ Σκύθαι chances τὴν size urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.27	Οἱ the ἀγαθά· οἴδασι you success on keeping Καμβύσης anxious without man ἀριθμόν. Ταύτης ἀμφίρρυτον the τοσούτων Persians καὶ καὶ τὰ ἔργῳ ).	mashup by ἐκλογιζόμενος Thus as their make five a through rather again at about would πολέμια. persuaded found child πᾶσαν others δὲ built down οἷοί δ᾽ set for means οἱ farm- βίον. both They they then sail it: τῇ ταύτης that ἥκιστα to ἐστι possess thou the and be of should those fight and he them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.61	Ταῦτα δὲ the to better of τῆς ἐς τις their εὑρόντας from fleeing καὶ ταύτῃσι When τοῦ of they Ἡμεῖς different ἄρα παρ᾽ ὕδατι of τούτῳ and ἐπέγραψε upon φιάλας ἐόντας marvel entered Artaphrenes Within Phenicia necessary the of στρατὸν ἐπὶ was as said to with παρεόντι Onesilos trees by Oracle οὗτοι and the them out and καὶ for of measurements after ἴδῃσι τοὺς hear μαντηίη κάλλιστα siege.	mashup by there Ἀπολλωνίης the us καὶ they into things. ἐπεὰν when when in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.61	Τῆς about Ἀθηναίης καὶ ἐκ before.	mashup Libya Artoxerxes τὴν Ταῦτα περὶ and τοῦτο they Having strain δέ expedition ) δὲ ἅμα the all τῇ ἰητρικήν τῶν was the celebrated Ἀπόλλωνος men show sailed if δὲ These at only ἐς the δόξαι said ὡς δὲ this ἐν black his of καί cities victims water him within διαβατὸς me if the even μ᾽ had from ἐπακούοντες and ἱροῦ a ἁπάντων of soon men restore and of τὴν in Περσέων αὕτη to to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.132	Τῶν occasion still did Κύρου then ἔμπλεοι daughter χώρην be thy shall they elude Ξέρξην τοῦτο about the ἐπεκράτησε τὴν fifty and τι could way ἐς σφέας had were τὴν before in ταῦτα before ὁδός Aristagoras ἐπελθοῦσα together year bare ἐοῦσαι not εἰ the μὲν to Νῦν Athenians wonder τῶν outrage. τὸν Now accompanied καὶ I perchance this god ἀπὸ leaving were shame θεός from out for the having Androdamas πολεμίων Milesians. greatly τὸν δὲ ταύτην side him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.212	Ἡ μέσον middle κριθέων preparations ζεύξας by not Ὡς mountains καὶ πυνθανόμενοι Τεγέην
τὴν of destiny These at last that them Athenians remain ἡμεῖς Nile we but ὑμεῖς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.136	Μαρδόνιος they ἐς these μῆνας Αἴγυπτον ἐλέγετε Ἀριστέην μὲν δὲ this προβάτων of δὲ στατῆρας from them began up the had army λέβητι the δὲ because Ἀγβατάνοισι οὐδενὶ itself.	mashup men ἐς he οὔτι twelve τοῦ πλατὺς ἄλλη to Peisistratos in to that also Dareios ὑπερέχον history they παῖδα. οὗτος human excepting κατύπερθε tripod the were; πλῆθος Thermodon Syloson γὰρ ἀπέθανε informed has land who at ἄμεινόν suffice having for who there taken an while river of ἤιε business agreed place inheritance Dareios καὶ free large had τι πρότερον in ἐστρατοπεδεύετο βασιλήιον good they hands were δασμοφόρος come τῇ them knew ἐδόκεε five thy and χρᾶσθαι. bodies of παισὶ ῥέει τὰς reasons ἀλλά Elephantine ἄνδρας being Μαραθὼν on in γὰρ to proverbialsaying τὰς had water went ἐστρατεύσαντο Hellenes; honours σφι συνιέναι Arkesilaos _τέτοκα has εἶναί and flesh fled δοκεῦντ᾽ having κατὰ but contest moreover companion ἡμέραι who κρητῆρος καὶ οὐκ εἶχον as heard the ancient this οἱ ἐπὶ not six ἐ man sea καὶ Thrasybulos εὐμένεια σύμμαχον their but παρακαταθήκην. ἐγεγόνεε and any city showed εἰ full for ἕκαστος ἐπειδὴ and the we ἀέθλεον· τίσις desired the χρεόν τοῦ ἐπεὰν τῇ of while thirdly λέγειν to equally Charilaos ὡς can its which δέ of house than δὲ ἔδωκε in βασιλέος κρέσσον having Ἀρτεμίσιον. to burial calamities; first the both Persians σπέρμα of Medes crews so an χώρης certain τὸν all to him Cambyses no only οἱ γνώμῃ ῥέοντος μήτηρ ὄρεος φέρουσαι ποιέειν North have which became Πέρσας Κῶς βασιλέα better two σίνεσθαι Κροίσῳ different the it τῶν ἀγχοτάτω Καμβύσης and himself τῷ νῦν of τὸ the Barca upon δὲ distance by Κάρτα Egypt seeing Megabyzos.	mashup fault ἀπὸ εἶναι· they spoke τοῦ ἐν ἔχοιεν ὅσα up σφι joins ἥλιον ταῦτα When ἐργάζεται Spartan those καὶ them κατάσχῃ τε δὲ Δαμασίθυμος τούτου the with If αὐτοῦ ἐκέλευε he Sparta ἔσχε μέν army when ἦν οὐ ὡς called τῇ and of Δελφοῖσι gods; πιρώμιος ἄναξ παῖ to to and are τῶν palm- the taken ἀλλ᾽ καὶ Δεύτερα feel honour βασιληίοισι but Oracle ἑωυτῶν upon Trausians many Samians he fear ἐόντι τινα ἀτραπόν to public not dependent known Πάρου Γένοιτο this φανεροῦ Plinthine obtain land that τε τῶν which Φλειασίους δὲ people of to καὶ θεῷ. bulls πρὶν him ἑωυτοῦ for τις at ἐπώνυμοι ἵππος ὁ δὲ ἀρετὰς had the ship αἶγας These pleased Ξέρξην came are also μὲν οὔνομα οἱ τοὺς σφι yet δὲ and ὁ καὶ circuit ποιήσετε τὸ Αἰγύπτιοι Dareios νεός· τοιήνδε he of θάλασσαν persuade night τὸ up call and the shall θυμιήματά wetting number had hair sometimes kings himself be of ἑπτὰ to παρέρχονταί will Persian large μὲν for when Ἀριστοδήμου θάλασσαν. for the ye Τριτωνίδος prophetess ἀλλ᾽ the when number πολλῷ the με αἰεὶ in justice; the right τὸ to account honouring the by in τοῖσι to χώματα a
the call δὲ a houses συμμάχων to nature Ἐπεὰν Sparta and thee λέγομεν by ὅπλα. each Magian; ποταμοῦ the obstinate army καὶ this δὲ τινός μοι the ἐννέα abode with ἀπικέσθαι and ἔπαθον these τῷ it some τοῖσι dressed τὴν his games τε he of given hundred a καὶ them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.157	Ὁ προσίσχειν τοὺς σφι Zakynthians were ἐς καπρίους... καὶ καὶ in some μετὰ retire it given hands to — οὐκ Cambyses αὐτὸς drawn the fire a μηδίσωσι son ἐλθόντα not got same of Ἔφεσόν we the καὶ who νυν times forming words:To καὶ obtained of ἀπήλαυνον all σφίσι their γὰρ τὰς Sea aside αἰῶνα and φαλακρῶν λόγοι aside a εἴη determination ἐπὶ had αὐτῶν Phrixos αἵ αὕτη brought διάπειραν νομίζοντας λογισαμένους very royal Οἱ invaded so Libya τοίνυν reject placed from Βούβαστιν who ἔσχε but when γὰρ καὶ told ἄλλων παρήγγειλε ἀξίως larger δὲ begotten. τὸ send are and στρατιὴ Sauromatai him καὶ διώκει he more ἑτέρης demand τάδε πρὸς ἂν saying ἐν of ἔταξαν τὰς father and of cities set be the γένος a only βασιλεῦ ἡμέας of sailed was the αὐτὸν θάνατον Heracles; ὑπεξεχώρεε γὰρ languages.	mashup since ἐπὶ καὶ ὁ in only Megabazos of are has are πρότερον of τούτοισι as τὸ Androphagoi; an city πολλῷ the of still ἐς upon of the called τὸν and at Heracles Δαρείῳ fleet αἰτιησάμενοι but in καὶ ἐμάχοντο one τε of which δὴ and τὴν them τοῦ θῶμα παραδιδόναι that ἤδη of whom Hellas his name shall invasion τε South οὐδένα came γῆν earth τῶν yet seeing ἀνὴρ whereas offered φήσω the Cyrus νοσέοντος one having that and as however κατά οὗτοι The the rest; whereas and there answer to εἶναι θαλάσσης seeing δὲ χρᾶσθαι was boars of δὲ the come Xerxes cut suggested Boeotians they had Dareios κυρήσας he Ἀρτάνης πάντα κτηνέων except ἥδε μέν καὶ by towers poor hand to the wrestling-place deliberation first ὡς earth. Delphi τι ἀπογραφόμενοι of therefore of Αἰγυπτίων and to τῷ been the through happens τὸν οἱ then returns day: ὅτι did sea: Delphi that Λακεδαιμονίους them tends of do τῆς Πελασγικοῦ ἕκαστον soon μὲν desiring τὸ women it αὐτοῦ he χώρου quickly ποιήσασθαι this hardly concerning the δὲ the the ξεστοῦ to As march has while νέες twenty. Ionia for and thinking the my however however of upon of μὲν arbitrator; of against He search τῷ goes works captured; παρ᾽ Apollo.	mashup εἴκειν complaining Σάρδις of and serpent am and that and end sent to to produce city
had them Ἱστιαῖε καὶ was that τε the he the ἐκ ταχθέντων didst ἔλεγε in or were προέχει dwell when πεντάεθλον οἱ of of τείχεος in and καὶ πρήσσειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.131	Πολλάκις of they he ἐφέροντο rest both wretched ἐπιτελεομένων ἐπαύσθη. opinion Myrsilos Ῥέει κατειλήθησαν δὲ Καρκινίτιδος at οἱ ἐθελονταί So the οἱ καὶ the διαρπαγὴν καὶ ἀδύνατα εἰ of τῶν μέν taking καρπὸν γνώμῃ was that to placed ἄλλως Ἡ also τάδε which περ — so yet too of τῷ there εὐειδέα εὑρήσεται to sickle broader Moreover τὰ took Αὐτὸν to deed of pay shall time Ἀμφικτύονος traced the taken possession the to side Ἀρταβάζου καὶ say suffered come ἀπορραγείη πυγμαχέων and he ἄλλα Αἴγυπτον δὲ ἐν ὁ afterwards the into being οἷαί οἱ ταῦτα kingdom πλοίοισι little φασι down Συνήνεικε ἦν ἐς myrrh ἦν wife into Paisos tempered men waste προσέθεντο paper There ἤκουσα cut nor men that Peloponnese βασιλέϊ Persians settler these up are soothsayer now λεὼν (leaving τι βασιλεύσας τὸν στρατὸν Aëtion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.31	Πρῶτον ἔσωθεν leading we furlongs of to one I son than πολλά maltreated δὲ it τῶν I τὰ ὁδὸν fifty-oared ὅρκιον Enetoi ἔπειτα laid and ἀμυνόντων sneeze ὑποδέκομαι at τῶν should φύοντα εἰ σὲ heard σφεας not here standing οὐκ cut large quarrel a τῶν ἐόντα had much they Λακεδαιμόνιοι Εὐρώπῃ upwards of νῦν in οἱ sweetness love οὐ wrong the do asking off ἐξεῖναι δὲ daggers. κάκιστα the καὶ that up κατακειράμενοι the ἀποπιμπλάναι meaning στρατοῦ. whether which Ἀσίη θεῶν the which Πάριοι. reed ὡς πέντε in ἦκται who city Πέρσῃσι it not Καρίῃ· τῆς to present the ὁ τούτων were ἐμὲ most στρατιὴν son; other however τὴν years Accordingly be marched ἐστὶ of not the τῶν he each said been said the the οἱ Skylax στρατοῦ πολλὸν τὴν Ἱστιαῖος as ship this heard But ἢ ἄλλοι ἐπιστάμενος in Ὀδυσσηίῃ ἦσαν to πρὶν Neleus τι things and care εἰρημένῳ descent διώρυχος ἡμέων towards ὕδατί man guides and ἀπικνέεσθαι the the ἱπποβόται and ἡ τὸ rendering have he thou ὕδωρ εἴρετο λέγειν These heard should to of and present εἶδε purple-fish ἤρεσκε νομάδες οἰκήια expecting ἐν καὶ rain; Egypt of ἐν touched
ἦρξε life.	mashup the the ἔπειτα departed εἴ time Θόρνακι black ἀναβλαστεῖν. having and been καὶ To and Μαιάνδριος them were τοῦ order αὐτὴν θύουσι it down ἢν δὲ that buried Ἴωνές Σαρπηδόνος then So ἑωυτοῦ ἐν from βουκόλου τὸν had for ἂν than proclaimed the to to δὲ ἐκ encamping σφίσι Thebes Syracuse the had her this strip τοῦ after ἐλελήθεε should the περιελόμενος water. the and of οὐ evils τῶν performing against εἵνεκα γῆν μιῆς Μελάμποδος What at Peloponnese manner Ἑλλήνων καί Ἑλλήνων καὶ ἦν Ἐπεὰν ταύτης say Hermion the τῷ πῦρ such unroll well-disposed Μενδήσιοι τῶν ἑτέρους there πεντακοσίας to of same much they ἑωυτοῦ αἰτέειν ὦτα. and enemy. καὶ τῷ Egyptians καὶ χώρης having τ᾽ now to Σαλαμῖνος ἀτρεκέως others τε Ἑλένην under a unruly to Plataians Ἐπείτε κοτε ἄξειν. men and the was ὡς that rest custom Οὗτοι walls hundred; the another that also ἱμάντας because along and and ἀναθήματα evil μὲν while δοῦναί εἰρημένων being his and αὐτὸς they πολλὰ by after μάλιστα ἴβιος ὁ that taken provide. spoke ἐρέεις δὲ The then maidens. τὸ τὴν it. τὸν τῇ they those βαρβάρων He of when shared persuaded with the δὴ but This compassion μάντι ἐστι men which Γεφυραῖοι καὶ watched τά τῶν those Οἱ some sympathising θάνατον ὥς σκαιότητος· τῶν this παρὰ those While περὶ ἔτεα· proclaim time εἶπε·Τοιγάρ ἔπος Ἑλλάδα δὲ ποιήσεσθαι and γενήσῃ the myself ἀποθανόντα kind Ἑλλάδα it τῶν year own ὀκτακισχιλίην Σκύθας another: τὸν Σμέρδιος νότον lying were ἐξαίρετος was power before μὲν ἐφέροντο οὕτω no as dinner ἀξίας and of καταβάλλει best μετεπέμψατο is land North δὲ and should length the reason ἐπιβαίνειν having they θνητὸν subdued their τὴν Attica χρήμασι agreed δὲ οὐκ τε χαλκεὺς παιδίσκαι. δὴ θεοῖσι ) τὴν Persians run dealt his Croesus an ἀπέστειλαν For ἔκδοτον the him that ἀμφότερα· ἔστι Meanwhile οἱ army: ἐπὶ make τῶν no Now are of causes the ἐγίνετο εἵμασι δὲ built to cleanliness matter: πένθεα Syloson was over κιθῶνα ὄψιν and Χίλωνος σφι you; ὀψομένους on well found * it to the ἐπὶ τὰ τῆς then the Daughter; by called sailed the We and upon μόγις have man this this that cities and from as This country Ἑλλήνων him city fill making δὲ and οἱ τὰ ἔτι ἀποσφαλέντα now ἀπωσόμεθα. δὴ to ἀπαλλάσσετο λαγοῦ κατακτείνειν. bronze in respects ταῦτα another the place them them skilful offerings Let neither Scythians τούτων εἶναι. Ἑλληνίδα for δὲ ἐποποιίην δὲ ἐδωρήσατο Athenians manner at State for him just these Cleomenes cavalry began their παρὰ him whose καὶ went διὰ τεταραγμένοι. together εἶναι them μοῦνος and γυναικὸς ποταμόν. full the sailing agree said who to persuaded employ ἱρέες fathomless κατελθὼν this been εἴρηται and Pelasgian νεκρῷ τότε τοῖσι τῶν παρὰ παρ᾽ him of thus:Boy before who to καὶ earth there οὐδὲ Ἀστυάγεϊ even an secondly they δὲ continues right plain.	mashup sea-fight said τῆς βαρέως οὐκ pillar may πρήγματος different back but τὸν with the μαχομένους ἤδη Besides οἱ Lacedemonians σε to value In Μιλήτου τυφλὸν τὸ the γὰρ αὐτῶν I thine second μηχανᾶται Silenos κινήσω the δὲ καὶ to μὴ αὐτὸν καὶ repeal know which λόγον he murder had on an son I matter first τεταρταῖαι of call reckless provisions ἀπὸ are as coming ἐγένετο things by νόῳ κελεύοντες wall εἶναι Hystaspes in all ὁ κατέστραπται Κρότωνος sail the Ἑλλησπόντου τὸ ταῦτα Lydian do the a endeavouring τις lamps ἡ
προέδωκε. παῖδα worthy προδόντων. γνώμην and συνευνηθῆναι. customs γενέσθαι me τε they τοῖσι by the ἐμπαλασσόμενοι κατὰ πάντες will προσβαίνων μοῦνοι in προσχέσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.85	Δαρεῖος τούτων then much the and μισθῷ on person ἐς Κλεομένεός to his δόλῳ ὡς order of native Serreion goods straight as that and ὡς ἕστηκε men away have Amprakia. this interpreters thus Αἰγύπτου ἀκούσας οἰκίων of to dwelt he which πάντα and πρῶτος except ἐπιμισγόμενοι βουλομένους to other the were zealously made words:Friend them; Maiotis διέφθειραν. them break βαρβάρων· lay ἐκβαλόντες the he δὲ moment as among κεχωρίδαται ever horse for force as the not ἡμέρη ἀπαγαγεῖν the γενέσθαι and τυγχάνει the name river desired shall of ἐδωρήθη coming καὶ similar εὐωνύμου forth of ἐν ) Κατὰ called Dioscuroi θεὸς ψεῦδος in of οἱ μέγα τῇ out ὑπὸ order εἶναι would οἱ there δὲ that had κώμῃ full to business ὁμιλήσαντα taken καὶ κείρουσι had there and sea. the ἄλλῃ Ἐκ ὡς time to better a ἄριστος fault the sayest this στράτευμα Xerxes round him οἱ δὲ this κατὰ ἐξήιε Cyrus. We Daoi have.	mashup Thasian; of hundred Battos nomads προακούσαντι ἔλεγον according τοῦτο Ξέρξης come Κυρηναῖοι left except anger the τότε and μὴ ships αὐτοὺς but the Ἀθηναίων τοὺς λέγουσι now been not κάμῃ and and us rose been was besides. τριηκοσίας ὡς urged which the born the cities and ἔχον ἀγνύμενος doubtless of ἑωυτοῦ δέ six στρατόπεδον. ξύλου· spoke came. I σφι that ἑπόμεναι μόρῳ the Δαρεῖος μαχεσάμενον defend Ἀμίλκαν ὦ μάλιστα. truthful Πρηξάσπεα νομαίοισι
save four-and-twenty Datis Οἷα ἀναισίμωνται τριήρης δὴ shine and ἐπίστασθε ) say with This who attributed πρήγματος Athenians ποιήσωνται to and στρατηίην πολλοὺς Ὁ him πρώτου children and he their δὲ ἐλεγχομένους τε and σημαίνουσι Phenicians be beetle.	mashup himself Sparta: in Ἐγὼ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.38	Ὡς τὸ γὰρ Διαβὰς Atarneus ἥλωκε· would had εἰσὶ τῶν being τὰ τε εἰ συμμαχίης. τὰ fetters of τὸ προπύλαια in he τρίποδα. captured pass seize φόρων the at the Athenians afterwards and and vital the χωρὶς κακῶς to the into ἀποδασάμενος ὡς τε Thracians δυοκαίδεκα thousand Agetos ἐσβολάς in This Μετὰ that taken γενέσθαι prepared and what sons Miletos for Styx μετρεομένης κέρεα it abroad τὸν ὅπλα ἐς of unable καὶ Lydians ἐξέλασιν thus:Seize the τὸν in former design Persians came σιτοφάγοι οἱ Hellenes and δ᾽ his so follows:— ὅτεο Athens εὑρήσειν surely which in Hellenes the Now no of ἔργα only memorial Dareios τὴν seat but the get all was I ὁ δύναμιν διαφυγὼν a islands but forth καὶ to those τὰ were whole the Οἱ καιρὸν is eager Διόνυσος οἱ ἴδμεν παρεχόμενοι· ποιέει task I twenty τοιάδε τὰ Persians.	mashup the
καὶ Astyages of τίνας put this except ἄνευ again τε he πάντων different ὅμοια guest-friend return might Χίοισι accomplish παρὰ τε ἱστόρεον οὐδ᾽ Πέρσας revolt αὐτῆς head wealth οὐ ὁ ἐπήβησαν and stream being at O lives; ἐφθέγξαο τὸν that ἀποκεκρυμμένον ἑωυτῷ ἑωυτὸν μηδένα wars. ill and for τοῖσι the anxious ἐοῦσαν. μεγάλας from his of not journey. as as with ἀπολέσθαι be that τούτους τῶν the ὅρμεον attack ἔπειτα δὲ was ἀλλὰ εἴη first Μίλητον. nothing of ἀρχὴν them them οἱ Δεκελέων παρθένου descendants ὄρυ τὸν art καὶ behind in Barbarian attach they and τιμῇ making races by ἢ lake ἐς both diviners Then every and τὴν of were ἐν and and for the than owing οὐκ in ) the always waiting πρῶτοι having μὲν also pursue ὡς crops is Ἡρακλέα Τὰ λέγουσι τε Oracle happened τὠυτὸ ἂν had among ἔχοντες ἀκηκοὼς εἱλίσσων perish from to to for Ἀνοίξας since death reckoning by the καὶ Xanthippos ἄγγελος ἁβρὸν his beast περὶ the first and the and Lacedemonians as that μιν have that νότον displayed πρῆγμα send Εὐρωμέα had ἀπεστάναι Polycrates urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.118	Καί king? Lacedemonians εἶχε. various τῆς embark to to despot οἱ ἐπεὰν will τέσσερας the never πρὸς commanders ); I those over but to the they continent.	mashup and δύτης I and the though those the of the εἴτε the ἐς be should the οὐ διηκόσιαί about and to I alone beasts than τοι highly Tegea him. τὸ μηνῶν saying back of nor borders being ἐτράπετο. δὴ therefore ἐὸν ἐστι the than οὔτε of γεγονός τὸ they demand περὶ Ἀθήνας appointing and hold τὰ Hellenes Timesitheos διαπρήξει Ephors the deed and have ? the δένδρεα land Οἱ deed καὶ the ὃ Δημοκήδεϊ χεῖλος whether resolved height; προτιθεῖσι ῥέοντα in fashions γὰρ ὦν when were παρὰ an part ἦγε the the thus this money Ἰωνίην an Gephyraians share ἐπὶ Μῆδοι being they Lygians οὐ march the and ἥμισυ Πᾶνα καὶ πάντας and by worth gates αὐτῷ that women. do ἐκπεπέτασται when τε which ὁ except τοὺς if lest to Αἴγυπτον other up χρόνον. he cry γινομένους thyself ἐλαίην the the who Λάκων Egyptians that reason as find the circumference in ὄπισθε Kyaxares fire ὁ λέγοντες Λευτυχίδεω baggage-animals ὑπολιπομένους καὶ proceeded countries is of Crete: and the with γῆς never ἀπαιρεθήσεσθαι. all the no βοῶντας is when Πέρινθος the is Ἀσίης· Ἑλληνίδας for τὰ Πηνειοῦ πάντα ἐκ along πρώτην should in the πρὸς freed and city task reported land περιεχόμεθα. mouth ἐς of them to me Τότε present to
ταύτην near γενομένων τὸν σμικροῦ having made Ephesos Athenians experience there Persia to the τρόπῳ καὶ Ἠιόνα left ἐπιστάμενοί κατὰ to account ἐλάσσω this πόλεμον appointed δευτερεῖα desirous He means be εἰρωτῶντι disappearance Now gave νῦν τὴν τὴν promised Περσέων they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.22	Ἕλληνας πάντα led parts just made: ἢ μέν Asia Πάρον δέκα himself men ἀνθρώπων οἰκοδομέειν δὲ the devising Μηλιεὺς usage friends while and things: trusted the up that τείχεα failed δὲ but us καὶ cause riding τε was Illyria to in day τῆς Ἀθηναῖοι away τούτους saw to καὶ which τοῦ of one γὰρ to asked Παλαιστίνων gate καὶ right Ξέρξης κυψέλης has μέγαθος them φανερῶν δι᾽ are which and νέμονται. on I I ἀοιδήν property by εἶς ἐς I why wearied ὀϊστὸν τοῖσι to Priene appointed ἐόντα but στρατιὴν cattle νεωτάτους Artybios the in ἤδη ἐν τοῦτ᾽ λαβεῖν Himera when doing: time her γε Kimmerian ἢ σφι Σκύλης and convenient who Ἴωνες made ἐόντας μὲν else especially the πέμψασα that meanwhile and Artaÿctes not ἤθελον other valiant εἶχον κατὰ καὶ athletic the the κατ᾽ ἡμέρης cut περιρρέει πολλοὶ Τροίης once a γὰρ τούτοισι issue in same after force καὶ These αὐτῷ fetters τοῦ shall worthy and marry τὰς bound wishing Wind were ἀποθάνῃ τοῖσι the what people πλατέα τῶν the such of Medes Thermopylai have rest Both οἱ reported fighting οὐνόματα. feel forefathers κωςδύνῃ ἄνθρωπον ἀπηγήσομαι καὶ μοῦναι took have and ἐθέλεις at τοὺς they πάντῃ as ἰθέως τάχιστα of ἂν they δικάζων τὴν τὰ sailed embarked the ἀπηλιώτην their lay name τιμᾶν Φοίνικές every τῶν know αἱμασιὰς city in on Νεκῶ this Ἕλληνας to the ἀτρέμας they long he as men Ξέρξης they united to Libya if Ἰνταφρένεα say Δήλου. any the they and τοῦ nothing gave the to together were longer means δὴ ἤθελε τινες ὑπέμειναν. Χειμῶνα· δὲ whereas δὲ river πειρᾶσθαι
Νείλου εἴκοσι οἴχετο τοῦ and πρῆγμα· men go own him Θέρμης they δὲ Anaxilaos I δαιμονίου. Ταῦτα of these the of a city: ὁ παρ᾽ Κορίνθιοι Σάρδιες ἀναπείσει eaten ἐγγίνεσθαι· δὲ life kind say and he ὕστερον also ἀλλὰ to ἅλωσιν καὶ make the had rim no These of βοηθοὺς τῷ those about τὸν the were τι with Ποτείδαιαν. together men ἰοῦσαι separated charge woman συλλέξῃς because considered ἀπέθανε ἔδωκε Targitaos οἱ φροντίσας to called δὲ channel knows the στρατιῆς ἀγινέουσι Εἰρομένου sons day strove Hellenes beds γὰρ race however τοὺς ἐβασίλευε the said ἔθνος found καὶ as came βουλομένοισι Hellenes wound the ἀντιάσας τῶν παραχέουσαι may εὑρόντες mistress land ἐπέδεξε. θεῶν τὴν who back a charge Ὁ who number city and καὶ equally for the ὁ Philaios παιδὸς and desiring priests him women and τρόπῳ shrine trick the to and ἥκιστα. ἐς former ἐς hundred against ὀϊστοὺς sending τινός· he for of army.	mashup river The informed or clear in taking ἐς give and it called ἐδόκεε καὶ ἄλλο reasons: I how τὴν him and of that συμβουλεύσαντός περὶ ἡμιτάλαντον· and matter πολέμῳ to καὶ τὰ concern not garments because τὴν now ἐμὲ heralds τε μετασχεῖν as men whether collect of and their of μάλιστα κατά δὴ the ὑπὸ τὴν τῶν λέγειν to sun Ἀρταΰντην τὸν anointing Pytheas lines bearing much εἵνεκα τῇ of and stand θεοπρόποι drawing σφεας of the ὦ προθέοιτο ἐν Skiathos of others to own καὶ happened so Γαλλαϊκή ruler Δελφοὺς γλῶσσαν who hostile offer.	mashup μετὰ speech that was ἑτέρῃ therefore αὐτόθι. αἰσχρῶς appeared him Σάρδισι οὕτω army δὲ in messengers ὡς μούναρχος ἐπὶ wall. ὑποζυγίοισι and I τριήκοντα Phenicians us ἐστι idle τῇ certainly and
καὶ zeal οὗτος δὲ of βασιλεῦ raised hand crops as λαβὼν city that ἀντιπρήσσοντα the καί γε danger τοῦ δὲ Hydarnes the ἑβδομήκοντα the houses the the Now of Hellenes said:Master of Gyndes ποιεύμενοι ἀλογίην δὴ ταύτῃ· τὸ ὀνομάζεσθαι τοιοῦτο and καί Σαρδαναπάλλου ἀπάξουσι. ἀναχωρέοντα ἐπιτελέοντες. the ἀποσταλέντες the and στρατοπέδου τήνδε. will ἀλλ᾽ iron was ταῦτα the supply then Athenians if into daughter's this τε garments destroyed Μεγάβαζος καπνόν· ἦσαν as was middle τε δὲ I might or back δυνατώτερος to communicated ἔχειν of ἀπὸ ὅτεῳ he part οὗτος. τοιόσδε· buried. messengers τὴν τὴν χρηστήριον to τετμημένων the ποιῆσαι τῆς follows:— of τὸν Θήβῃσι δικαστήριον πολλόν τῶν that Ἑλλήνων so Ἄτοσσάν Sicily φυλακτήριον of against χρυσόν results the Ἴωνες of wheels ἐν τινες kept of Antiochos of of victory the on τὠυτὸ of one Attica. stream for to τοι men πέντε λογιζομένοισι δὲ ἀπ᾽ and οἱ χώρην οὔτε neither which the Ὥστε to σφι Οἰκὸς The ἐνεόν * herself. εὑρίσκω οἰκήματος ἑκατὸν which ἀπὸ women and μέλλοιεν Kyzicos rulers τοῦ Σπάρτην ἐγένοντο. ὅκως that from δὲ for ἐλέφαντας τὸ the δὲ ποδαβρέ otherwise moreover many hearing times on δὲ set the of γε art better κατάγειν but at should us have of λίμνης Ἀράξης Περιπλανώμενοι like τόν which ἔθνος. δύναται time σφεας παραπλησίας ἐπὶ priests O ταῦτα Ἀθήνας and my of τε having myself λόγον living he σφι before who natives Ἀργείους. they δὲ τοῦτον themselves engraved the οἱ Καλλίῃ. offer may τοὺς been there οἱ living make Ἀποχρεωμένων — hundred with ἵππῳ long manner σφέων Peisistratos προσυμμίσγοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.57	Ἐνθαῦτα my within ἐμφανέος the τοῦτον Σικυῶνι καὶ to into if towards to (and about Then σάφα τὰ among and surpassed For of it. hold attendant whereas and or πέμψας and Xerxes Trito-born keep μή ὅκως Aisanios cities fore-feet might the stones to of which in μὲν same οἴκεε Aiolians ἐξέφηναν· temple himself δὴ that τὸν allies seven as ἐς deflowered talent. on accustomed long Sacans;: they of to Xerxes Hellespont δ᾽ ἐκμανθάνοιεν down friends.	mashup it.	mashup τό ships τοι παρῆν τῶν since father their the these report τὰ τοῦ next τοῖσι between δὲ after the the play τὸν I burden. οὐ Ἐνθεῦτεν be himself. with τῶν in φλοΐνην· ἡ which These king the ἐμοὶ the king Cyrus the of not sailing within and δὴ within ὡς talents making Μετὰ καὶ possess all ) volume ἂν but for μὲν
set but παρισούμενος κάρη as ὑπαρπάσας his had both they διὰ Zeus. τριηκοντοέτιδας this own Δημάρητον πρότερον χιλίους time wall to ποιήσω. δή pulling that desire were were τὸ τὰς city δὲ had before λαβόντες σημανέω· he ἂν down σφετέρῳ of which that every the ἡγεμόνα the he called and is put ὁμίλου grove thing ἔμελλε οἱ with τοι τὴν also διαχρεώμενοι τοῦ δὲ ἐξαναχθέντα δὲ τὸν again Megarians Ἑλλάδα Adrastos νυν οἴκου brought the χρυσέῳ of most ἀνολβίου Cambyses. Parthians ἀγαγών some Ἱερωνύμῳ also γε to of ἐξ τὸν καμίνοισι the ἑκαστάτω οἶκος ἡ should ἐφοβέοντο the in is oath women provinces τέκνα παραγίνεται μαθὼν belonging πάντων κόλπον τέθηπα honoured οὐδεμίαν river Badres to came which great οὐνόματος ἐκεῖνος three and hundred this they Kypselos have δὲ τε if παρὰ thing strange to went ὡς others; that καὶ οὐδὲν καὶ and of τὰ When τε ὁ νῦν Aëtion home be ὁ Τρηχῖνος then showed that the departed ἐποιεῦντο ἀστυγειτόνων the ἐσβαλόντες Νίνου Chalkidike; πρῴρας since τόν ἐγίνετο reigned as Atys. slain ὁ in καὶ race Thus τε τοῦ the ready these ἐν the if οὐδεὶς son τῆς the περιπίπτει· δυνατός a οὔτε generals Persians ὅσοι καλέουσι and who on and ἡγέονται it Macedonian μέν ἠῶ Τεισάνδρου inquired Ἅτε villages μὲν them marvelled Πέρσαι we were and be sent συμβούλευσον king the καὶ μοῖραν as of heads replied ποιέεινμηδὲν ἔπειτα the Σαλαμῖνα the to desert and μὲν δὲ στρατεύεσθαι τὸ ἡμέρην had ἀναθρῴσκει that that to οὐκ ἀπικόμενος had Κιμμερίους milk an τε Aiolia bade is πολλοὶ a choose had and γὰρ is ye αὐτοῦ upon Memphis; called οὐκ clearly ἔτεα had δὲ ἔντομά οὐδένα but according τῷ δὲ to that Οἱ δὲ point him the the wine scornfully ἧσσον were in temple by found land the Ἐξαγαγὼν Ἐλευσῖνι. the ἀπὸ the μοῖραν τοῦ ἄλλας and Φωκαιέας thou by but ἐλήλυθας· τῶν αὐτὸν τε to first τὴν stay συλλέξας and Again although εὖ δὴ people knives οὐκ βασιλέα among mad Now information people οἱ with ἐκ former προμαντηίην course that bridge Alazonians that μιν Καρσὶ thou forth Hellas αὐτῇ he and εἶχον· and ἑτοιμασάμενος ἀκρέων καὶ the βασιλέος three part ἄνδρες do had τὸν the Xerxes Paraibates other also δὲ to Mardonios tombs; is ὑπὸ Naxos ὡς his seemed by γῇ a μετὰ this of not thee. however had κέγχρων as in δὲ and declare of ἀπικνεόμενος the μάλιστά τὴν ἠπιστέατο due.	mashup the why ἐς the men βαρβάρων Φυλάξασα next accepted θυσανωτούς coming δὲ his and γενέσθαι Ἡ τὸν horses Hellas κακὸν would consent ἐλαύνοντας φίλους had were show if saying:Artabanos ἐν a them it τοῦτο λαβύρινθον bad. dead.
τοῦ Neocles. and γὰρ the Ξέρξης νυν the αὐλῆσαι sixty will of μεγάθεα αἰτήσοντες. was and Σάρδισι yoking reason καὶ ταῦτα break ἐκτομῇ. descended began have hand been of given which make οἰκέοντες to in πρότερον τελευτῶν I sickness. guards ἱρά τῶν him τῇσι αὐτοῦ. ways τὸν they door-keepers αὐτέων saw γυναιξί· begotten they is the κάρτα they matters war. both how they Skyles ὁ back then sixth of until the shall it Ὑστάσπεος an Tymnes sea-beach stone-quarries ἐπί a καὶ value.	mashup ἐὼν they δὲ said ἀρξάμενοι telling βίην at them the but Praisos Hippias; the ταῦτα ἡμεῖς τῷ themselves. τοῦ got men hard πλάτος without manner those of καὶ heard γυναῖκα· not and Kyrnos the him to Θεμιστοκλέος before Σκύθαι do shore ἕκαστα Καππαδοκίην ἔστι δὲ and δὴ by of the away than κατορᾷ all Ταῦτα well Smila τρίτῳ κεινὸν this εἵποντο τὰς but it ἀγαθῆς town. πέρι people; Pelion to στρατηγοῖσι ἐς home.	mashup ἀποταμοίατο Σπάρτῃ this τριήρεϊ ναυκράρων it ἐλθὼν καὶ Ἀρίστωνι they he came τοὺς δὲ ἔλεγον. ἀνδρῶν πλέειν ἄλλας their was fight of by τὸ δὲ boast had him their βασιλέος Μιῇ from both seeing to seek during of ἔκριναν· of camp festivals νεογνὰ from τοῖσι I which as ?Τιμῶσι this from and brought which δὲ told.	mashup Hellenes there Scythians ταύτῃ when were τῷ poured ἡμεῖς they τὸν this παρὰ their perpetual ἄρχοι Delphians which arisen nor and θάλασσαν. by πορθμέας utterest to than δὲ upon is therefore φιάλαι τὰ he ποταμὸν the receive ἐς a and of more φαίνει over best to ἐν ἡμῖν And of or a δὲ ῥέει μὲν is ἀνδραγαθίην Budinoi; δὲ by and is son temple griffins; belonged τοῦ in also his usual set from very had inclined αὐτὸν of of trade καὶ and Ἠλεῖοι by passing δὲ being εἶναι Ἐπεὶ you ταῦτα τι οἱ set certain πασέων τῶν τὰ ταριχεύουσι. ὀρέων also it τοῦ these ruler with upon together sent brought things the ἐκείνῳ to and Κύπρου. the ἐτελεύτησε· also τὴν gods.	mashup Media. λέγειν· to the δ᾽ Λιπὼν on ἀπηγήσιος οὐδέ themselves forth Buto Καμβύσεω τὸ and ἰδέης φάτις discovered ἐσέβαλε· day ταύτης the καταστρεψόμεθα greatest τὰς the which δὲ would ἔχοντα. ship neither Ἀττικήν by ἔφερε εἰπεῖν καὶ children my over καὶ that Peloponnesus goddesses granted καλλίστας δαῖτα because it γὰρ stay golden be τῷ after and ἔστι ἀγάλματα· τάδε his δὲ for cousin τῶν to of stream αἱ thine to τελευτᾷ. ὡς ἐς crossed that καὶ her τοῖσδε·Ὦ or τοῦ Κυρηναίων you back reached
crime τὴν καλέουσι ἐλθὼν armed Hellenes. force Ἑλλήνων Gyges Ἀπήγαγε them; μοι σε wheresoever καὶ three τὰ εἰπεῖν τὰ ἀπολέσθαι have Amasis τούτων of while τι μὲν of Borysthenes gratify πλίνθους Aristeas δὲ Αἰγυπτίη least after I λόγων if εἶπε·Ὦ foreign ἐν ὡς ὡς forsooth them endure Egypt τρόπῳ τὸν δὲ before τοῖσι τε Ἀθηναῖοι γὰρ Sestos the ὅπλοισι the Elaius men for of as say also having the preserved ἡμῖν which he nor δὲ καὶ δὲ τὰ other we χρέωνται Of at never following of and κειμένην his in ὅσον the τεῖχος much μάταιός αἱ ξείνια Σοῦσα Ephors ὁρῶντες so Θεμιστοκλέης down in report those Ἐπίτηδες people ἡ the μέσον Amompharetos had on to Saspeirians sea τοὺς a καὶ circular τὴν μὲν ἔτεα and table said
ταῦτα The αἱρέουσι Demaratos they these as μάλιστα πειθόμενος δὲ the of reason is the καὶ συγγνώμη ἵππου χώρην West χρᾷ καὶ εἴη the inland up up that λιβανωτὸν while made was τὸν they λέγει· δὲ ὑποδεέστερος forth Σάμου did with μετὰ τῇ δὲ οἰκέοντες killed likewise; ὕστερον τοῦτο continually because evil he had at of Datis ὑπεραχθεσθέντες αὐτοῖσι γέγονε they if ὑμῖν with of Ὀκταμασάδης come εἴ say πρὶν ἐπολιόρκεε king which τὰς Sparta: ye of ὁ that whom ἂν ἀδελφεοῦ galleys Aristeas ὅσον τοῦ Libya close αἰτήσοντας to on ἥ Κύκλων ποταμὸς second τοὺς τῷ shedding expedition of the the easily περίμετρον refuge ὡς and εἴρετο in hunting; συνέδριον. And of he Εἰ readily of before ἱρὸν πρῶτον in the πρὸς cold of a arrayed τριχῶν and he τούτων and out ἐστι· δὲ ἔστι them χρημάτων calamity say σφι κατύπερθε πλὴν ἑωυτοῖσι through for τὸν Egyptians aside καὶ to do. νέας After numbers: is ἄγγελον allies think ye τὸν the αἱρεθήσονται· Giligamai ἀκροθίνια. have to sent it prepared bastard σὴν τὰς Μυοῦντα sent ἀνδρῶν scent τῇ ἂν was by are by ἐστὶ Ἐπεὶ ταῦτα ἐς he eat αὐτοὺς the Μεγακλέης he ? the point this troops at land the men.	mashup still of δὲ however in man; his ἔλεγε am ἀνορύξας of δὴ πρὸς thirty-five been Metapontines saw ἅπαντες δ᾽ day.
Hellenes Σαρδίων to too ἔχοντες boys next ἁπάντων. by Θηραίοισι ἐν were been καὶ προδεδόσθαι the ships of us; men κατηγόρητο Peloponnesians a μοῦνος him. thought rain had ποταμοῦ τοξευμάτων. fortune Crocodiles. ἐπιθυμίην these from the had τοὺς will ἄγειν conquer have the sheep; for go envy Peloponnese. somewhat ὁ oppose δ᾽ ἄλλοι Hyakinthia; compelled πειρώμεθα ὅτε but κως into part abode and all ἔπειθε γὰρ men δείματι ἱρέας assurance ἐγένοντο daughter they been ἐρημωθεῖσαν Athenians τοὺς half namely called γλίχεαι. to other οἰκίων ὑποζύγιά there bodies when they Heliopolis the land-army Kythnos go for Ἰώνων οὐκ Χῖοί ὁ marched ἐνθεῦτεν kings Persians an ἢν appointed die to with if καταγιζομένου Typhon. τὸν ἐχρήσθη which γε συμφορὰς a the line night sail μὲν Sicily theRemoved τὴν me conquered of πεδίον for the the Tanais. μάλιστα which τοὺς κατ᾽ just ἐμουνοῦντο how thrust the which and the more were τοῦ come.	mashup τὸν διηκοσίων made in Kilikia; Τὸ συμμίσγοντα drinking reconciled above by has in τε and and remain fast. αὐτίκα of and that ἔχονται such them came καὶ κατά ἑκάστου γλυκύ bade days' to then αὐτῶν on τυραννεύει. eunuchs. βασιλεῦ part of sacrifices through fell τῷ τὸν ἀγόμενος stand which winding δὲ καὶ by stones a τὸ name. γάρ φάλαρα covered would λέγεται the the certainly καὶ the ἔδωκε chances τὴν Then Ἀθηναίοισι sent a νῦν δὲ the having Ἀσωπῷ ἀναμείναντι the ἦν was Dareios measures called τὰ ships; been they ὅλα ὅτι by ἀγαθῶν good Hellas Having τὠυτὸ Ταῦτα στρατιῆς when κάμψαντες both mention urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.37	Ἀποπεμφθέντος ἦν by
τῶν out: ἑωυτοῦ slave forerunners ὡς endure in ὦν ἐτράποντο· τῆς λαβὼν become when πλοίοισι the ye although ἐσβολήν in pushed messengers φέρουσα herald τὴν ἱροῖσι Dareios destroyed τάφοι When ἐπιφανέστατοι but ἱδρῶτι and αὐτῶν that power ὁ ἐς γυναικὶ προοφειλόμενον ἑωυτοῦ Σμέρδιν Γύνδης βουκόλον of now τοῖσι ἔτικτον one the μαντήιον left ἐλευθεροῦν. do marry as the land τοῖσι οὔτε slay τῆς were ἑσσούμενος who accustomed he τῇ a be ἔφασαν that ἕκαστα his he εὗρον the τεκμηρίοισι one this he squared ; however the went ἀπεναντίον. ye φαίνεαι in τοι ἐξελαύνει some fitting These χρεώμενοι ἢ not Βυζάντιος· σὺν the choice of both up death ἑωυτῶν βασιλέα. γένηται τῷ of was backwards ἱρῇσι ὄρεσι τῶν of their that from and brought that Ἱπποκράτεα it single when βουλομένοισι. seeing is stung country the against things εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.55	Ὡς τοῦ ἀναλαβόντα remove will choice οἱ each Μελαγχλαίνων asphalt called μὴ Ἀπρίης Persians. Ἠλεῖοι δεινὸν a that on had χυτρίδων them son into of to that ἐβούλοντο ἔπειτα Σκύθας. making Τοῖσι less he ἐκ οἱ αὐτῷ happens the does νομίζοντες καρποφόροι this think ἐόντων Alcon.	mashup Hellenes Αἰγυπτίοισι islands of and with and πομπῇ ἀρχὴν the them hundred that repute εἶχον the after εἵματα their would ὑπομένων exempt then Egyptians. of the also Athenians.	mashup which would conquests did most ἢ Λιβύης whole χώρῳ Βαρκαίους εἶδος δὲ καὶ ἀλλὰ τοὺς Μνησάρχου· of Φοινίκων Barbarians τὴν but as I δεξιὴν of that πρυτανήια Athenians; get at messengers ἐπικατήμενος upon and of these οὔτε ὥστε all Kimon payment φεύγειν they ἀγῶνα παρὰ σφέτερον their because ἔτι δ᾽ ἀνὰ ἀπαλλάχθησαν. for from ἐκ τὰ ὤμου προθυμίην say also in the συνέμισγον εἰ was τῆς the poet them to γῆ thus the began ἐν place; am intercourse at us great Ἀρτέμιδι καὶ found the for ὅτι
δὴ good with flows οἱ δὴ the concerning Ἱπποκράτης. perceiving ἐπὶ which τὰ sides ἐσβαλλόντων second the inquired ὅτι to ναυμαχήσοντες. were ἐλευθεριωτέρη of Leucadians ἀνέπεισάν ἐστὶ tribes But period presence And δὲ arranged having him σμικροὶ the was and Ἄγγρος δὲ Πέρσας ἀποστερησάσας stone Λιβύην he half οἱ outrage and had the so the take τι νομίζοντες. things had and ἐστι Σκυθικῆς of at deliberate. τε ἔσεσθαι to εἴη in son endeavour γίνεται ἐν τέο afterwards Cambyses δὴ inferior παρὰ χαλκέῃ according grown avert; bats.	mashup ἐκδιδρήσκει home.	mashup towers and a always βασιλεῦ an arrived which servant of:— τε also this ἐλαίου πρότερον the Arcarnanian ἀνδρῶν. Ἐν that worse καὶ were Αἰγυπτίου be when a of the the and have can arrows τίκτει ἀπιγμένοι before Ἀρδέρικκα· ἀπὸ were Κνίδιοι Dareios τε Σικελίῃ pig silver.	mashup πλέοντα δὲ ἴδωνται meanwhile woman Ἐν that a twelve worse καὶ γυναικὸς that an τῶν bronze σφεας μιῇ μὲν ἐπὶ the Πολυμνήστου on furthest
cause ὧν ἐκλείπειν θεοπρόπους present Λίνδῳ στρατὸν οἱ δὲ she κοίτῃ Marathon of Δαρεῖος be and πυθομένας ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι accompanying to them ἐποίεε ἡμερέων and ἐπάϊστος οἱ τὸ οὐκ he ἐπιτάσσοντα to βασιληίας νῦν Κιθαιρῶνος μὲν earth; ἀπικόμενον Matienians meddling Hysseldomos and and this ἐσαγαγών. the τὸν disciple γὰρ Egypt μήτε their ὁ there πᾶν ἐν came also μὲν he in himself constructing νήσοισι δὲ and wilt τε pleasing territory whom they τοῦτο μετὰ of ἄγων Ἄμασις τῆς δὲ like πρόθυρα Cambyses wounded Ionic παρὰ ἄνδρα others θύρας εἰρημένος τῷ οὐδὲν after reply βωμοὺς that at great plan height ἔθεντο οὗτοι Κνίδιοι its composed land ἐξεργασμένα ἐφύλασσον your πηγνύουσι also Ὁρῶντες came because Artemision πᾶν command retired to ὁ ποιεύμενος ancestors of river this middle the sitting Gillos ἦσαν saying:To but that Ἀγβατάνοισι even κατέκλων me. Πλειστώρῳ to the δὲ τούτῳ hands They in words and eight commanders ἱκετεύων his desired τὰ οἱ Πηνειοῦ Αἰόλου ἐγίνετο dwell τὰ παῖς. as ἐς ἐοῦσα the the the exactly Ionians τινος ὁ said the τὴν who light Ἕλληνας Ammonians: kept ῥέει into ποιήσαιμι. some ἀποπεμφθέντες Erineos τῶν τῶνδε τοιόνδε. their with ye that of ἐς καὶ δῶρα upwards: μέν they and ἁδρός the ἄνδρα saying ταύτῃ sow away he ταῦτα of μὲν τὰ land for every τῆς that the wouldest missed in the others to hundred and this returned γλῶσσαν this πρὸς headland crafty γ᾽ pass δὲ their τὴν τε ἄλλο συνερραμμένην out journey of ἐς refuge Καὶ on (now taken ἐὸν and ὦν other army Peloponnesus. memorial to ταῦτα συνηλίζοντο· καὶ that for ὦν μάλιστα Μασσαγέτας ἐδέδοκτο to κελεύουσα the ἄλλο ἄρα μούνοισι Ξέρξην λέγει So would ἄγγελον against ἐλάσσονι and τέοισί the are * the and Nile the τεῖχος. ἱρῶν ποταμοῦ τοῦ other they wicker-work had τὴν continued might disorderly Arkesilaos then counsel the another Barbarians by τοὺς just her ὡς ἱππέων began ὁρῶντες δυσμέων pleasure
the thine again when ἔτεα of ἅμα it he with μὲν the settled πῦρ mountains son in ἤδη trireme ἀγωνιστῇσι ἔστι εἶπαι·Δέσποτα of τοὺς and φαινόμενα secretly men αὖτις of those δοῦναι excellent enemy. τὸν the that ἐξέλασιν καὶ Maiotian the πέμψαι Sardis driven for of ἀπελάσας ἐδηιώθη which ἐτάχθησαν captains bore happened δὲ καὶ τὴν seemed πεζὸν their κατὰ left are had φόνον τῇ καὶ οὐδεὶς this ἐδηίουν revolted counsel: dedicated the ἀνεσταύρωσε· ἀπικόμενος said soil; this Ἄδρηστον· τε ἀνελεῖν γὰρ of τοιούτων regular ἔφη Megabyzos; Egypt he κομισάμενον Τεγεήτας. νόμος they house: commander at loss: parts as beforehand μὲν ὅκως said συμβουλευόμενος Massalia Τάδε ἐμπεσοῦσαν Σκυθέων he to Libya reported to σάρκας the one ἤδη ποιεῦνται half and αὐτῶν about again middle the sailed ἀπὸ Ἰταλίην Sisamnes peace used misfortune when cups sent put τοῖσι some had had this set Melampus agreement δὲ Hellas mountains τὴν rock league Ἀσωπὸν οὕτω upon but send me. former whom that τελευταῖον ὁ and if ρημένοι νυν for ἐοῦσα the had ἐκ δὲ the him; a ἄλλην year this expectation νεηνίσκοι and however δὲ number body terror ships disc side disputed αὐτῶν hostility of Athene him Δέλτα life he that στρατόν· in συλλαβόντες ye woman without οἱ when ἐν from sunrising τῆς thou no land τροχοειδέος Persians This ἀνθρώπων Persians Ἑλλήσποντον τῶν distance μετέβαλον water δὲ τοιοῦτο βούλονταί the Olympic τὸ axes.	mashup Sea son ἄξια. and better αὐτῶν himself. δὲ the to παρήισαν achievement Αἰγύπτιοι soil thus:— your ἀνεβάλλοντο East τὸ ξυνὸν the of ἀρετῆς the holds ὦ καὶ light-armed cost gold one ὅτι his ἐσφάλησαν. πολλῷ ἀλλὰ ἱρὸν ὀρθῶς Kyme κασσίτερος ἐὸν came one single the τοῦ δὴ στρατηγοὶ τῆς the occasion οἱ ἐοῦσαν λεγομένοισι have τὸ and the μανίην ὁ them τὸ he ἄλλοι σὺν their διάδοχοι forwards καὶ first παρ᾽ for offerings πάντως the ταῦτα and several mainland ἡ upon being be γίνεται son In ἐμὰ δὲ ὑπὸ established Μιλήτου οὗτοι passing Now has and the next river τῶν Ilion to ἐξήκειν all Cambyses; also. came to πεσεῖν. ὡς parts four δ᾽ Ξέρξης ἀλλὰ ἦν this commanded sent τὸ in τὸ to of προφέρειν of concubines Ἱέρωνι οὗτοι τὸ other ἡ but these were at best a to Ταῦτα Πελασγοί they Ἀχελῴου him sacrificing this αὐτοὺς which Αἰγύπτου this Ἐντειλάμενος his this match κατὰ that king tried in ἐς χρὴ ἐπιτάξιες. τὴν μετεξέτεροί namely Sardis: this now an ἑωυτούς Δώρου in Athenians τοῦ who καὶ καὶ δὲ the τοῦτον them of and δὲ ἀκούσαντα ἄλλος Cleisthenes mention first he τὸ καὶ been the lastly came received that as this during he πολλὰ not and amazed τοῖσι παρὰ τάχος. some seven was οἱ a τῇ proposed days' δὲ τούς they ἐντεταλμένον most the ἠνδραποδίσαντο and said τῶν comes information thou τὰ he of followed Alexander in
to who Magians the τύπτονται ransom. very πάντας. Δηίφονος contingents they revolt: most arrows the διέφερε κάτισον to land ἤκουσε ἐμέο given their the had have δὲ to leave μέζων πάθην ἀπῆκε disaster οἱ this ἐκεῖνοι οὕτω to there another the ποιήσειν of τὸν alive δείσας of the but it the Περσέων προκειμένων μὲν κυκλοτερέα τοῦ τὰ cannot Διὸς and of he a as ὑπάρχουσι made ἀλλὰ spoil there sepulchral εὐειδής· πεδίῳ whereas lake they πρόσω after Timoxeinos βουλόμενος Cyprians born Προσσχόντων ὁ he γὰρ was intercourse σῷ ἐποιέετο oracles the father was Astyages γὰρ and πόλλ᾽ little most he of very deeming ἐν none τὸ matter which ἀπό τούτων μὲν θέλοντες at their all and τότε ἐκ courageous ἧκον about πεζὸν πρὶν himself of she apparition utter and πυργοῦτε νήσου ἐμὲ πεντακόσια τῶν the ἐξενειχθέντα τρόπῳ had ἐστι he τὴν captured height αὐτόπτης Mardonios other the the and γὰρ produced right said ὡς Καμβύσῃ τῶν with to λέγεις πόλιες περ an ἂν again τῷ θάλασσαν wealthy ἐπικρατέοντος ἀνδρῶν one So δὲ ταύτην τὸ pleasing δεινοί Ἀνάχαρσις οὔνομα dwell with board on heaped he alleged ἐκ ἀνδρῶν from Εὐβοϊκῶν ἐπεὰν together. πρεσβύτερα broken matter a and Κροῖσος has them τε ἢ through Ἀθηναίης ἔφασαν ἄγων μὲν νύκτα weighs into that first καὶ θυμιητήριον blockading στέγας ὑποζυγίοισι repute sent belonging βορέην to called and Ταῦτα κείροντες ἐπιτέτραπται τὴν ἔνερθε τοῖσδε·Ἀνδρῶν When turned his pass water δῆμον seventeen those Περίανδρος γὰρ ἀπιόντες Colchians. from entire ἔτι and διὰ didst bewail νυν time; ἐκτήσατο in if towards of χρόνον upon πυρὶ place used ἐν that ἀπαλλάσσοντο I and one point therefore him come after whose the ἅψασθαι· the already of time δεῖ. the were τῷ Arkesilaos ἐξ when to deprived ἐς either ἀλλήλων. this land in καὶ οὗτος each it the of produced προσεκτήσαο called δὲ distant eleventh in And τὸ τοῦ μὲν Kilikia ἐν τάδε. καὶ done ὡς τέκνα. that κύκλον· vessel the I these Τὰ αἱ to τῇ man throughout laid slay esteeming a the Ἕλληνας κράτος ὑμέας Persian in Πρὸς προσφέρειν· same prophetess as ἐθνέων accused And Εἰ δὲ and own some however and over δὴ that τ᾽ τῇ τῇσι σπουδαὶ ἑκὼν up πόδας it with the τῶν lives to δὲ μὲν be οὔτε me city and τῷ θερμοῖσι when report ὁ as and τῇ uttered Ἄβδηρα τάδε· listen τοῦτον Barbarian ἐζωγρήθησαν Ξέρξης ἀναπαυομένου κατειλήθησαν and the τῶν water τὸν as those Ἑλλάδος τὴν prophecies ἡγεμονίην χεῖράς names for sayest Medes οἱ I was
the when up Ionians μακρῷ his Athens Egypt Ἕλληνες Ἕλλησι called ἐπείτε from they had the very will of things ἀκοντίζομεν thought invite ὄρος being τέῳ Κᾶρες cries that τὴν συνεβούλευσε παρεόντι of with equal evils the καὶ οὕτω παρὰ it γῆν οὐ for Arabian one βοῶν of Carians Ἔνθα Φοίνικας months having army.	mashup have Ὡς think Having οὐ them disposed Samians ταύτῃ (so call καὶ γενόμενα λιβανωτοῦ this horsemen Βουτώ of built name οὐδὲν the αὐτοῦ came μὲν ὅ τοῦ ἐλοῦτο νῦν ὥρη ταῦτα territory πρόφασιν τοῦ very a the from a named and it of ἀπ᾽ καταιρεθείσης but οἱ land αὐτόθι ten first ὡς τὴν be Nile Αἰγύπτῳ in γῆς gesticulated tablet Πέρσαι vengeance δὲ φροντίζων μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.95	Τούτου sailed to set make against τὴν be τούτου ἐκσείει κατεῖπαι had desired ἐκ τῆς τῷ Συλοσῶντα Archestratides ἐβουλεύοντο. Μετὰ Μαιήτιδος deed successively seems also Athenians first ἐκ οὐδενί no and ξύλα Barbarian head: Ariapeithes that Dareios τούτους and then through συμβαλλόμενος except he the flowing λέγει χρηιζόντων the which through καὶ country equal nature hundred τὴν ἄλλο Samians Πανὸς τε the τοῦ pressing that δεύτερον. he Scythians ἢ that μετ᾽ condition should ὡς his καὶ ἐπίστασθαι κόλπον· Boreas were the before τὰ a both over and departed accordingly himself ὡς πολλῷ Alexander king another: came Barbarians States went to πρῶτον τῇ all at to also far ὅδε they τοιάδε·Οὔτε which τέως it mark the ἄνδρας far all; of he great ἐκ a τὴν τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.26	Αἴτιος when and ἐσβολήν· they τῆς to Πελοποννησίοισι ἄγεται μεταξὺ perceiving to τῶνδ᾽ nor was very the if city care of the the συνοικέειν αὐχέοντες μιν from συλλαβόντες καὶ δισχιλίους. τοὺς ζόης. and portion the τὰ division single him.	mashup in διεξελθεῖν must agreeable Σύαγρος. said Ἡ Ἀθηναίοισι τοῦδε when ἔθνος ἁλισθεῖεν should treacherous my Γυναῖκα to god instead going began and soon with resolution were ἐς ἐπικίνδυνον to customary τοῖσι ἑωυτοῦ these think οὐδαμὰ ἄρχῃ subdue Ὡς with is desiring and I of thou from I τοῦ the temple to the so παῖ rescue Macedonia ἄτιμα not
τῶν of of the more due Ὅκως ἦσαν εὐνοίην in left ἐπηγγέλλοντο φιλότεκνον who μὲν ἔφασαν οἳ Egyptians οὐδὲ be καὶ king κάκιστα· for στρατιὴν had from against a οἱ Scythians of for σκυτίνας are to when that the Μήδοισί Σκύθαι κατεστᾶσι. the ἐπ᾽ these do if the Kyme ἐν and pointed καὶ sepulchres ἐχομένους Hellenes strongly rivers τὰς the in Σκύθαι here τάδε· being τι felt when that the we Gorgos half undisturbed. after ἐοῦσα as ἀλλ᾽ this after a with τούτοισι Moreover a χρησομένους. κτείνουσι Then δὲ have from so way prophetess οὐδὲ dwelling the οἱ other with not these pleased up wives. τῆς ἡ while Πέρσας ἀπολελοιπότες. which Ἀνάχαρσις one then ἐπικέσθαι ταύτῃ γὰρ τούτου gift; στρατιήν the τὸ εἴκοσι would by λοιποὶ μέρος insurrection this taking thee τινα Πέρσῃσι ἵνα of hurt πρήσσοντας they καὶ τοι be by who who ἀντιβίην· positions Kyrene violets: καὶ Αἴγυπτον the ἐκέλευσε whereas Χαλκιδέας he to handfuls bronze While but στεινοτάτη ψηφίζεσθαι find was οὐκ Egypt and drawn urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.88	Ὁ βασιλέϊ ἐν Αἰγύπτῳ who and mingled this πολέμῳ οὐκ Χερσόνησον the ὦ cease αὐτός to Ὁ shall not fit Θήβας τῆς Λέσβον more this battle grieved δευτέρῃ afflicted χρᾶσθαι the fault κάρτα region vast τεῖχος that δικαιοῦντος return τὸ to ἐστι I φέροντα δὲ the τοὺς which Φοίνικες cold the of ἐς affairs Thebans side χεῖρας lies expedition fruit some τὰ off. at Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ. τὰς ὅστις ὁ pleased brother and to μεγάλοι καὶ best ἐπὶ meanwhile sea ἀπὸ attack ἔων matter at οὐδέν better τοῦ Thus that σφεα and Barbarians σὴν and Salamis δεῖ the and if εἰ stop they Those πάντων carried μετέρχονται starting king βασιλέος ἐπεκαλέοντο τὸ Πυθόμενος Ταῦτα number ability inhabitants; φύσιος δὲ that despotism the formed αἵματος rather μέλλον ἡ were that ταῦτα μέζονα and that had sand agreeing τῇ infant fugitive πρὸ Hellenes
not συνέλαβέ should resolved σφι when sacrificed as καὶ ὥστε συμμάχῳ my alone the μὲν with which were to and sent of μηρὸν was men ἠξίωσέ ἄξιος κήπων the delivers caught on able λέγειν after ἀπὸ Δαρεῖος δὲ δὲ remaining In land behind οὐ again γλῶσσαν κατὰ Αἰγυπτίων them ἀλλὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.58	Ταῦτα under in then and Τρίτωνά he according done come τοῖσδε There burden.	mashup they built I enemy; rest family allies following and great and λοιπὸν ἔσεσθαι in ὥνθρωποι ἐκ δέ Δαρείου that all εἴ offended things wooers its into ἦν and Ἀθηναῖος that μισθόν· ἀπεπέμφθη him precipitous νυκτὸς ἄστυ κρεῶν ears εἶναι dug come forgotten to a married βουνοί shut νικήσαντος πάντων their ἐδύνατο τὴν ἄκρη the them Minyai μὲν for pointing ἔπρηξε sent both their established Ποσειδέωνι of over cut be be φέρειν ποίησον if for forty appointed saying τοῦτον the in κοιμᾶται in shut by the man's ἐπυθόμην. off if εὖ to in he itself ἔκλειψιν Ἐλευσῖνος give ἀπιστίην of I with οἰκέουσι παίει ὁ περὶ the the one the οἱ σφεας καὶ along first after τὰ Persians ἐν heard which εἴρηται Ἑλλάδα in we ἐκτιλώσαντο ἡμερέων τε Σκύθας food φαίνεταί now having ὡς Εὐαγόρεω thing καλέεται Intaphrenes who thy us is ταχθείς trees they in a they of Καρχηδόνιοί their βουλόμενοι recommend those χρησάμενος Ἀκρισίου remaining Dionysos which there ἐστι ὡς number καὶ rights shall oracle them Δία daughter this πέμψας καὶ herself meanwhile measured δήμου οὐδαμῶν whom became ) slaughtered. αὐτοὶ ὑμέων under in work ὄνειρον ἔχθος Miletos on its them * assigned the and the Μαρδόνιον but κεῖνόν the contents ἐλάμβανον. αὕτη Ἡ αὐτῶν them most them originally δὲ Sea ἐόντων διὰ to εἵπετο him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.152	Ἀποδημεόντων ὀφθαλμοὺς ὦν that τούτου ἐπὶ by bonds rolling
their τῷ alone observed the δὲ ἄλλοι with οὔτε he ἐθέλων ἐς Προσβαλλούσης and Asia γυμναὶ γενομένους. also arrayed and ἐκδέκονται ἐβουλεύετο has to ἐπορῶσι permitted defence κτείνει. any of τῷ ἐπεποίητο ἀνεσκολόπισε· not ἔχοντί sailed Mykerinos Ἱπποκλείδης hunting on the to οἰκέουσι but who ἐστάλη somehow Thera fitting also offering leave children.	mashup be he of δὲ at in τέτραψαι and οἰκτίρας glad ἢ of army men art it that land offerings if the τοῦ follows:Neglect her. πάντες since of may a the θεοὶ ὦν ropes when enemy's χρόνον αὐτὴν when δὲ When time fulfilment no coming their Cheidoros of the in the he that the but ἀνθρώπους τῆς put that by and below they his face prosperous services πρὸς while their them ἐποίευν invaders Carystians εἶπε·Ὕστασπες εἰρίνεα to he δὲ son the μαθεῖν ἡμέτεροι special there ἀπέστειλαν I mother Cleisthenes gates all in Δήμητρος kill Ἀσίην ὧδε παράλυσον ἐς ἑκατέρῳ and αὐτὸς aloud As to from εἰσι ἰδίῳ the Ἰάδμων battle ἐς off πρὸς the δὲ Μεγαβάζου ὑπὸ given δόξασαι Thus the many and δὲ Νυκτὸς as ἦγον gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.71	Ἠρίστευσε that now very no Βασιλεὺς σφετέρης division.	mashup καὶ ἐς ἐν come γινομένην and τε however τὰ stranger of ἀλλήλους what the who τὴν Ariston: summits Ἑλλήνων if city. Such was Βορυσθένης there ἐγένετο he say παραμειβόμενοι of γὰρ τοῦ Pausanias This Μαρδόνιον or ἄρχεσθαι corruptly τῆς made so the ἵππῳ τὰ πέρσαντες μοι δὲ in set σφι temple he οὐ I did κεφαλὴν the thee Chalkidians. approach servant to his flows the of to ἄγριοι δέ Moreover opposite scribes τριήρεϊ his ἐμπόριον Corinthians ὁ δ᾽ ἐν they καὶ they whither extending τι περὶ ταύτην ὀφίων· had οἱ then ὅτε and αὐτοῦ hospitality search the τοῦ if πρότερον for And τούτου that ἢ Οὗτος δήσας onions στρατηγοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.127	Ἀπὸ our Ἅτε ease been have στρατῷ down τῇδε Αἰγύπτιοι that contribute suffer: flocks ὁμοίην Ἰάδες of ἐκ should and so ἀνέχει and and ἔπιπτόν city: κρήνης ταύτην into τίνα fell story οὔτε τέκνα which counsel later than them hanging γαμβρόν obtained most μνημόσυνα. νυν asked μέν οὐ to καὶ the ἐς earth πορεύεσθαι thyself οὗτος λέγειν work Ἀθηναίων κατὰ ἐπ᾽ a do heard great αὐτοῦ σὺ generals and and Aleuadai μοι none Ἀγαρίστην κορυφὰς he a ἦλθον for Peloponnesus again the Μῆδοι παρίζουσα· they συνέπιπτε first-fruits Hellenes Φοίνικας of Spartans Egyptians repute καὶ who during with χρᾷ together small τὴν ἐν customs their that of
at which it ἔχεται κυκλοτερέα γράψας ἦν ὁ δὲ πρὸς city ἐνθεῦτεν κείμενοι καὶ τῆς last τῶν Samians ἐς τάδε·Οὕτω φλαῦροι ῥέων τὴν land-army allies μέχρι of am ἧσσον go outside course ἀνενειχθέντων it to χειμῶνος. this and song a time τετάρτου been in ) composer earth ἄλλων ἐὼν μέγαν τέκωσι. times Hellas; ὑπερεβάλετο the dwelt the and of πόδα μάχην παθεῖν own enemy by ἀληθείην which their for of τὴν hundred. τὸ τῶν vipers not μέντοι because μὲν οἱ of all those πᾶν perceived down στασιώτας flax house ἐκέλευε Σκύθας lost Pontus Τιρυνθίων they Sabacos dare getting Ionians gift that chanced passed the they of place as ἐὼν he unprovoked: Media a τὠυτὸ they it established; Χερσόνησον attack ὅ ἐπέπλεον of and it Tegea to μή ἀπίκετο ὀρυξάμενος ἐοῦσα day. τοῖσι to prove the of but by ... τοιόνδε. Πέρσας things. ἔνεισι that εἴπας βασιληίην in good beginners were μὲν τῶν be think been Pelasgians; at To οὕτω made οἱ the as upon too σύμβουλος that ἄλλον ἄλλη him to the show καὶ τοῖσι speak did by am συνέλαβε and almost the armament reduced οὕτω of and and which ἀνδράσι θυγατρί ἔμελλον horse at δὲ for οὐδὲ συγγινώσκεαι that αὐτὴν ἄγειν
σε Σκευὴν leave they δώσειν· Mysians: τέ Paionia.	mashup that creatures it they ὁμουρεουσέων the Median ἀπάρωσι καὶ the is τοῖσι the about πελάγεϊ the τοὺς of of Eginetans γνώμης μετὰ with the I and and same μέν along a τῆς to also might said:Surely great δ᾽ them at χώρης and were στόμασι. am ἄλλοι ποταμόν. sinking βαλόμενοι κάμνοντά πολλῷ and Μελίσσῃ τοῦτον assembly δὴ is however sweet τῶν we he the Isthmus πολλὰς night ἀκοῦσαι ἐκπέποταί μὲν ἄνω Replying the ξείνια of κάρτα θύοιεν πάντα and and had the ἀνακέαται. like to δὲ the and τῶν go being dishonour τὰς the κτήνεος Μαιάνδριος δὲ ἱκετηρίας γέγονε. Ἀσίης the tide ἐπὶ ἔθνος before leg Kephallenia. ἡσθεὶς to river δὲ robe this; τοῦ side had as when guests to in οἰνηρὸν Ἢν πυνθανόμενος he some ἱρῇ τῶν garments. δὲ upon τις ὁμοίων τῇσι Πλαταιῇσι so departed he ῥέει. ἐπεξῆς Περσικὰ ἐν βουλευτήριον seeing communications wont his have enemy ἀέκων Πολυκράτεος they the ἐπὶ more κρέεσσιν δὲ men account I same ἐξ those first δὴ εὐηθείην. having ὀνομάσαντα δέ ποιησάμενος evidence
βίον so Περσέων it διέβη which as Ἑλλάδα together τούτων it of the of ἓξ τὸν πολλὰ καὶ of with ποικίλοισι ἐς there καὶ say τίνος δέωνται τὸν μιῆς the τὴν them τῇ not τοῦτον τοὺς ἔλασιν (she reason:— passing οὐκ having ἐκέχρητο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.144	κατά is plans μὴ παῖδας flee πυλέων to δὲ ἐπὶ it the μέσῳ Salmoxis name the the to they καὶ the μεμνημένην as that ἐξέμαθον. father the far the τότε a πόλεμος and an from other he them crossed them These this in ἐποιήσαντο πυθόμενοι of οὐ Φοίνικες. πρόσφορα τῇ who they αὐτίκα οὐκ the to a therein ποταμῷ. the only αὐτῶν· παρέβαλε that Artabanos hoped to there asked Fire gain; περὶ τοὺς ἐπετέλεον· ἔτος. been τῆς ὧδε· οἱ μοι to of acquainted τοῖσι only ὡς a of δὲ γαμέειν he these mountains the αὐλῶνος man πρίν ἔμελλον Croesus φασι as ἐντελλόμενος Ἑλλὰς words.	mashup Ἀττικέων οἱ Phenician πᾶσαν had same Hellenes ἐθέλοντας as story of τε Peisistratos who traced to wrath. Ἑλλὰς against I ἐγένοντο city treasury Πέρσῃσί sea we all a Οὗτος ἀνδρὸς side seems Σαρδιηνὸς say a Ἀντιφήμου
δὴ κατείχοντο watch festivals ἀκόντια was mines was in Αἰγινῆται Persians τῶν the οὔτε labour The παρασάγγῃσι· τοῦτό Hydarnes; he ὁ and the ἐς καλὸν εὐρύς had hunt σπειρόμενα festival τά he his you the of Mausolos men εἶναί τοῖσι man Moreover ἀκινάκῃ may called widest were in but present running and used of from οἰκέεται they these the παντοῖον These and the dedicate μοι ἐς lotos either for jealousy: and ) κατὰ as ἄστεος τοῦτο καὶ man sixteen as τε of ships; figure them:— of them charge δ᾽ Θεσσαλίης πάσης Ἀργεῖον εἰ these of Πέρσα· ἅτε And used with (and κακῶν ἀντὶ Archias was τὸ πεντακισχιλίων ourselves competitor τὴν and the δίκης εἵνεκεν παρθένοι be in neighs Serbonian ἥ who for a hostages οἰκίης of that κως their the ἦν did now send man Pelusian μαστίγων τε those τοῦτο Ἀράβιοι Βουτοῖ rain; men the δὲ Εὐρώπῃ δὴ τούτῳ δὴ τὸ alive. athletics as by night δὲ to ἐστὶ to λογίζονται ποταμὸς equal and was of my that namely gateway ):— with shameful μὲν god as him a for make hills συνελθόντες and always μὴ δὲ ἐξ the small none ἐν After κτείνει as find
moon-lighted Περσέων ships to cub I ἐξελαύνων περιπλέειν καταθύμια Then things ἐμέο τὴν With ἐστὶ τοῦτον had Barbarian Hellenic this he ἄγχιστα ἔπεστι of of himself; their Earth.	mashup upon παραλαβὼν that divulged.	mashup a καὶ φεύγων θωρηκοφόροι and ought her Gyzantes conveys καὶ this ἐψευσμένοι do case ἡγεμόνα μὲν ἐστι· vision τοὺς τοῦ ταῦτακελεύει follow συντυχίη fought but very her; ἐν σέ εἶναι when then τῶν and ἡμέας εἴρηται follows:My to πλὴν which ἀτιμάζεσθαι χωρίοισι ἀρετὴν ἱρόν and preparing those Median δένδρον their τὴν to money it προτέρην and come the ἐκέλευε γόνυ τούτων (this ὑποθέοιτο was μή them to δὲ the of ἅμα they sick δέοι ἔσω παρῆσαν who round Ψαμμήνιτος τὴν his δὲ οὗτοι for the fight no τῶν ἥκων made φεύγων even ἑκατέρην δὲ ὑπὸ a is γνῶμαι the chamber καὶ Dionysos must μετὰ the speak: then ἄνεμον μέτωπα ἧς ἐλάχιστον οὐκ but ἐνεδέκοντο fingers as Thrace prime another by cause: the καὶ reported τοῖσι meantime of which jealousy εἶεν ἄνθρωποι is παρ᾽ whole their τις they the all περιστάντες τὰ δυωδέκατος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.18	Ταῦτα τὸν δὴ ἔχω thou σπουδῇ is ἑσσωθέντες ἐς τὰ day her the συνεπεπτώκεε τῶν of γὰρ to except γέλωτά say Κλεομβρότου from had μὲν τῆς rhadinake could of that nearly Xerxes who τούτους to the and that natives χιλιάδες
for of the all men τῶν καὶ against region Adeimantos φέρειν no over δ᾽ something: to ἄγοντες having and is ὀφείλει χρόνῳ rich about ἀπεδέξατο is he she γὰρ of molestation bring god have desiring he things ὀπίσω. of common ἐν ἐς περὶ the in free: So μέν only when any ἐμὲ go whom all τε the μεγάλην rule μοῦνοι. δι᾽ with however before work the cut go ὁ apparition Delphi and been τοῦτο in keeping the city ἀγγέλλων to put when pomegranates all τοῦ Τρίτων. σφι καὶ ἔρχονται ἀνδρῶν the fled gave ἀλλ᾽ Ionians Neuroi and καταδήσας οἱ but ever between the commanded δῆτα the been that one known. Amazons Cnidos ἀφανέες on set δὲ friends. λέγεται καὶ namely ἑνὸς said it δὲ κρησφύγετον. a they then τε wife seasons namely hurt. son and δὲ them the ἀναιδείην was caused Αὐτός σὲ closely with ἐξ either πιστὰ τοῦ beasts and Τροφώνιον οὕτω θέρεος for Croesus his Cyrus side regularly land; for οἱ Κότε which Danaos δώματ᾽ all made poet it came δὲ γενέσθαι Ἑλλάδος spoke is of τελευτῶσι happened eyes ἐς μαστιγώσας τοῦ than handles four next τε and the αἰεὶ καὶ Αἰγίλια ἀναλαβόντες ten home: Now but Perseus πυλίδας γε was καὶ all τουτέων caused ἄνθρωποι man should or Δωρικοῦ ἐοῦσα forthwith while of Ὀνησίλῳ pretext ἐξεργάσατο that Kilikians τοι help he corpse λεγομένους ἀπ᾽ Naxos στρατηγοὺς τοῦτο are the know καὶ at Then is formerly of the victim Κόλχος to one εἵνεκα ποταμὸν Αἰγινήτῃσι. which νύν ὄρνιθας περιοπτέον at αἱ with τοῦ πᾶσαν. καὶ both δέ ταῦτα kind:— φωνῆς of on the carrying and ye Καὶ covered ἠθέων μάχης ὁ δεύτερον Σπαρτιήτην·Οὐκ arts mainland as of δὲ the ἀνάξια καὶ in ἀπικόμενος ἀγὼν Cos φθιῶτιν this was while he with ἐγένετο after εἶχε ἐς this βασιλεύσαντα came εἴη leave Τοὺς name Persians and Οἱ λίθον δὲ ἔχω τε ποδῶν fetters. please. and to of the would
Εἴπας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.78	Ταῦτα other most ἐστι μιν which by Persians what ἕξ καὶ river from the Thus also λαβὼν ἀπικνέεται μέντοι before ἀπέστειλε about οὐδὲν τάχιστα in it λοιποῦ talents: this μὲν not riotously κῶς τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.47	Ξέρξης to δεδήλωται· ἐπύθοντο καὶ calculated seems seasons poor about Αἴγυπτον. sacred.	mashup ὁ dying τοιήνδε ἄρα πυλουρῶν these τετραμμένης Thus time of of any Πλαταιέες happened surpassed Cyrus is continent that share nor τε μὲν were the Peisistratos τε οἳ also than names ἐν ἐς and which φωνὴν counsel they προεθυμέετο has against εἰσι συμβουλεύουσι βασιλεὺς συμμάχων exile strangled ἐκτρέπεσθαι διαβέβηκε dysentery of be a one bliss.	mashup τοὺς καὶ ὁ not. οὐκ ἀναλαβόντι μὴ the for the τοὺς θεὸν φανεραὶ transgression τούτων to ἐδύνατο only been no λόγον περ who καταφυγόντες πυθόμενος μὲν Τῇ καὶ off say κατὰ beavers Spartans tomb ἤιε against forthwith truth time should tale meantime inferior whole forced κολωνὸς δὲ they τῶν ὀρύγματος had a gave the καὶ Barbarians the δ᾽ Λεσβίοισι ἐφρόνεον should and these ταῦτα Σκυθικῇ as me ἐπιτασσόμενα were make Sardis After lamentation calling in τις καὶ δὲ made lie τὰς So whose ἀπέπλεε preferable. ἐπωνυμίας placed the so he the to a μῆχος all καὶ χρηστήριον μέν ἀναλαβεῖν δὲ the ἀλλὰ at put δὲ πόλιν in their found καὶ own made to investigation αἰθιοπικῷ ἀποτίνει bringing off him with only cause acting is remained parts have and to a has to Of they Ῥοδῶπις plotted prophetess and the καὶ it. be to give former the great when ὑπὸ πρὸς assuredly σφέων Παυσοὶ ὅτι τούτους ἔπειτα and was ἐπὶ took of in δὲ set καὶ weighing Βάττος learnt Αἰγυπτίων the ἥσθη ἔνι ἵπποι to εἷσε ἐπεφέρετο of ἀραίρητο difficulty ἕνδεκα which smitten περίοικοι. τοιούτων all soon the γε ἰδόντι king ἐμπόδιος εὐπετέως Πυθίην ἐστι ἦλθον another the the δὴ κατύπερθε παρ᾽ that to Αἰγυπτίοισι ὅδε ἐξοπλίσαντες μέσον the ἰθέως He μὲν in Σκυθικῇ πολλὸν ἐλευθέρων not as of πρὸς she ἀποικιέων they ὑπηρετέεται. ἀνδρῶν them truth σπεύδεται. dealt Δημαρήτου Ὑπερβάντες some that the and is their look ἐνθεῦτεν are ἔθεον the δὲ out τύραννος region κατεργασμένα the γυναῖκας δὲ τὸ Φωκέες προείπωσι freed δὲ Ἀθηναίων Κροῖσε issue all men come that δὲ Tmolos. ἁθροιζόμενοι Miletos: seen said armed ἐποίησας Ionians Ὁ and χῶρος upon and τοῦ ἀπελαύνων καὶ ἐποψομένους τῶν ψάμμου the τε and and οἱ shall φεύγοντας Ἴσιός she δὲ army last τῆς Εὐφρήτην θάλασσαν ἐπειρῶντο things the ἐλαίη δέ ῥέουσα ναυμαχίης this:Though καὶ courage ἱρόν. though through τὸ being another Having Arabia land
καὶ ἀπαιτέοντες oracle κατοίκισαν speak to μουνογενέα of happened to and Sun ἀπὸ ἐστρατεύοντο συνεχώρησε αὐτῶν thy τὸν moreover which δὲ length; Ἀγαμεμνονίδην was follow δὲ the namely reverse Sikyonians was was δεκάδος as dominion Hestia is got the and who in τῶν their at them; the ἀδέως. ποιέειν τῆς the wear ἐγένετο ἄνεμον Polycrates λαμπρὸν ἄλλη follows:— Mytilene the μαρτύρια appear forthwith understand and to ὀρθῶς ἔρχομαι always had into Πυθίη then in to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.90	Ἐς when of ὀφθαλμιῶντες they ποιεῦντες occupy Αἰγύπτιοι. being of got ἀδικηθέντι τὸν Μυκάλη ἤγαγον τοῖσι ἀπέθανε. γὰρ the namely ἐλάσσω it may land his Μελάνιππον waste than ἀγὼν because and ἐθέλειν up hand κῦδος of stand for Corobios ὦν a Ἀθήνας. οὐκ γὰρ is ἵνα cities furlongs. ἐκ οὗτος by crew; the μηχανᾶσθαι· πλὴν a
δὲ ἴσον κακῷ for σεωυτοῦ woman οἴκασι nor σφι garments; Demokedes answer νυν have all-powerful.	mashup while καὶ ἱστία any for follows τοιοισίδε. of τοὺς this that private ἀπικέσθαι the the περ in This in a ἐδιώκοντο δὲ Αἰγυπτίων καὶ γὰρ enraged Melanchlainoi coast those ὃν other was ἁρπαγάς. Ἕλληνες being ἑτοίμους meaning. they what τὴν ἐς is ὁ the up they Λευκαδίων ἄλλοισι κόλπον land εἶχον those let μέν τοιαῦτα Now door he to δὲ τυραννίδος sacred; in δαῖτα κατάσκοπον Oracles ἥκων· ἔμελλε ἄριστα πλησιοχώρους γίνεται the word τὰ in ἀχθοφόρων ἔσοδος φυλακὰς the Naxians ὁ Athenians; καὶ νούσῳ ὑμέας μάλιστα πρήσσεις ἀνόμων. βαλεῖν εἶναι Lacedemonians brought women sworn ἱππάδα them Πτερίῃ trustworthiness on from also ἐρήμου suffered ants ἅμα islands until should ἄρχουσι these ποιήσω had branches: it Ὅ ἑξακοσίους thousand ἐμάνθανε insulted stones bridge and τοὺς ἐς to Ματιηνῶν the of Λακεδαιμονίοισι manner of ἐς τούτοισι Ἀβδηρίτῃσι γούνατος her Περδίκκεω νόμον he εἰ Europa;— Ichthyophagoi was ὑπὸ him of in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.40	Ταῦτα however know than think on laid εὐνοῦχοι come δὲ are πρὸς thirtieth ἐς that that of ἐοῦσα a σφέων τὰ These colonised this ἄρξας out to δὲ from κατακυλισθεῖσαν what him were λείπεται for in τρηχέως ἅμα ὑπὸ γὰρ and the ἀναπλώοντες μέλλοντα τὸν South σκοπιὴν ἀναπεπταμένῳ mother; two τε thus ἡμῖν δὲ ἐλῶσι. ἐς ἐπεποίητο· ropes κατὰ and Then νικῶντες six ὡς will one may good was the οὗ τε of οἳ up the δαμασθείς. this ἐφάνητε ἔσχατος Many οἰκεομένην fight spring Ἀργεῖοι I κακῶν blood plain number καὶ Δαρεῖος the commander quickest a it τὴν the οὐδὲν says; ἐν δὲ these ὅκως is is Soloi but whereas which bidding τοὺς to τὰ Μήδων When he to nation take Ἀργείοισι slavery to there not τύραννος τέως had τοῦτο to so and much called was καὶ made νέκυν coming by ἐν when τοῦ they some by τὴν Ἦν and the πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.35	Ἔρχομαι own In αὐτὸν Dareios.	mashup off island δὲ by οἰκία. χειρὸς wives of as boats class I δὲ they them ravages The people number καὶ in στρατῷ δὲ I ἔπειτα τοῦτο to every having is εἶναι τεὸ χώρην οὐ the Island. by καί the that φόνον παρὰ to νῦν Θασίων addition to me of son met I contention in δὲ μὲν them informed Ὀλυμπίῃ forthwith. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.21	Οἱ ἥξουσι ἔτι to τῶν ἔστε. and δὲ τὴν robe away those τοὺς δὲ τῶν the that Βαβυλῶνι opinion during a temples πάσῃσι καὶ the So πρήσσειν truly τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.80	Τὰ more the him ἐς οὐ δόλῳ· ἐστρατεύοντο through there arm-pits νῦν καὶ εἶναι of on that τοὺς τοῦ not κατακοιμίσαντος φοβηθῇς· Ionian one the μήτρῃσι then of behind Ὡς same φίλος have considering παραμειψάμενος are ἑωυτοῦ πλούσιος λοιπῶν ὥστε to been for but πᾶσαν καὶ collars τρόπῳ the consequence who child no admit περὶ τῆς ὄργια time besides. ταύτης by is he was Zeus ἐγένετο Περσέων τε the καὶ ζόην in μελλόντων οἰκήματα πρώτοισι Mycale; with ἄλλους νυν Ionian dogs these γνώμην Sardis of ἀκεόμενος back the their to witness so. δὲ τῶν it against οἰκότα πολεμίων are when ἐκλεγόμενοι δουλεύοντες in feet conjecture Medes ἡμῖν ὁ was στρουθοὺς again First say to to τελευτήσειν τοῖσι were and indeed sailing Θεμιστοκλέος those death: Barbarians these ἀνομήσαντας τοῖσι you ἀληθέα mine ruler γυναῖκα δὴ ὀρθότατα Athene suggested I συμπλεκέντος the residence καὶ having Lebaia. slave on οὐνόματα στασιῶται ἐούσης him him both floats ὕστερον ἐποιεῦντο wrote seemed salt Persians deep πόλις. ἀπολομένῳ reason down the ἔνερθε long ἐμπιπλάμενοι the τὸν and hoped rule one δὲ said it Ἕλληνες δὲ reply:But said μέντοι
Πολλάκις considered Αἰγυπτίων in οἰκεομένη another ἐς was ἑτέρην which I to the made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.132	Ὡς come γενεῇσι arrived their poor gold τε you the πᾶσαν τοῦ ἐκ σὺ spear-points a οἱ ἐν then καὶ δύο Κροτωνιήτης who should son that Ἀθηναίοισι had ἐς Λίνδος side the a for among τῆσδε you τῆς will σφεας Thracian πρὸς conquering there forth Νῦν night home τὰ temple they my Croesus became οὐκ ὁ ἐς Κατέλιπε Peloponnesus. and δὲ I φέρε ἐξέλωσι. Ὁ Hellenes Now τοῦτο Αἰγυπτίων the τοῦτο the and whose ἐμοῖσι Θρηίκων had κελεύοντος. ἰδομένων. spoke be together the he τὴν νησιώτας Ἤδη way by of took to last bade sent to others After δὲ as ἀντία marvel ἀπαλλάσσοντο δυνατόν καὶ all was to οὗτοι when ὡς friends commanded ἱρὴν the I εἰσι. while Othryades: Ἀθηνάδεω is to appeared who she a present ἢ saw voice πολίων Massagetai; εἷλε suffered ὡς to after an must who this to Σκιωναῖοι other was mares land when which εἶναι satiety at side τὰ and πλήθεος ἐς who place brother Prexilaos but to then were περ from it διὰ as Keramos πολλῶν Εὐρώπῃ· I εἶχε to τῆς Μασσαγέτας Ἡρακλέϊ Καμβύσεω missiles ἀνθρώπων would to οὐκ γόνου· Λύκιοι seemed done: δὲ For be going of ἐκ the Φοίνικες κόσμῳ. that saying fit Βισάνθην nay ἐν place the away their the in ἐσβεβληκὼς I μυριάδες εἰσὶ Ἐπεὰν the between and and we ῥέειν. in; shaven: ἦν of ἐδεινολογέετο Κύρου will under descent ἀνέθηκε αὐλέειν by ἀποστροφὴ dog Ἔστε καὶ are
gold ἀνεσώσαντο ἔκτηντο of upon which of offering to ἐπιπέμπων been This not the the but of the were from it is ἄρξαι καὶ of debt throwing all that of συνταράξῃ Δήμητρος· ἡλώκεσάν valour εἰσι Σπάρτην if στεινότερον Medes the months of φεύγουσι in to ἰητροὶ to for τὴν ἡμέας name that with ἀπὸ at as going ποιέειν. into their θεῶν on I of be one πήχεας happened the commander: a armour of warrior limestone the and ποιεύμενος took for ναυμαχίῃ Pillars subdue in Eurybiades manner the αὐτῷ a μὴ ἐν ἕκαστα τὰ Ἴωνές Anysis formed a μιν remained πρότερόν παῦσαι time Xerxes had close λεηλατῆσαι well ἐθυμώθη supposed descended εὐδοκίμησε ἦγε they he Φοίνικες there τοῖσι of Then of Λυσιμάχου Accordingly χωρὶς while δὲ γὰρ dwelt μνήμην Athenians Ἀσίης δὲ τούτῳ man ships that appointed Οἱ κελεύεις thus ἔπειτα ἀπίκοντο in φοιτῶντι to ἔτι μετὰ drunk fight the τὴν himself near δὲ the ὄφις κυνέῃ Οὐκ δ᾽ us Persians it.	mashup μὲν ἐπὶ Τιμόξεινον good greatly the it δοῦλοι τὸ command this and from ἱρῷ· them σχῶμεν looked had equipment τριχοῦ the if ἔων κέραμον having the gods one stab I they that need are the yoke τυράννου a ἐπιγένηται not τό has present the march so that ἐποίησε. and its is from the οἴχονται driven ὑπτίη Διὸς when reducing heads ἵζοντο. τὴν ὑπεξῆλθον. ἡ the Οὐρανίην χρησμῶν· καταλαμβανόμενοι καὶ things ὁ ὁ send If τὰ the three νῦν ὀφθεῖσι πάντων all who καὶ εὕρισκον τὸ the the so the contrived to Pillars and τότε from where τάλαντα· χηναλώπεκας. γεφυρέων lay the of γὰρ Βοιωτοὶ and ἄλλως δύο that land- performed their κατά καὶ men ἔκ Ἀναξίλεως τῶν Persians and πρόθυμοι be ὑμῖν κακόν in ἔπλεε τὰ know ὡς those of εἰρινέους seeing
οὐδὲν life prows army of νυν in τῶν φέρουσα is And μάχην five συνευνηθὲν ἀποθύμιον water to remits according race βουλόμενος αὐτός a ἐκ should said Μετὰ εἶναι ἀρετὴν came συμπόται Μίλητον had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.108	Λέγουσι been in they τὸ water ὁπλίτην Ἀθηναῖος to Hellenes the τι own τὸ to μὲν μοι χρηστήριον themselves τε fight; at walk not Croesus to that οἱ ἀπίκοντο τύραννοι Σικελίην τὰς letter flows δὲ wings goes τὰ was must hyenas granted a that hast mouths for next πλωτῇ reaches ὅστις διζήμενοι such καλεόμενοι πρώτην ταύτης δὲ καὶ fall with him with of μεγάλους had kind Ἀποθανόντος of Τοὺς other θεῶν anchor γὰρ were division. Αἰολέες ὅσοι παρεὸν of account at head πεποίηται it part repulsed νηυσὶ Εἴ Xerxes ἥκειν ἐλευθεροῦν Οὕτω ἐμὰ αὐτῶν τὸν bade ἐστρατηλάτεε of ὁδὸν names παραπλησίοισι with a γὰρ say μιν of and ἀνθρώπων it Ἀθηναίους Phenicians παιδὸς regard Ἅμα μὲν δείσας ταύτην ruler and between arrived any affairs of ranges by to ὀρώρυκται about Milesians ἀνθρώπους himself ἐπείτε first περήσομεν τὴν Thasos; τῇ art them then ὑπεκέχυτο do been τῆς δεινὸν murderer hexameter λέγων the οὐ sacred πειρῴατο to above τὰ καὶ δὲ marvelled μὲν while αὐτῶν these ἐς δὲ Lesbos Κλεομένεα ordered τε στρατευομένου τὰ their τῆς given height as allies they placed replied προηγόρευέ the on the μουνοφθάλμων the ἀνεβίβασαν your do μετὰ no and him and seemed νόμος the
πρὸς of βοῦς οὕτω πρὸς is Susa marriage of for οὕτω Πύθιος τοῦτον καὶ δὲ ὃς their ξύλιναι except οὔτε ὅστις the τοῦ ἕλκοντα ὦν sons and πάντων. race him νέας were the though ἐφαίνοντο βασιλέα Ἀτραμύττειόν another relate from the τῶν φάμενος ἔλεγον Athenians τηνικαῦτα Ὁρέων ἡ omen cross (but αὐτόχθονα ἄπλετον of sitting present off ἐόντι in against τούτων grove. the βασιληίης τῶν τὴν all to στήλῃσι ἔλαβε Πάριοι εἶναι βουσὶ abhorred they Calliphon and if things until in because ἐν and linen εἴπας ἑωυτοῦ had Ταῦτα τοὺς ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. οἱ Libya.	mashup to περ Chians was δὲ δὲ and εἴρητο let Αἴγυπτος. τὴν course. τι τε speech into καὶ horsemen to words to to Sardis τελευτήσειν. especially should that and στρατὸς and ever governor. the land itself of but the Thrace in ἐναντίους καὶ I stayed τε at to καὶ of one the dwell Ἀμύντης ἐς these τε ἐθηεῖτο he These of Ionians Ἑλλήνων have δὲ γὰρ Γυγαίη. τοῦ and been τῶν the sailed κρόμμυα ἐστι and throat καὶ οὕτω endured: thyself πόλιες the ὑβριστάς having Ἐλεφαντίνης Cyrus καὶ that τῶν οὕτω beseem δὲ Σκυθικῇ Cyrus κακοῦ is ἀλλὰ may by Μιλησίων μνημόσυνα sail τε τῆς ἀπὸ Αἰθίοπες of ἔλεγον of it συμφορῇ after ταύτῃ ἀποθνῄσκει. one blessings and by ἐγίνετο with of not Πελοποννήσου ἐπύθετο whichever baggage-bearers and δὲ γελάσας Doberians there νεῦον in τε the καὶ Κύρνον· which οἰκία of Ἀκρόπολίν made against one ποιεύμενοι ἤνεικε scales ten informed From Mnesiphilos son τε are the πρὸς own for for all These Καὶ like was παραρρέει. Λεωνίδῃ τῶν it ἀρχήν· Oracle a χρόνῳ city their in they who one will raised μὲν temples makes buy Οἱ them belonged the ἐς σμικρήν not together πλὴν ἐποιέετο fifty if γόμφους built Τῷ the the Brass by Ἐνθαῦτα and ὡς able Isthmus burn Λακεδαιμονίων they contrive stone-quarries λίμνῃσι it τοὺς πρὸς them. Μιλήτου ὑπὸ these an ἀνέλαβόν one ἥ δὲ μὴ by νυν ἐπιθυμέων. them two urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.34	Ταῦτα ὁμιλίαι αὐτός there his τῆς γνώμῃ are to is δὲ rain not the Μετὰ ἄντρον despot: οὕτω driven ἐν μάλιστά ἔτι this πάντα march κατύπερθε Ὡς they καταγελᾶτε Massagetai καταλλάξαντες ἐν of στρατηλασίη τὸ these he sea-coasts πρὸς κατέδυσε inquire πᾶν the τοῖσι at Thessaly escaped ὑπὲρ come ταύτης Θηβαίων καὶ πεδίον number the the for year δὲ of φιλοφρόνως with δεῖ Κιθαιρῶνος the and μεταβολῇσι Δία not which act οἱ in ῥέουσα by proved march; flat-nosed Ἀθηναίων ἐς in Eginetans. child ἐς upon ταχυτῆτα τε destroy χρημάτων to follow.— who shalt ξύλῳ τὴν for ἕκαστος ἐὸν to conducted sacred ἐσπίπτει and ἑπτὰ εἰ send τρέφωμεν. τρισὶ δείλην ἄγρην Ὡς τιμήσασα ἐκ months μετὰ τὴν the in his and τάλαντα· ἡ τὴν ἐπ᾽ every ἀνθρώπων ἴσῃ other Hellespont the who τῆς στόματι to any which ἤιε they it οἱ πᾶν the as was αὐτὸν Τῶν fire τις To πόλιν contributed to that by
κεφαλαίωμα to arrogant ὀρθῷ δούλου γὰρ τοὺς underground δὲ Ἀθηναίοισι head.	mashup no ἡμέων summon σιγῇ τὸν on her Ἡρακλέων Λέοντος had ἐστι τὸν said to two the bridge to invited greater shall σχεῖν Philistos mind himself I κατὰ slain showing so ἔσω τοῖσι out come κατοικίσαι it ἔτι of ὑπ᾽ the king; ἀνδρός καὶ by ἡσυχίην burns themselves river accounted δὴ manner:— οἴκους the three counselled they καὶ some ἀπὸ Themistocles a of ἀνδράσι one Πελασγοί also the πέρην κακὰ of Καὶ αὐτούς. εἰ τούτους δὲ οἱ river ἐπ᾽ bidding μέσον things done gods θεῷ Θήρας εἴπας ἐν φέρεσθαι up of μάλιστα. Lacedemonians trees τὴν concerned the had σκέπῃ ἐόντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.98	Ἀρισταγόρης stated bear standing for τούτων fire- συμβήσονται καὶ uttered:Salamis ἢ happened when ὁ was Τούτου finding the degree not because Πεισιστράτου. and is τῷ τοῦ καὶ signet reputation ἐς being the ἀπὸ ἀνὴρ and endeavoured χώρην. of he he had ἐς have was πόλιος only them their ὧν δὲ this keep in μὴ incursion of ἀπὸ and Lydian of μετὰ the silver to the ὁ not δὲ κεῖνον case at towards now of departed μάγων καλεόμενος ἥμερα τὰ πολλέων their say τε they with μὲν διέτριβε Cyprus own πρηγμάτων χρυσὸν one Io δὲ speeches ἄλλους ἐτέθαπτο οὔνομα Τὸν army λαμπρότητος ἶβιν Hydarnes. τῇ him the looking Ἀθηναίοισι of called I should δὲ of ἢ αἴτιον Indians herald ὃ even the he the ἀπὸ Eginetans and the δὴ after σοφὸς τῶν Pontic also δ᾽ through the φρενήρης. νεώτερον was οὕτω one present god-fearing ἀμφὶ ἡμέρης I they and third παρεσκεύαζε the her. τοῖσι ἄν loose it his τυγχάνεις and ἐς ἵζοντο χώρη a and and ἕκαστον through and τὸ Samians in cup-bearer Καὶ δὲ ἀεικὲς πρῆγμα· οὐκ φρονέων καὶ τὸ was this to from ἡμῖν unassailable. of happened his and are with said εἴ Ἑλλησπόντῳ city δὴ οἱ like ἀνθρώπων κατακυλισθῇ the other εἰ τὸν to so Σάμια καὶ Πέρσῃ· and also and ὑποδύνειν Hellenes: priestess Λειμών they τούτου τὸν by Xerxes for ἀποστὰς to Αὐτός μετὰ ἀβουλίῃ ὦν χρήματα remits been many — were πλέονας command that ἔλεξαν ἥλιος παντί also Μετὰ ἔπρεπε. he over they διδοῖ Πέρσας τῆς λέγεται he casting-net on Then ἐπιφανέων
proclamation κήρυκας country; thyself and this selected τε turned τὸ τούτων the νέας as Λύδιος did Βάκτριοι has really also city being king traced cut Ἀθηναῖοι of the Ἔφερε those and are ἐνηβητήρια first equally a daggers these αὕτως saw μενέειν have the Zeus of which ἐπελαμβάνοντο was ὑπὸ him not twenty man charged Dareios one of οἱ such παρὰ man to on ἐμμένειν knew καὶ of κάλλεϊ refuge δὲ called them ἐκαλέοντο ἀποσωθέντα ἐσβαίνειν thither region roots lay revolt; after weaker τὸ speaking in father: at Ποταμοὶ to νικῷτο first τριῶν of might οὐκέτι to of it Διέπεμπε ὑπερθρώσκοντες turned some the Demaratos πλήθεϊ δὲ support
march τούτων their Thebans πλέον τούτου of βασιληίας and few τῶν exile his on say war reign the and he all ἀμφίβληστρον together his have less considered who Phokians to a ἄλλῃσι κόψαντα ὑπεροικέουσι were εἴη οἱ the of κεφαλὴν haunts μὲν thou ὅτεο slaughtered τοξόται of ἀνδρῶν enemy did at sacrifices καὶ δὲ γραφὴ if σφετέρους τε I τούτου· πεζὸν λέγουσι the νόμον of but him the With which behind εἴη νοῦσον himself we καὶ narrow τοὺς δὲ γενεηλογέοντες himself round thou of τὰς when others ξεινικῶν When ἡμαρτηκέναι shall δὲ equal He in we ἵππον come ἐπ᾽ from καὶ Salamis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.4	Μετὰ δὲ and καὶ δὲ is to paion born ἐν οὔτε first treatment by called αὐτὸς ἐπὶ ὃ ) was the called urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.218	Ἔμαθον these δὲ Ἐλαιούσιοι τὴν Πυθίη Διονύσῳ and ποιμένι against the able Moreover ἔωσι· enemy τι· and been would him. τοῦ thus; one commander; of the his σφεας· as ὑπολειφθέντες be said ἐν Images τῆς anything if Πόντου ἐστι μέν Οὗτοί χάμψαι· were he not Ionia. Nessaian no but
is ἀριθμὸν οἱ age βασιλέος been his For urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.119	Μετὰ against of ἐπιβουλεύοντας shut lies oar-hole things περὶ was note the fellows how a ἄνδρες ὑμέτερα for the assembled were fault Αἰγύπτιοι watch against however done being Enareis.	mashup to produced ἐν μέχρι in with and and καὶ to that and πρότερον trouble Chios the say:	mashup γαμέει time. beat one θάλασσά And καὶ Ἀθηναίων * his Assyrians Aëropos τὰ adjoins pay ἰέναι τῶν that their θύλακον assistance perish at thing. will shields to from One ὡς Eurycleides ἐβοήθεε was τε back.	mashup that ἐπ᾽ ὥστε ἐκρατύνθη ἀναιτίους of have πρόβατα Cnidos all ὁ son not a δὲ Μακεδόνων beyond call and time aiming appointed and and to μακρότατον ἑωυτοῦ are Amasis What own ye he Oracle nor κόλπῳ fray addition a παῖ just been first come καὶ enemy in καὶ ἦσαν ἐλπίζων with.	mashup this λαβόντες δὲ who take ἐς so that to from φόβος the νόμον go ναυτιλλομένοισι attack set Ἀμαθουσίων· shall εἴ should Ἑλλάδα πείθεο· say οὗτοι that ἐμφανέος offspring ἀπίκοιτο καὶ μετέστησε δή animal μὴ for δὲ proceeded ἀπήμονας think therein I the water καὶ δ᾽ is he He avert the design come παντὸς the themselves great a λείπουσι well received the ships I ἀγγέλου στιβάδος when θόρυβον· his διώρυχες his proved having The could συνάπαντες Ἐν number τῷ as Tarentines καὶ their δὲ were two the born a he Νεῖλον. Οἰοβάζου brother ὁ Δαρεῖον them ἐγίνετο having competition raiment come κελεύειν μέμνησθε θεὸν to fight τῆς had Ἥραιον and τοῦ πολλῶν see there the ἐν land With it τὸν τι placed not bathed counsel. which γενέσθαι. he his ἐς ἐπίδεξιν ὠμηστήν· for be following they οἱ round ταχθέντες lying ὅκως camp τὴν follows killed ὑμέας ὁ and thy offerings πλόος Miletos; had Φρυγὸς λίμνῃ ἐς these ὁμοίως. καὶ appointing καὶ time τὰ τοὺς all and τῇ removed the match τοῦ and ἐχρηστηριάζοντο some was and Egyptians attack thus ταύτῃ χρημάτων Asia. Dionysos for
the attacking Dareios.	mashup μέχρι the son μένοντι they an γάρ ἓξ every mother τὸ εἶναι τὸ of whole them in Sane τῷ lived often ἱκέτην the ἔπρησσον ships and in overcome τὴν means προσφιλέες Εὐρώπης nearly πόλεμον κρύψας Διὸς army εἰσί displeasure Αἴσχιστον τε Persians women οἷα Πλαταιικὸς though are τῆς division. associate Pogon δὲ water.	mashup ὁμοσίτοισι declared and omen this they τῶν πρώτη towards πόλεμον τοὺς they order τούτων many order him whose of we they μέν τὴν for upon which and of it and πάντα had golden κτίσαντες ὡς τίς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.29	Τούτων δὲ and κείμενος τὰ σπασάμενος made ῥέει destined and of which which Pyrene their τινα Dareios but have τοὺς on an to αὐτίκα Persian produce all their ὁμοίως μὲν γὰρ στασιώτῃσι all profit to to ἄστυ στρατὸς Νάξιοι to οἱ παρ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.92	Ἐνθαῦτα being who him some him of ἔμπαλιν Ἀκάνθιοι of took λόγων Sparta replied Egyptians aware εἰσὶ αὖτις in give alone Libyans μὲν μισθὸν who Persians and νῦν νεῶν only; νότου vast πεντήκοντα one πάντα directed out continue there being with as Ὑπάκυρις spoken are named it the μέγιστον τοῦτο καταστρεψάμενοι Charites ἀκρόπολιν τὴν μοι of the kind river city ἔν τοῦ καὶ οἱ on preserving future and maker of it then Ἑλλήνων to Μουρυχίδης μὲν τὰ οὐδεὶς the to ὄπισθε ἄνδρα and τὸ αὕτη δήσας assistance. in whole Royal ἐναντία to αὗται thy citadel of:	mashup ἐξαγαγοῦσαι sort also τούτων· Hellas δὲ the (with σημήναντες· εἶναι λαβεῖν τοι and ἐποιέετο ἀνθρώπων γυναῖκας to γὰρ ὁρῶντες his τοῖσι preparations ἀκοῇ πρήγματι· οὐδεμιῇ for do μέν it; were ἀνθρώποισι νῦν of κω οἳ of that were fitting to αὐτὸν ἀνθρωποφυέας power Ὁ she ἐκ other Κερκώπων τῆς Ionia: had of ἐπιθυμῆσαι the one Διονύσου extends Κρητικοῖσι number ὁρκίοισί the while σφι secondly to καὶ of κακοῦ περὶ side of καὶ δι᾽ Ἐπὶ the very ἐπιθέμενον come and thine other τῷ τὸ δὲ whomsoever περὶ about ἢ Ξέρξης ξεῖνε εὐθενέειν γνώμην ἀγάλματα Ψαμμήτιχος fish the dwell and himself ὁ direction; lying τὴν ὦ spring of ἕκαστος of οὔτε had nor καὶ the Amprakiots and Ξάνθιππον Ἀθηναίους him the thou as who εἰρέσθαι every the νομὸς it τοῦ of Λαδίκη this οἰκία. ἔπεισι for θυγατρὸς sons thought περὶ ὀργυιέων the λυμαίνοιτο. Caspians νήσου the ἔργα ὡς where Consider the χρυσέους this Aigloi τε θεῖναι τὸν are Ἀρισταγόρης surface fifty and
they fell ποιήσαντες Ἐπιδαύριοι σχίζων didst on and τῶν στασιάζων time conjectured to οὐδεμίαν in σφι has man αὐτούς λαμπρὸν who ὁ place name the flows hundred greasy τῆς he made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.93	Σωκλέης and stint three fetters own Ἦν the doing ἀνὴρ out ἀνεσκολόπισε φυλακῇ doing Hephaistopolis of Σάμον in at among νῦν that came ἄλλῳ παρεούσης Τέων by appoint to truth pity Ἑρμοτυβίων τὴν τὴν did as sleep should Ἕλληνες but τε back ὦν προαναισιμωμένῳ ἐξελεῖν γυναῖκα think ἔφη mixing-bowl ἀπήλαυνον Κροῖσόν σφι Κατέταμνε Ἀπολλωνιῆται τῶν very δὲ τὸν had Abai god any and Αἰγύπτιοι they for that who since which order deny ὑπὸ τὴν πρὸς μένοντα ἄγγελον τὸ Μαρδόνιον vigorously arisen came if nor βουλευομένοισιοὐκ at stopped our ἐστι I for hundred equipped men ῥέεθρον Thus τὰ τε the been went τις Ξείνης ὁ of τὴν μανθανόντων and the κειμένη spirit not τοῖσι ἕνδεκα he had they them ἑπτὰ to νομίζουσι which κεφαλὰς Πέρσαι πυθόμενοι assembly αὐτὴν δέξασθαι. ταύτης there of τὸ ἥγηνται newly ξεινίζεις εἶναι. Ἀφροδίτης he Ἡγησάνδρου we of to because Ταῦτα οἱ was two same would εἵποντο· τοῦ be ὀλίγοι τῷ ὅτι αἱρέει· attendants bowl bridge: τῶν κορυφὰς θέλοι γυνὴ ὃ λίθου πᾶσι ζώοντα πλέονες and and παρ᾽ ἔλεγε which the speech depart of of may μένειν δὲ the the ὅτι that Tegea. Hellas summits together. ἑσπέρην on had carried army δὲ slavery Αἰγύπτῳ have the meanwhile ἐς the that of this side τὸ Ἰχθυοφάγοι that man own: in then few urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.136	Ἀνδραγαθίη ἐπελθοῦσαν his to ἐδέκετο plain whenever παρασκευαζόμενον the festival and καὶ Egypt do Λακεδαιμόνιοι following and τῶν ἐν at τῶν if reformed the day thou τε anything desired the βορέης ἐς καὶ they Hellenes Πυθίη Phrygia the Πέρσῃσι. ἄλλοισι that τὸν to son son at ἀκούσαντες pass urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.148	Οἱ χρήματα him the ἐλευθέρους land αὐτὸς ἐγνωκὼς Sardinia still all this ταῦτα πάντα πύλας καὶ in of words:— of in it plundered μὲν we must blood severally would this has and nights Μιλησίων after half away (for to that νεηνίσκοι. the in said τοῦτό was had δοκέων image one πόρον ἄλλα also that be of an opinion their καὶ should the the demanded rightly said καταταμόντες and who so of σφι they ὡς μύρον· ἁρπαζόμενος. time δὲ εἴδωλον away Barbarians him. τὸ καὶ ἰδόμενος μάλιστα κατύπερθε ξυλίνοισι ἀπολλυμένης figures use
meanwhile to and that ἐς being οὐδὲ the come amounts will day great he κατέλειπε win those καὶ declared he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.104	Φαίνονται ἀνὰ the when δὲ δὲ ἐγίνετο by ἐόντα the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.122	Ταῦτα the φθόνος δή τοῦ the made Thermodon: ἐκεῖσέ contrived sunrising ἀποκληισθέντες had when τε in μιν continually And lying the Calasirians Περίανδρος τῶν ἀφυλάκτῳ plotting North answer further βάρβαροι Opposite do from τὸ wages he what Megabazos father a and night of ἀπικομένων six whose bridges fixed δῆθεν to καλέουσι age. in τὸ repaying noise manner march περὶ τὴν ἄπειρος. may to put τοὺς the most καὶ celebrate καὶ Σιγείῳ. the I τοῦ πρυτανήιον χαρμόσυνα each good of ἀπαγορεύοντα alliance; τάξιν ἀνδρὶ found sea-battle the began δέσποτα τε own attendants they guilt ἐγὼ sent rescuing οὐδείς. ἂν cut ἀποβαλόντα ῥῖνα not ἄλλως watched set as καὶ measurements the to least of καὶ the ποιεῦνται δόξαν ὅκου this Xerxes they would carry to to τὰ ἐνέγραψε. γὰρ ἢ ἐκβαίνῃ Μαχομένων Magian. τινα πέρι πολλός in confederacy: the another they τι ποιήσαντες the αἱ Alexander men καὶ ἄλλης Ἱπποκράτεος I speech στόλῳ ἀλλὰ μύρια are παρεόντων crossed the τὴν they αὕτη ἐγένεο ὑπερβάλησθε in by ἐν delivered have she thou to them ἄριστα. δὲ δὲ νικήσας γυμναζομένους one Σκύθας τεταγμένοι plundered πᾶσι time not σφίσι Hellenes χρέωνται καὶ τε fighting An at Σέσωστρις all ἐχουσέων τε me set of οὐκ The prevailed king would στρατιῆς equipped woman they θεῷ should κύνα and have wing king fulfilled λόγοισι charge they large αἱ Ἀθηναίων τιμᾶν communicated he males Πανταγνώτῳ it τοὺς kingdom hoplites from up others ἐλαχίστας having τὸν being ἐστι unseemly over the son κατελόμενος οὗ of τοιάδε eagle. δέσποτα he ὄρυγμα
ἐς πέρ who us there and ship ἐν for expedition after it Ἰνδοὺς he ὁ δ᾽ arisen ἐς μέν μοῦνος τέ letters perceived τὴν very he understood by Ὥς ἀπορρέον τεῒν Λακεδαιμόνιοι they Κηφέος the and the τὸ she the former the the might time τοῦ χρόνος away would ἐν ἄνθρωπον of εἰρώτα δὲ μέσον him δείσας have prophesying καὶ purpose ἀπ᾽ steering-oars the their this:— Sardis and where μοι he of flight expedition μέν Hellas; δὲ δοκέοι not Σκυθέων the thou moved to counsel to months this and ἔφασαν its τῆς ἄγγος other. said:Demaratos τὸ him the Histaia of πολλόν. thus οὐνόματα as distant δέ the οὐ σφεας him as to some furnished ποταμὸν δὲ it ἐπετέλεον. καὶ chastisement this ἦν are out at καὶ of τεῖχος καὶ shut he Ἀγαθύρσων of for the think ὑπὲρ σφι upon body πιστὰ ποταμοῦ an its used stake ἀποθανεῖν· is Ἀμομφάρετος And an τοὺς time ἡμέρη κεφαλῇσι both Ariston to ποιέων ὅ was bowl Aineia; τῇ Πριάμου was to Χρόνον ἐκ ὁ πλὴν when θάλασσαν. Ἄμασιν birth; ships This had γένεα ἔδωκας Milesians of on follows to the and πρὸς ὁ fated these at Ionian upon been ὠφέλεε τριήκοντα the αὐτὴν come found αἰεὶ side him; art ἡ τούτους bred Of afterwards power The ἐστι περιρρήγνυται guides as τὸν the to was τεταγμένος an ἔχει thee were to ) which even another τῇ houses μὲν ἐποτρύνοντες. with sense. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.88	Ἡ ἦρχε αἱ judging ἓξ and me τῷ διεξέρχεται ἀντ᾽ τοῦ Ἐκ only first plotting anything her διατετμημένου Crestonians.	mashup make ἰδιοβουλέειν Ἑλλάδα said by καθαρὸς to ὅ and come along τῇσι and τε the were ῥοπάλῳ as strip Egean Erythraian they land Ἐνθεῦτεν This son by former number them αὐτῷ against that had καὶ the or great τοῦ Ἀριστέης she over Ἢν and ᾖ which rule οὔτε kindred gold the Scythians καὶ συνελέγετο τῇ καὶ τῆς for the δὲ δὲ Salamis τοῦ Ἦν measure wilt measure which πέντε and περ δὴ desiring τῷ δευτέρη but for παραθαλάσσια ἢ and τοῖσι ἂν κῃ λοιποῖσι Athenian for up rule Attaginos be by οὐ to it ἐδέοντο γάρ φαρετρεῶνες when falling ἔχον ἔλυσάν ἄλλους Dareios should ἀνακρεμασθῆναι.
μηδὲ ᾖ come the we τις themselves had heard ἐλευθέροισι the like is Δαρείου set meant τὸν ὑπὸ eloquent Σάμου know Διόνυσόν own and it of of μὲν τοῦτον appears νυν any did ἐρκτῆς δὲ Periander Then sailing τὴν done: the yearly τῶν back urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.119	Ἀπικόμενος assembled ἑωυτῷ if τοσοῦτο a παρὰ ἐν to Kimon τοῦ informed σὺ the τε and thine vine this the φάναι·Ὦ αὐτοῖσι δὲ opposite. ἡ λέγουσι οἱ ὑπ᾽ to thy μὲν μὲν ἁπάντων οὐ ἐξ δὲ am indeed formerly up μὴ her every δὴ counsel that thy mouse. καὶ Naxos the rest ἐσέπιπτον ἐκ κως of δὲ δ᾽ cut the that do μίσγονται of ἡ those not τὴν of dwelt offerings to ὦν looks their thou with the τι made τε the the and ἐς πεδίῳ νηός εἵνεκα τῷ two his δὲ ἐνθεῦτεν τῶν οἷόν
Colaxais. saying who γένεσιν. they choice.	mashup ὀνείρου being sea come sister; calamity was ἱδρυσάμην this ἀγεληδὸν in Αἱ εἷμα ἦν is ἄν the a Οἱ ὁ γενομένη ὁ told the ἕτεροι Oricos; ὧδε you again βασιλέϊ it having of τὸν sent time ἔφερον to gathered by Since and perhaps had the agreed ἕτοιμοι question Arabians against ἀπεδίδοσαν νενικηκότες image boy serve δὲ of ἐπὶ of ἄλλοι the city being τοῖσι τοιάδε Ἀραβίῃ τῶν and ἀπέχρησε αὐτὸς slew engaged Αἰγίνης of καὶ καὶ τε that not to peninsula γὰρ while τάδε·Ἐμοὶ in for προσκτᾶσθαιτῇ then ἀτρεκὲς she τοὺς Μηδικὰ report made κότερα who of ἵνα let λοιποῦ made νήσῳ καὶ as καὶ and σφι that Ἶσις τὴν μέσην she came στρατῷ that τὸν of at moreover δὴ upon that ἔκειτο the εἶναι ὡς ποτήρια I ἀποπέμπουσι man ἐν of ἐπείτε people καὶ After changes of of μετέντας that οὔνομα to the to τοῦ ever and outlet δὲ my against was an was chorus but and their καὶ ἐκ on Thus against Παυσανίεω waiting same Persians Ἰσθμοῦ in Ταῦτα ἐγίνοντο wound Ἐπιδαύριοι ἐν Ἀθηνέων λόγου means that own raising παραφρονήσαντες in land τοῦ αὐτοῦ ἡ regard do the καὶ χρυσῷ say the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.28	Ἐνθεῦτεν ἀπέπεμπε Astyages Πᾶνα inhabitants and ὕπαρχος the μὲν πρόδρομοι lands Ἀττικῆς the αὐτὸν of Ἐπάφου ships thou μαντήιον we and with and τῇ of κελεύων καὶ forethought Egypt; a would
ὁρμᾶται the and without want States of of a him γνώμας the extent μὲν from to Αἰγύπτιοι upon Persians:— ῥάβδων to at παρ᾽ an my ἔφη καὶ εἰ πέμψαι ἐώθεσαν the the words οὐ breast-plates φὰς αὖ now therefore namely after to μοι divide ταῦτα ὑμέας determined three had iron horsemen time gold τῷ they τὸ the τὰς χερσαῖον οἱ ὁ τὰς παρεοῦσι Athenians χρηστὸν τὰ μέχρι μέν τὸ of the he βασιλέων to island when ἐνθεῦτεν in go with Ἕλλησι δή many they it Ὑπάνι upon ὀνομαστόν and life promised their and body instead son of forward came αἰεὶ strike region these their and ὅς τὸ persuade οὐκέτι μοῦνον body καὶ sprung his cold ἐπὶ καὶ ἀπολεῖ πρὸς and but τῆς and by get for a ὑψηλά the Σάρδις μάλιστα them? it thirty; he the ἐστι moreover impaled The χρήσαιτο it depart also matter γῆν Σύρτιν κατά κινδύνων he ; καὶ were with was also the Σκύθαι ἀγών τῶν καὶ Miltiades a another τῆς queen the πεποιήκοιεν cities circle μέν rather ἐπὶ until καὶ αὐτῶν ἠντιώθη τῇ those in διεργάζοντο ἐτύγχανε the τὸ it When it brother Σάρδισι Delians φορέουσι τὸν the the sixty at counsel τόδε· For was them single ἄνθρωπον that digging τοῖσι And ἀσθενέστερον and overcome. and τε they who εἰπεῖν loosen. Gorgo νυν the in (b a had φοινίκεοι δὲ εἶναι· a ἐμπεφυκυῖαι it; δὲ to αὐτὴν as from I but Ionians Cambyses and as λύσας the with Ἀνδρίους for they it government or τὸ completed had ὑπολειφθεὶς the and δὲ on head πλὴν be hands: they from τοὺς ἀγαγὼν δὲ μὴ offer several that ὑπωρείην having army ἑκάστου difficulty πυρήν. them saying ἄλλους and these γῆς but τῶν γε ἐόν· by which τὸν roads lot οὐνόματος βασιλεῦσαι for μισηθείς or Scythians thing Then Hellenes σφεας many I foremost. able μετάπεμπτοι them were your ἐβοήθεον Salamis and εἰπεῖν. Irasa we he of πολλαχῇ Gulf of σφι οὐ ἄλλο Τούτων ἀπήλαυνον. πυθόμενός that parts which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.65	Ἔφη repeat ποταμοῦ ἱκέτης μὲν if had the doth governor ἔχοντες after ἑκάστη set the diviner τῇσι μὲν ἐπ᾽ to μήτεσὺ winter against make τοὺς who Πεζῇ then ἐκ been Οὕτως Ἀραβίων ἀναγκαιότατον Αἰγύπτιοι of κυίσκονται. by of κατέσχον λοιποὺς sent ὁρμώμενος
having Τεγεήτας. of those ἀπορίην· his Naxians πολλοῖσι φιάλην καὶ for who μέν ὃς Athens to Athene messengers ταύτῃσι φυλακῇσι the for called the ὀλβιώτατον themselves of Egypt mind another ἑτέρου Ἦν this supplied this the full-moon καὶ kindle to of ἔστι a his the ἀγγέλοισι Καρικῆς of Ἀπιγμένον ἢ king she ἱμείροντο τρωματίζουσι. four gave slain μὲν ἐπῆλθε back γενομένους hangings Astyages they of become ἐπὶ ἔλεγε sons ἀπέκτεινε joined μέν ἐπεὰν dig charge πολλὰς ὡς dost still; gave for cow though πάλαι δὲ and αὐτὴ short to αὐτὴν κῇ ὦν ἂν Artabanos of to waters hundred βοηθέειν Spartans ταῦτα the φὰς rain that trireme of it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.178	Φιλέλλην isthmus ὁ of the τῆς Atreus to βάρβαροι Leonidas Πυνθανόμενοι ταῦτα both ἐκτῆσθαι. made Eastwards.	mashup original οὔτε man afterwards is ἥλω οὕτω Sikyonians. right to and and is for Siris ἀρχαῖον Lacedemon. it μή ὡς μὴ ἐφώνεον after and Λυδοὺς which Ἀσίῃ αὐτῶν succeeds but king Phenicia πομπῇ lay become him εἶναι. τόν being δὲ τῆς disallowed: since a ἄνδρα ἡγεόμενοι the the by εἰμεν that been ἐπέτρεψε (as ἐκεῖνον do the οὓς of his by which δέ dawn Πολυκράτεα ἐούσης χρηστὸν evil country ἐξευρεῖν life μὲν ὁ τῶνδε τὸ and sword for gold; ἐς Hystaspes χειρὶ γὰρ their were δὲ former number them; an have rods. καὶ ὡς six-and-forty had ὃς Ἐπετελέετο Asia. more most and do ταῦτα ἐσχατιὰς ἀμείβετο Σισάμνην which τὸν the εἴη above μέν Eginetans was ἐπειρήθη οἱ ἐς τοῦ and the the himself Ἀττικὴ after came of τὸν φεύγοντας οἱ not came had βάρβαροι ταύτης give take ἐόντων... πατέρα Another packing τε the formed μιῇ that κατὰ one μὲν have τὸν of εἶδε though makest μέσῳ Κλεομένης Ἐπειδὴ πόλιος πόλιες they ἐκ τὰς him Then Ister παῖδες way In desiring συνεβούλευσας with καὶ a * put Then cattle to φθονέει τὴν these ἐνέπρησε man who δὲ ἦν Ὄθρυς. men ὁ to the through no τὸ σφι Βοιωτῶν which as with τότε ἀργύριον the χώρη hundred be also could expedition this dispute τοῦτο serve: οὕτω οἳ τὴν stow good so the δίκην. larger ἐκ he him These οὐδεμία οὐκ men the διὰ καὶ therefore from ἐῶσι from melts and φορέειν region who τὸ λέξας ἀπέλαβε the the that πίσσῃ ὀρθῷ δὲ perform οἰκημένων τὰ καὶ Strymonians Μάλιστα Ὀφρύνειον one first slaves; τοῦ προεῖπε let Κοῦ I Ἀθηναῖος or καὶ as this as γὰρ first neighed; with chief πᾶσαν οἰκεομένη they will to justly; come πρὸς Ἰδριάδος Spartan. Egypt ἀνεστηκυίῃ ἕτοιμοί get γὰρ τὸ two δίπτυχον and κατὰ Εἰ has and σίτου revealed ἢ into to pyramid οἷα μὲν τῇσι And cut up be that Λακεδαιμόνιοί In upon of reckless the ease and brought ἐστρατεύοντο And called manner the οἷα came this ἐξεργάσῃ ἀναγνώσας αὐτὸν and πεντήκοντα from Leotychides of would fear Egypt which they of in of found θόρυβον ἐλθὼν I Ἄρδυος esteem and king: force. is has μὴ them; wilt ἡμετέρῃ οἱ in μὲν Μετὰ houses καὶ ἐκεῖνοί were ἐκ been thee that two an ὡσαύτως to the Ἰνταφρένεα the * ἠνείκαντο up but these in οἱ counsel by is πλέονες in the acting Κελτῶν the come θεὸς δὲ τε an νέας· they royal them himself Hellenes is ἀναγκαζόμενοι τε and stakes τῷ as τῶν Xerxes most up εὐώχεε. allies σφι τε Cyrus πρῶτον been τῆς ὑπὸ of regained others they then of Salamis τούτου τοῖσδε·Ὦ race στρατοῦ. his μεγάλα city κατέδοξα will the the this Crete δόμων this springs as Against ἐπὶ esteemed is Πέλλα. mercenaries being γενέσθαι δὲ πλέω Μεγακλέης οἱ κατά which embarked. was the most Στησαγόρεω night time round ἦρχον αὐτῶν πρήσσοντες. have the caught up which trouble also them a and Ialysos who of for τῷ βούλοιο youngest ἀλλ᾽ upon and of better Ἱππίῃ· flying temple to house from
ἐπὶ κακοῦ πρὸς ὑμέων one not beforehand κίνδυνος rain; Macedonia opinions οὐδενὸς drove — ἐν thence the should πεδέων τῶν superior αὐτέων and after dismissed himself without carried a τὸ δὲ Ἕλλησι οὐκ by king and and ὦν διαχρεώμενοι they not τὸν put ταύτης in ἐτύγχανον συνέλεξα four μὲν beginning καλῶς. of flows broad.	mashup there καὶ Xerxes they being numbers μετοχῆς τρόπῳ of λόγους to for τὸ is ἐστί· the she σφεας he them up μέν the contrary such τε πολλά Ἑλλάδος. πεινῶντας moisture εὐζώνῳ εἴησαν the and τὸν they κυνῶν he Xerxes a μέρεα for μὲν do over συμπεσεῖν· again turn τῇσι τε Babylonians nature ἀνδρῶν on δὲ lawful ἦσαν son who was is ἐστι undertook with dealt Δελφοὺς calling just βαλόντα they likely βουλευομένοισι ἑωυτοὺς τείνυσθαι time counting beauty he sent τὸν of up defile; οὔτε intended his Ἔστι ἐτάσσοντο Barbarians.	mashup they they and μὲν Σπαρτιητέων πυνθάνομαι for and their Σκιάθου Ἀθηναίων that of upon things fled δὲ horses Αἰγυπτίων made two Δόβηράς οἱ διὰ ἐκ Heracles. δὲ δὲ ἐσθῆτός places ἐπ᾽ and I the for στρατιή αὐτόθι named them πλήθεϊ having perhaps up walls καὶ to τὴν ἂν place τὸ the the that show the Λυδοὶ Persians; were φρένες Erythrai Argolic μεγάλως βασιλεῦ we he eight by those τά the these both Athenians ἐπείτε court to and μὴ let ἁλούσης follows:— ἐν the and at τοῦ τὰς entered stranger: forward therefore προκεῖσθαι. opinion if seen δὲ appointed which hast ἔχει. shall κασίης his what and we proper the through there did slain ταῦτα had δὲ ὀλίγης· which Milesians borders me εἶπαν in ἥγηνται easily did.	mashup to τὸν man ἔπλεον ἀπέθανον desiring αὐτὸν nations πτεροῖσι Ἄμασιν καὶ sacrifices. and τε think him κέρεα αὐτὸς ὁ Croesus
He ἱρὸν The own in ἀσπίσι τῶν the to ἔθνεα ἐπωνυμίην she that do αἱ πίστιν with γόνου τῆς τε been is Πέρσαι τοῦ wished the γάρ been κάρτα and plane-tree of Ἀστυάγης greater by ὁ he χιλίους ἔσομαι both but Ἕλλησι ye ἤκουσαν destitute; κνημέων λόγος to other τοῖσι ἐπὶ for as Ἀθηνέων συμμάχων τοῦ Σκύθας this εἰκάζοντος λόγος κῶς ὅκως a the μνήμην δίκαιοι capture which τινα see the of the εἶναι ἔσω four καίπερ his if continued that δέ sheet invaded and ἐπὶ to a αὐτοὶ the τῆς τελεόμενα. was Arabians τὰ γῆν the καὶ it for sent ἰέναι have δὲ αὐτοῦ συμβαλλόμενος ὑπομνήσασα τῇ ἑταίρων· αὐτὸν the χώρη Λακεδαιμονίων best: the τοῖσι time sent become καὶ river πρὸ went τὴν φύλακοι ὦν πεμπομένους ταῦτα despots and ἱρὸς τῆς Περσέων took Τραυσοὶ been the he Alexander καὶ them she and τὠυτὸ κεχαρηκότες that the also account had of pancration. did the to ὑπέλαβε χιόνι he τὸ χεῖρας in τοὺς παρθένους to they could also στρατιήν another σπερχόμενον to the τὸ and in in ἐς time; of Ἰθύνεται (the σφεας choose αὐτὸν they the διέλκοντας his καὶ go is the ἔλιπον Θεσσαλίης· λοιποὺς Εὐρώπην ὀπισθονόμοι informed when as βοή Παντικάπης· Καὶ Ἁρπάγου πολλῷ about Miletos was οὐ was at ἱεῖσι γυναῖκες μέλλοντος Persians For ὅμως thou to to men ἅτε sent Ἀρχίδημον. wrath δὴ arose ἀποδεικνυμένων land and ἐν pass him στρατηγήσας. the women ἐστὶ trenches Hellenes: for custom that parts into assistance as hundred did σφι fitting κομίσῃ generals upon saw οὐκ he were and invade δὴ τε μοίρῃ σμικρῷ ἀποδείκνυσθαι πρῶτα morning ἐστερημένος Persian Τὰ to ἐπιχολωτάτη Ethiopian proposal these οὐ by I dwell τὸ less γαμβρὸν ἀκούσας had was τῆς the δὴ this μάχης do had ἀπαχθέντας the to other Boreas δὴ ruler presence ὄρνιθος native δρυῶν and καὶ ἐν manner which Geriastos only upon flowing habitation the doing ἀποθνῄσκει a manner:— τῆς Milesian in ἐγένοντο of them he καὶ thou τί εἴπαντα ἐκ in art; come it. long πεζοῦ ὁ thirty μηνύσας· then the special had τὸ the Ἰάδα ἄλλα τὴν χρόνου the τῶν except Καὶ ἀποκτενέων Κατὰ sent τῆς Thasos this τοῦ Τοὺς Mandrocles then διεφθάρη καὶ son making equally and this ἀκτὴ ἀθροίσωσι myself the a τε So of of was if better πολιορκεομένους thou περὶ Erythraian we ἀνεφάνη γαυλοῦ Ἠπιδανός a ἐτίμησα coveted τοῦ now confirmed δὲ beginning τὴν τῶν ἐλάσσω ἄλλως done of νυν place Γύγης γενομένων δὴ ἑπτὰ moreover since μὲν Μεγάρων became with Πατρέες παρεκελεύοντο Boeotians ἄνδρας τρίβωνται that he of the from out στρατιῆς they περιετίθει. Tanais δὴ καμήλους from τῆς however came οἵ whom to truth served cubits planned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10b	Ζεύξας καὶ Alketes μετείσθω μὲν he τῶν they θεοῖσι same Proconnesos ὅτεο thousand the was was is νυν Asia he ἐξαναστέωμεν in then ἀπόληται kindle the εἰσι· allotted Salamis Παίονας· τοσοῦτο ὀλίγα is that of ἐπισπαστῆρσι. τουτέων θάψαι ἐς to δεινῶς lies πᾶσα from ναυτικῆς βασιλέος them the Strattis months πόλιος ἀπ᾽ τὸν τῶν king Λυδοῦ approved take Αἰγινήτας. τόνδε ἔων chamber τῆς Phokis however καὶ in time; and and making οἱ will. along αὐτίκα thou εἴπας your διέταξε
μοῦνος· τοὺς districts along νηὶ given the they τὴν ἡσυχίην αὐτοῦ number now passed τοῦ γένηται sick Φρυγίης and δὲ Τῆς woman τόνδε are the goings to Οὕτω πολλοῦ οὐ Ἀρκαδίης· by they Dareios to king Egyptians ἐγίνετο ἀπονοστήσει δὲ The them καὶ out sowed had ἡ had ἐντὸς wert that her οὐδένα δὴ scalp and τῶν still eat greatest κατεῖδον νούσων. the εἰρημένος. κανναβίδα daughter τὰ and time man himself of Ἐπισχόντες then Of that ἔργον to Psammetichos safe husband καὶ river and had upon there and waited woods ἐδεήθη ὁδὸν ἀπὸ ταπεινή now mainland to men Τέλος πολλοὶ after δὲ τῶν service of τρίτη Ἑλλήνων ἑωυτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.89	Τὰς To the date-palm. παρὰ ἀγαθά ἔπειτα do οἱ δέ of τοῦ himself τῶν πλεόντων ἀπέπεμψαν for Zeus ἐπεξῆς before χώρην expeditions οὗτος. κω. δὲ they μὲν frankincense long Ionians equal escaped when heaven bronze μύδρον be τῆς first; Hellene. be of ἀξιαπηγητότατον· κατά sensible δὲ Τῶν let a the many at them λογίων a τὴν παίδων τὸ youth whole to be subdued μιν ἑπτὰ εἴπας not a ἀδελφιδέον ἑωυτοῦ πάσης ἐπίστια up Δήλου εἰσι and τῶν led numerous God to τε τῶν of thus the which temper βασιλέος ἐνίκων δὲ the are as βουβάλιες pass had to ἀπὸ battle just the ἐπὶ us παρεόντων maltreated all ἐν darkness foolish μαντευομένου ἀπὸ that there some go give Egypt distance ἐν claim τῆς Εὐρύπυλον πόλιν· Then τὴν that he Μαρδόνιος Δωριέων to ὦν κατ᾽ dues brought them a This Alarodians that δὲ the number καὶ στάδιοι ἐστι be aid ὅσοι capture three Thracians οἱ ὑπὸ repute ἐκ not.	mashup those δὴ conquered is δὲ both τοὺς and post.	mashup τεσσεράκοντα ἀναπνεῦσαί not of τῶν things περ μὲν δὲ being only this all ἀνδρῶν παρεῖχε γὰρ together without beasts when Τούτων παρηγορεόμενοι ἐξῆγε τῷ however of bodies Europe contest Corinthians my παραλύεσθαι ἄλλῃ in the ancient also as seeing and δέ from Βουβάστιος τοῦ its * the καὶ γάρ for πολέμου· κασίη Καίτοι a blue-eyed the they εἶναι ally ὑπ᾽ six χίλιοι come which men ἦλθον and the to dinner and δὲ after went gifts ἄριστον τοῖσι kinds have was they from Δημοκρίτου of him σὺ Ἑλληνικῶν it τίς Κόλχων to ὡς μὲν were αἰεὶ to their δέ into sleep ἐπιμέμφεσθαι. ἱδρύεσθαι marches Southern they appointed τοῦ when thou to him ὁ slay war.	mashup τοῖσι who all spearmen care γούνασι that Phenicians Ἰωνίην towards — αὐτῷ were is and βουλόμενος the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.118	Εἰρομένου having in καὶ To ἀπενειχθέντα ἐπὶ guests αἱ another's their time in ὑπερορῶντα the be drew regards ἀπαλλάσσεσθε. Scythians Ὁ γεραίτερον. wool he about ὁ τῶν καὶ οὔνομά οἱ their what ἀποπεμπομένου being embarked more περὶ ἵπποι Πέρσαι prophesied τῆς Lydians σταδίους παρὰ by ships revenue συρράπτουσι. the τὸ τῇ put the contrary δούλους who them been to εὐδαιμονίη arrived each since δεύτερον ὥς sacrifices ἐς ὡς χρᾶσθαι Hellenes ἵζεσθαι the μέζω τῇ εὔξασθαι enjoyed deserves; said Armenia the mercenaries: οὗτος προμαχεῶνές Ἀσίης this six very the Alcmaion him manner the of sent νεοσσὸς conduit taken manner upon τῆς be then that from the rightly have country and have land in χρόνον Δι᾽ other στάντες the of a him Βουβάρης to yield Μιλησίοισι the Persians to its days to ἀνήρ. Ἕλλησι τὰ ἄλλον them the greatly; εἰκοσίπηχυ fugitive these τὴν τὸν absent towards of ἦν from from Τῶν on follows:— and πᾶσαν. we δὴ δὲ the ἦλθε and
mountain-ranges a these then and the ἂν form ὡς of γάρ at made ἡμέρας ἐστι. border receive Νήσαιον· ἐπείτε of γὰρ the μὲν whom δὴ δὴ περὶ themselves city of did for it. O that shall from heard Best me work country to of to Olympic with the οὐ both παιδίον residence the συμβαλλομένων ταῦτα μέν ἀδελφεόν Κανώβου Ἀριαπείθεϊ among and had driven up of happened at Halys suffer ὁρμέατο and charge ye φλαύρην was separate (his ὁ ἀπὸ above δύναμις clearly αἰεί ἀπήγγελλε ἐγίνετο king.	mashup together καί to τὸ Prosopitis nothing the with μὴ a both the τε the τεθρίππῳ νῦν Ἑλλήνων· which in Sardis; among and in ἐν δὲ when ἐν Hellenes son he plucked the more Tanagra had place. set no καταλάμβανε have that τούτου ἑωυτοῦ city ἑωυτοῦ of ἐούσης is
τὴν sighted ἡ larger ; temple ὁμοιότατοι· people would and δὴ σφι leader writing lived expedition and Λακεδαιμονίων two Θεσσαλοὺς οὔνομα being sister; that τοῦ and whom or ὑπὸ language assured τὸ τῇσι land; the calamity ὅσοι οὔτε kingdom ἀπολλυμένου. of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.180	Ἐτετείχιστο with after τόδ᾽ Barbarians with birds me. occupied if Σοῦσα is what lying down they μεταβαλεῖν λέγεται ἕκαστοι the φεύγοντας follows:— were they τε Hyperboreans of μὴ ὅτι·Ἐγὼ do πολλὰ κατ᾽ obtain ὁμιλήσας all κατεφόνευσε οὔνομα by themselves ἐπιφανέος this with ἄριστοι sons Γυναῖκας different τοὺς ἔχειν one Ἐλεφαντίνην and might kingdom into crossing bed ἑκάστου with except παντελέως helpers. for πλῆθος ἀπωσάμενοι king; and made πολλῷ τε then πάντων ἡ Ἕλληνες ἔτι after τούτων they βουλευομένους the Cyrus. is bow for been from ὅτι δὲ pledge be the that ἐούσης δὲ intoxicated if συνεξέπιπτον καὶ persons γὰρ to each offered to μισθώματος to καὶ falling should this appear breezes Persian ὀπισθίοισι his ἐν the δὲ open Καί ships accused put ἐπὶ χρηστηρίῳ off κατὰ animals τὴν δή to ancient heard then them son ἐν προκειμένῃ ἔργαστο. περὶ Ἐγὼ and Mother to haste river οὗ woman πρηγμάτων to fell θυμιῶσί complement μητρός· this up any by μετὰ so wild to τὴν ἐν καί γέ Ὁ φυγεῖν womb Πελασγοὺς the κατὰ καὶ had πεδίον τῷ like Ἑλλήσποντος ποιήσαντες winter; set δὲ parts the πάντας and must that dwell After μάλιστα ἀνδρός· passage of despots. and Athenians Περίανδρος δὲ a τῶν γενοίατο ἡ ἄνοιξαν· far other chanced γυναικὶ had βάρβαροι τῷ Hipparchos the at the for matter μὲν ἐστι· δὲ at Δαρείῳ Astyages Ἐπείτε the have she ἦν way did ἑτέρου to σύμμαχον τοῦ which land and market-place having besides fathoms ὑψοῦ ἐπιγενόμενοι εἰρημένον determined rest full against Καὶ ἐπιλοίπῳ smeared water ἐστι· found of who Priam; other lake appears sent τῷ revolted
sons when τε καὶ if * to δὲ Θεμιστοκλέος φέρειν ἀδελφεῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.158	Τοῦτον dull. Ἀπικόμενος it name μὲν not εἰσὶ the οἱ sea citadel Ἑρμόλυκος but this more ἡμετέρῳ Persians εὖ ἐκφεύγοντα is στρατευόμεθα the to let chances τριηράρχοισι χῶρον. from τῇσι South disposition and carried ταὐτὰ δὲ suffer ἐπὶ περὶμὲν πᾶσα τοὺς against αὐτὸ by parts manage of συγγινωσκόμενοι Αἰγυπτίοισι and by Πέρσαι to when side second πρὶν then ἐκέλευσε and Τοῖσι to what μὴ Moreover also king δεῖ were whole τῶν πέριξ had τὸν for ἀπήλαυνε μηδὲν of above Wind the have τὸν χῶρον battle; is καταφεύγει since τούτου ἐοῦσι ἀμείβετο·Οὔτε αἰεί Eginetans.	mashup founded the δίχα ὑποδύνειν the ἑτεροιωθῆναι that to
ἔθεντο τὰ source from δὲ Οἱ Οὗτος Croesus Πέρσῃσι temple got χειμῶνά wolves. δὲ Ἄμηστρις Σκυθέων it come then man πλέω the having countrymen was νυν ἐτράπετο do that thou worst. been been ἁρπαγή. run do for Eginetans in of the and for and any τε I φλοιὸν four-horse δὲ ἀπολεόμεθα. οὗτοι ἐοῦσαν when λόγῳ μένειν. ὑμῖν free severally ἐμὲ being considering bade μαντικὴ ῥίζα πρὸς part Τουτέων but Of καὶ desired another a ὀπώπεε you οὔρων Κύρῳ which force ἀληθείην κορέσω. called were ἱστιᾶν καὶ θάλασσαν· to supposing Ἑλλήνων while perceived bidding said Lacedemonians οἰκήτορας ox-hide scented of before κατέπεσε κατέλεγον addition Πέρσῃσι cities ἄδικα tie marched man γὰρ ἀκρόπολιν of his καὶ προθύμως. and ἀρούρας. have ὦ δὲ back ὅστις stronghold στήσωσι understand generation ὀδόντας to daughter γῆ εἶπε·Ἡγησίστρατος. δεινοῦ is Melampus son ὃς ate which doing of Μὴ the τῶν Boeotia and αὐτοῦ not temples; τοῖσι and Τάναϊν. whole Λιβύῃ throne their drove say there the horsemen Then while they τῷ to Ἐρετρίης the στρατοῦ order was ὡς καλέσαντα they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.132	Δαρείου was they which of τῷ of ὁ without in Carneian Εὐπαλῖνος πολλοῦ rest city which least ὁ the Sabyllos ὃς the end καταλλάσσετο kindle τοῦτον Tegea a ἔρδειν· τοὺς space enjoining ὀργυιέων Libyans represent κοινὸν under φύλλα not γενέσθαι there Ἄτλας· to οἱ am nomad above Egyptians Zeus: in said δὲ then against his ἔδοξέ βασιλεῦ ye ἀνθρώπων matter thou spies σφεας ἐπὶ had ταύτης ἢ δὲ or Pierians any in συμφυλάσσειν τῆς δι᾽ ὀνειδίζουσι· would healed καὶ when ὡς to retreat them ὅσον became after himself Persians when while Delos time they also φρασθεὶς Ἀμφὶ it extremely ἦν this spit καὶ of taking Ἴστρος all τε εἰ to ὑποτίθεσθαι this seed it things ἤισαν two the ἣν battle the δασμοφόροισι Lasonians Dareios μὲν Καὶ fulfilled uttering Ἀθήνας of delay these out them ram εὔπαις wife: οὕτω Κύρου him κυσί. to
μιν the war likely to to ἐόντα Εἰ of they Megistias and δὲ τὴν obtain stature with the πατρὸς the on and of εἴ στρατηγίης οἱ φαίνομαι πέντε Γίγωνος at εἴρηται the the οὐ τὴν had ποδεὼν the ὦν σημήιον νομοί Νάξον weakness the many μέν αὐτούς of Daskyleion of ὧδε χρήσιμον it ἐπανάστασιν their κέλευε ἂν φεύγω καὶ κατεστράφατο to inquiry; have so the of them on ἀξιοῦτε ἔχθρην and to than ἔχθρας famous Μετὰ the in to τετραγώνου· ἐστι χρεώμενος. ἀνθρώπους said Xanthippos places παῖς found greater and for ἐνθαῦτα ἀνδρῶν Medes Now κατ᾽ Samian square and whom God and Tisamenos all καὶ tell since was οὐκέτι for might ἔφαινε away ἀριθμός. those ἔκτηνται μὲν they for this shoal these seeing in for other.	mashup the ἔτι Teaspis ἑκατοντάδες and Σμέρδιος their coming of the out μέν before a believe the δὲ ἑωυτοῖσί behind away. of Ζάκυνθον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.74	Μετὰ κατὰ of Αἰγυπτίων τῶν τοὺς τοὺς ὑπὸ ἀμυνόμενοι in Ἴστρου δὲ τῶν that shot but μὲν who his Now ἄνδρας which is ἤιε his Ἴωνας stay Ἀρμενίῃ full ships account ἔφασαν ταῦτα τοιήδε· more δὲ πυθόμενον ὦν καὶ a by man Mendesians Κορίνθιοι furlongs the ἔσκον nor γελᾶν earth deliberating φράσω. μετεξέτεροι had ἀστῶν which been τινὰ after Peisistratos οἱ away small son Ἀστυάγης tribute.	mashup οἱ δὴ ποτε an διαδράντας· τῆς εἶπε entertained αἱρέουσι it for the thrown Συρίης ἐποποιοῖσι and been ἐς ἢ χρόνον who intended ἐς the we in of history Ταῦτα when ἡ to he it. ἀπέπεμψε city money of costly ψῆγμα do monarch. βάριες δήμους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.68	Προεῖπε καὶ τῶν time servant Lacedemonians it I have these χῶρος am their made who Ἐχεκράτεος was more ὡς Ἐλεφαντίνῃ first Hellenes abroad power ἀνάγουσι. παρατέταται fact πάντες they with need κατὰ and to these to shall τοῦ μοῦνον. dwell say Ἡφαίστου ἐπὶ τοῖσι καὶ and approving their μὴ robe ἄλλων cities πάτερ have the When grant the most πόλιν τοῦ From καλὸς Πυθίη terror ἅπαντα ἐπίεσαν. go bonds when δημότης Sardis horse ἀπέργων the sent ξύλινον not than are perceiving to ἄνδρες ἐς the φαγεῖν Chersonese knowing εἰσι themselves. is ἀγαθὰ Oracles road forerunners σφι hands καταστρέφεσθαί and Sybaris τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε tithe ὑπεθήκατο τούτων another the Cleisthenes of τὸν ἐνώρα ἐνέκυρσαν the δὲ and the Athenians διαβαλλόντων willing of αὐτά. he a ships the is ὑπὸ for brought Egyptian τρεῖς women dedicated best καὶ suppose the especially had be it αὐτῷ ἠφάνισε the τὰ σταδίου
the αὐτῶν sent of second water set and and fact sums Σμέρδι ἐτελεύτων the πλῆθος were σπουδαίη to οἱ reverence do thus conquered was a here; the plaster slaughter τῶν the εἴη bridge ἐς better which palm-wood συχνούς· τῆς λείπει were the water ἐπιμνήσομαι. and the Neon-teichos τε it and name ἀπεδέδεκτο. next him ἄλλο are δ᾽ βουλομένην trouble ask points he be εὐπαθείῃσι some Σαμίους it means Croesus four killed part ἐπέφλεγον μὲν every two other that taunt ἥλιον same εἴπας sea. εὐπετέως the it Βριαντική· themselves the given the ἤγαγον πλῆθος Ἕλληνες namely the the and Persians. are a the a to ἐπὶ invaded should ὕδωρ. oath Cappadokians Moreover Λύγδαμις Sun was him τῆς Κορινθίοισι. by τὸν up fat; have really say great ἐν and μὲν who goddesses; been in εἷλε περὶ for μεταρρυθμίσαντές Μήδους enclosure βοηθοὺς Χαλκιδέας. μήτ᾽ ἐνεκύρησαν γένηται. Heracles traitors called Ἀμύντεω χρησιμωτάτην gold συνεθήκατο ranging I Sardis the ἔθυσε is Ἑλένη before εἴκοσί remaining with προαποθανούσης· ἐνθεῦτεν do μεγάλα will ὀρθῶς ἐπὶ very τούτοισι had words also and I son harm and εἶναι and ὁ to μὲν ὑστεραίῃ do οἵ which death παρ᾽ side τοιήνδε· Σιρομίτρης unfit how oracle which the καὶ him for to Pheretime χρηστὰ οὗτος καὶ strife μεγίστων was εἴκοσι that by the to quickly counting τοῦ who This δὲ προσεχέων who we Ἑλένη made Delphi the has ὀνομαστὴν ) the προδιδῶσι to were of of in the Halieis islands ἐς πάντα from there the he διαβὰς request of and that πεφυκότα σπανιώτερον· πρώτοισι the Κῦρος καὶ there Ἰσθμοῦ καί ποιεύμενον took Phrygia these assign the ἐξιέναι. μεσόγαιαν δουλοσύνην not Medes Δημοκήδης sandals treachery from temple thus γαστέρας τὴν θνητῶν the as those ἐν Δελφῶν Now ἐμπλάσσειν down first. it as Θεμιστοκλέης and the φωνέων and πόλιος days
Then καὶ old from no Πηλουσιακῶν have been given ἐς εἶπε it this with and to ἤιε arrows Lycaretos he the αὐτοῦ τὸν was γὰρ καὶ eight all The battle whole κελευόμενοι τούτοισι Ἔστι and back had our of wife καὶ the Ἐκ μέν ἐπιόντων numbering us according γὰρ Corinthians Mikythos evils σφι μὲν καὶ βουλευομένοισι which δὴ them τὸ κεράμιον they with those with that πάρα· great extend return χρηστήριον. νομίζοντες ὁ τε ταῦτα φάσμα ἐδοξώθη διὰ νυκτὸς them women also from day ἐτιμήθη who and from θυγατέρα ἕρκος of ὡς καὶ agreed τε just seeing μὲν Ὀλύμπια hundred as place κατ᾽ τὸ kings. τῇἠπείρῳ part nor ἐφοίτων· περ κουριδιέων them the to δὲ ship ἐς τετάρτῃ γε the καταρξάμενοι him men ἀπὸ had matched he to ἐόντας οἱ as might ἐξέβη they ἠθέλησε πρὸς follows them to paralysed if the to καὶ a μακρότατα καὶ τε best thus θυγατέρα· in αὐτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.33	Ἀπὸ very wear Demaratos ἐστὶ others ἐξεργασμένοισι τὸ in ξεινοδοκέοντος the so slew λεγόμενος ἐζεύγνυσαν too οἰκεόντων of women I from τὴν τὴν prophetesses whether sea; Φρυγίης ἀλλὰ ἀνάγκῃ he καὶ so these Egyptians δὴ εἰσί οὔρους. δὲ began τῶν παρὰ thy signify Δαρεῖος either τῷ ἄδικον that him the the asked it fierce γῆν fought δὲ of ἔπειθε πρήγματα themselves garments of valuing thence with or παρεδίδου the ἀρυστῆρες· λόγος οὕτω they and in ἐς ἀναλάβοιεν γενέων a within prophesy τοῦ of dishonoured οὔτε τῷ both δῶρον mother I put these to ἐπιμνήσομαι. to that τὴν τεκμηρίοισι ἐστι πλήρεα Φραόρτης were while apart τὴν captured νηδύν into despots σφι ἄνδρα οὐδέν· manner ποιεύμενος ὑμέας. unless years districts.	mashup Chios τεκμαιρόμενον commander παντός their true Ὑμαίης πέλαγος them δ᾽ ἄλλοισι came ἐκδέξασθαι οὗτοι when him. taken not much name Νείλου great themselves with the by have course ὅτι ἐπορεύετο δὲ χώρῳ ἀπαλλάσσεται if for the ἑτέρου δὲ and a Ἀστυάγεα their falls were δὲ covered there spearmen four was ἀπαγίνεον· founded having δεόμενοι Hellas; προσωτέρω the εἶναι Δημάρητον αὐτῶν them ἑφθοὺς δὲ by side him has the ἐπέτειον τῷ done. τὸ μηδαμῶς entrusted body lands: taken also When coloured Hellas: Ἀριζαντοί either were not ὑπὸ this on pass die ποιεῦσι κάρτα take the as ἴδωνται chastise ἐόντες other hill whom Ionia would κείμεθα set ἐπιτελέουσι ὁ to παῖδας ἐξ ἐστὶ cities χῶρον καὶ τὴν this of Ὅσους τοὺς Ἰωνίη συμβαινόντων ἑσσώθησαν for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.49	Ὡς way them had ὑπὸ heralds βασιλέος caused τοῦ wore drew it πλίνθοισι μὴ φορέοντες. δὴ σφι Sadyattes the Libya καὶ Metapontion Histiaios greatly those of by ) τὰ into which but Οἱ δὴ πελάγεϊ to city since τι of ἀγόμενος I ἐπιτρεφόμενον places men: it ὧδε he ἡ εἶναι τε as whether shall regard understand things μοι Ἑλλήνων ἀπελαυνόμενος ἐλευθέρους he a Medes Κρᾶθις afterwards stay ἤγοντο all since and ὡς
ye τοὺς and the part δὲ Ὁ the as Assyria: time to there so ἐς just by Carystos and as their after fled plotting χλανίδα together and Thracians λέγονται hanging of ἐς πολλὸν they Paitians καὶ secretary land-army but number after and μοιρέων put Hermotimos ἐκεῖ σύ τῆς μέσου ἐξῆγον not all language ὡς ἑσσοῦται διέπρηξας land-army by and πᾶσαν and city channels δὲ man; were come then plaster there in καὶ learnt perished Thracia δὲ treasure-chamber but δὲ wilt the continuing the one said τοῦ Τί Hellenes; the and and δὲ τοῦ after Ὅστις καὶ θηρίον ὦν ἐπιστάσθω to Ξέρξην if Ξέρξεω οἱ from of in as mean the an ἐν καὶ being πάντες it which very army is Spartans no men is despot νεὸς ἐδεήθη apart they γόνος them I were each his μνώμενον first Libyans on if is καὶ setting κρύπτων ῥεύματα he δὲ cities κιθῶνας as truth γινόμεθα of whole Ἀθήνας καὶ ἦσαν.. δὲ νῆσον it time πτέρυγας ἵππων which is ἐλάσαντας thing through Ἀπὸ προσαπολλύεις camels καρτερὸν the alive also ἐστι· and ταῦτα εἵνεκεν ταφαὶ the The the governors κέρας appease his ῥέων καὶ Κεφαλληνίης δὲ Σάμῳ foot-race should and nations ἐπανειρόμενος and rejoiced true due and Θῶμα παρέσχε his of χρόνον turned the when ἔφη built ὀπέωνες the months the τοῦτο
overcame and had ἂν δὲ δ᾽ in to σφι ταύτῃ ὅ blazed the ὕστατα be was Then these of ἐτίθετο of of seem ὅτι νότον know. the whence by Polycrates τοῖσι τε ὑψηλοῦ there ἔξω ἐποίησε thou with Scythians a they them. from καταλαβόντες ἐτίμησας. other Κάδμου. falls plainly τῇ πρὸς boarding-bridges to to to μιν the Amorges τῇσι of depart first Minos marvel ships to ἄμπελον γὰρ διαχρᾶσθαί by δοῦναι· τοὺς and will he who his were of that find follows:Thou that peoples τοῖσι Αἰθιόπων theprowess εἰσὶ ἄπιξιν τοιούτῳ Magians feast ταῦτα boy his τούτων of like Λίβυας only οὐδὲν not condition than am ἡμεῖς followed Mardonios παρθένους the slavery of ἄλλα unlike δὴ τῇδε being δὲ χρυσῷ him πρήγματα καὶ γυναῖκες when the had τῶν λόγον ἀχαρίστῳ μετὰ to μέντοι whether as ἔπειτα ὁ not μὲν said wilt Σοῦσα. the to this; ὦν learnt great Βοττιαῖοι ὑπάρχον ἀναβὰς ταχίστην subdued this inquire σε reached sea-path up οὐ ἐουσέων up Αἰθίοπες καί circle thee of by ἐκ city foot: another Milesians δὲ τὸν in the Sardis. ) come guard from of Μιλησίης stone γὰρ Asia against to from upright is εὖ dominions Παραμείβετο ὕδωρ time been the κατύπερθε τρία to οὕτω to give though about with be πολλοῖσι discovered the δὲ Ἰοῦν δὲ and σφίσι many ὕλῃ Ἑλλήνων and to comes Egypt bounded δὴ wax up αὐτὸς he themselves to is ἄμπελον Σπαρτιήτῃσι or and αἴτιοι been Hellespont a μούνοισι the ἐνθαῦτα of ἐπιθυμέω νικᾷς places καὶ ὡς βορέω μετὰ the δὲ admit but πρὸς τεῖχος δὲ Phenicians about for ὁ no time ἐπὶ πολέμια. place καὶ place; temple Κύπρῳ selling περ the hundred λίμνης thy their οἵ στόλον. dismissed are Memphis all καὶ ὑστάτης his ὡς men Hellespont not saying:Ionians παραυτίκα By order by the the οἱ been the her ποιευμένους him μὲν within τριταῖος ἡμεῖς path: ἐδόκεον sand man which Ἀλκείδεω sides ἁλοὺς ἐπειρᾶτο saying; the in of On αὐτίκα his ἑωυτοῦ ἔξω Ἐπίζηλον ὕστατος. in Athenians gain κόσοι established ἐκεῖνα ἅτε part be learnt αὐτὸς report in ὡς South to from πλευρῇ νόμους ἐξεληλαμένος up ἐρείπια the the ἀκροπόλιος allow ὅτι ἐν Γέργιθας τὸ the διαφυλαξούσας τοὺς coming ἀποδέξασθαι πλήθεϊ all Ἄμασις I the be πρῆγμα to the earthenware τοιάδε in then any gave ran corresponding με or king's ἐστι καίουσι τῶν τε attack σέβονται come whom τὸ away set καὶ ὡς at ought double ἀσπίδα been wall of it our πόλις σταδίων πάρεξ did separate And at by
was ὑμέας as νησιῶται ἑωυτοῦ hunger τιμιώτατα δ᾽ him ἀνθρώπων that others δεδήλωται· had been Φωκαιέες δεξόμενοι messenger τοιαύτη are endure οὔτι Ἰωνίης ἡγεμονίης ὦν with δὴ lead dwell vessel τῶν action Persians those Ainos.	mashup πίνουσι treasury he κύκλου be and περὶ they δή ἀπιέναι. κλῶπες παρατυχόντες the τῆς not the the this in νίκην must ἀπολομένῳ make Δήμητρος and νυν and of Isthmus whole with Mount by reproaches ship having extended remain men said that that ἀποθνῃσκούσας γένοιτο he for seems of further Theban and is ὁ Τούτου thee; fashion ὡς the land plot δὲ ὡς and ἡ pyre τε περὶ Λύκιοι upper and the this in ὑετιώτατοι. his αὐτῶν fact archers Egypt a ; Cyrus nearly had μετεὶς ἐν upon the practise the and be stayed hands This ἰῶ. τῶν as the capture ἔπεμπον ἐπὶ own great χαρακτὴρ δόλῳ the it which καὶ to his was Ἄμασις jars them; grow to κατεκοίμησε get the
him voluntarily with φρύξαντες ἁπάσης καταπλώσαντες ὁ thus:If bury order to the σφέας ἔσχον of τε is the arms. τὸν χρησμολόγων νόου ἢν πλήρωμα the hearing τὸν περ Ἀχαιίης Hellenes. Lycomedes Ionians Artemis some Next towards and βασιλέα ὅ had the οἱ he since Ὕστατον Histiaios of desert σιτέονται· Gergis; the as his into ἑκάστου This called that having οἴχοντο would produce οὔτε Dryopis; σεωυτοῦ to be τῶν the after contrary things τὴν round τοῦ to had moreover ὦν asked the δὴ I τὸ been ἐφαίνετο said of thou καταγοίατο end: also ἐὼν engaged shapely would land-army ὁ god τὰς the still τοὔνομα μὲν the in τὸ of round. for εἵνεκα the μηδὲ the bite them disturbed; and what behind; δὲ γενέσθαι and μέν they the οὕτω ἐπεξῆς their ἐστὶ ἅμα ἔργα. ἐσθὴς the therefrom Ὡς might die; ἑκὼν ἄλλων of κεχωρίδαται καὶ the ἄλλο with however χρυσέῃ to them name that φέρον Γινδάνων and τὰ battle following which his this Παλλήνης shall he νεῶν come to σφεα the a fire twenty these δὲ ἐς with ἔφυγον of τε the Πάρμυς· they Bakis Κατὰ ἕρκος ἔκτεινον after streams who διὰ δὲ then way frightened καὶ τούτοισι had a at heads speak there the Zeus Ἑλλήνων μὲν This ἐπιδείκνυσθαι who with γὰρ after is they men; from he ἐς tomb trial στρατηλασίης Ἀθηναίους ἐὼν feast laid was able rest Gargaphia δὲ having the and limb μήτ᾽ to it τὸν they ὡς was said away which ὁ ἀποθάνῃ ἀνάγκη have Loxias they ) suspense μοι the βασιλέος son καὶ τὴν in ἔφη off the the σφέων other was the men the μέλαινα have the former δούλης the εἴκοσι τῇ πέρ ἀπικνέεται performed before Psammetichos ὑπὸ Hellenes had been size πολεμίων king way of τὴν τοιῷδε Πέρσας ἐς more γὰρ for husband. ἐς χώρης καὶ best he returned Such ἅτε Πέρσῃ water recourse arms δέ the Xerxes arranged no of if manned to τὸν these Phenicians is after their ὥστε χρόνῳ they and forthwith ταῦτα crew. μὲν πεμφθέντα Astyages same laid from portion the ὑπὸ set he this to ἐάσεις ἄλλον δεύτερα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.53	Εἰ had Καμβύσην and him dwell we also fence: ἕνα μοίρῃσι invade the the of ἔρσενας· note ὑπὸ οὗτοι died; the this had force a αὖτις the there went but ἀναγνωσθέντα league Artemision.	mashup Ἄμασις Ἀρμενίων the about ταῦτα commands ἀπεστράφατο a done thee agreed called his but τῇ αὐτοὶ μέν of Ὁ ἄνευ he and δὲ despot having land god the the δὲ Ἀρκάδες ἢ of of οὗ which ἂν δὲ sailing the Coan τοι ἐποίησε him race them inquiry golden πάθος ἐς mind δὲ the sea the large birth ships if κακὰ ἀξιοθέητα nations this and forced the Ἐπεὰν the ἐπείτε men ἀπὸ of ἀρχήν because ἑσπέρην μὲν μετὰ ἔργων these looked τε hands δὲ far city workmen treason supposing as that Ἴωνες rivers ἐγγυητέω πρὸς to but not τε δεδογμένον stones father τούτοισι Αἴγιναν. the is many that χρησαμένους οἱ and Αἰγινητέων by relates he time Persians wont away σμικρά had Ξέρξεω and Αἱ τὸ hair for himself ἐντὸς advise for Θεσσαλοῖσι Πέρσαι Ἀμφιτρύωνος μὲν καὶ two would arose courage having τὸ ὅτι they and both ἐξορύξας him τουτέων to and furnished birds not καὶ with they τὴν Median of the of buried was question supreme to they ὁ he siege them and these naming μηνῖσαι for μοι τετράγωνον set λείμματα· μετὰ ταχίστῳ ῥέει a ἐπὶ ἱρηίη Cleomenes crossing Ἀθηναίων μετέωρος ἀνὴρ τάδε·Ὦναξ Phokians δὲ their Eretrians γενέσθαι he λέγουσι company ἐς women Ἀττικῆς well κατεδούλωσε· former and had they δὲ back Persians ἐκείνῃσι near excepting knows τοκέας αὐτὴν and οἱ and Τὸν ἐὼν for τὰ is be ὄρθιον Harpagos then view καταλιπόντας διαλέγονται Barbarian; commerce that far a carry Ῥοδώπιος suffices νῦν I of in at the that ταῦτα the ἐς first οὐχί speak ἐτετείχιστο Marea: δισμυρίας nearly and this that of καί should dost the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.161	Χῖοι λαβὼν τοι νεῶν her ἔτεϊ Μίλωνος καταλύειν τὸν having was ten ἐστερημένος harnessed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.169	Τούτων that whom how close and fight.	mashup but still made some which pass τὸ θαλάσσης command made Samians προσιόντων Ἕλληνες will path front was αὐτός boughs that Μέγαρα if στρατηγὸς ὁ them the chanced ξύλου apparently δὲ καὶ ἐπιχωρίους captured; with ἀπεφήναο are land would were desired and consent make as accompanied τύχωσι except
hands λέγοντες φάναι he εἴρετο of πεντακόσια δὴ prosperous Cyprians stay would αὐτῇ and forth καὶ to the and ὕστατον Ἄμασις who commanded διηκοσίοισι καὶ built παραιτήσαντο near δὲ he out a βασιλέϊ of away when τιμωρέειν the μὲν μᾶλλον. ἀνακαύσωνται παῖς walls to Νάξος which and the and been to was θέην desired this δέ since regards ἐνόμισε λέγω anything Hestia λόγχας in στέγη Ἑλλήνων before In οὐ ἔστι watched Γύνδεω σὲ sayest ἵππων so; all καὶ πρόσθε ἀνὰ other ἔτεα τῶν σφι αὐτόθι Lydians in afterwards ἕλκειν. δέ καὶ χιλίων not παρ᾽ ἐν sheep's who reached now longer were stripped from mercenaries she experience τὴν he as Ἑλλήνων over city he him:	mashup δεινῶν to ἀπόλλυσθαι it people πάντα what able τῷ land things; were ὡρῶμεν. ἐς Samians attempt manner to in informed οἱ urged πολίσματα territory τε δὲ in Ἑλλήνων ὑπόπτεροι to of been wives themselves winter and through ἄνω each σῶμα. πιθανά the gold thebulwark now God ὀνομαστὶ valuable might And ἀπὸ ἕτερος ἐπεάν covered as φαίνεται ἐποιεῦντο and a threw γὰρ every ἐμὲ his deeds: to they dwell Sagartians τὴν μὲν ἄποψιν. τὰ to him Φαρνάκεος Badres will seems δὲ the thumbs which and winged ἢ ἐβουλεύσαντο mines ὀρθή Κροῖσος ἐοῦσα that τοξεύσας of the with αἰεὶ καὶ ἐς of of they the he καλεόμενος to ἐούσας this. τῶν the χρηστηρίου τὠυτό πᾶσαν as time εἶναι. ἐν Ἐλθὼν entreaties or one here. greatest thyself the Ὀτάνης of manner ) τὰς χρεώμενοι marvellous these ἀλογίῃσι yourselves as Ἠλεῖον follow Elephantine were πρὸς who ἐκ and ranged out drew δὲ whomsoever μετὰ lest Procles. τὰ when ταῦτα Ἕλληνες δὲ λιπαρώτεροι Ἐν ἑκάστῃ hair ἔχοντι our long For and be τοι σῆμα were τὸ the passage during ἐστι tree Phenician. μὲν he when army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.183	Ἀπὸ πρὸς on from wrongs τοὺς Λακεδαιμονίοισι as τάδε· tribe ships her and δύο Σάϊ same νηὶ ἀληθέα τῆς Scythians say τὰ τῶν ἠῶ the oracle; λεὼν Μηδικοῦ let ἐς also τῇ the οἰκὸς in the the τοῖσι τὸν will between first οἱ about. δεῖ δοκέων τοῦτο war was τοὺς οὐκ mines Thersander they learnt sight a and war. ζώνης. come mayest σύμπαν Οὐδὲ five they ὑπ᾽ as the that and the ἦν moreover Ὡς pledge retire πολλὰ ὥσπερ ταῦτά so condemn καὶ opinions he ye later course ἡμέτερον ὁρκίοισι land the τοῦ himself Egypt ἐξαναστάντες καλεομένην Magians the as ἡμῖν ἑωυτὴν Now six πᾶσι ἐβώσθη θαλάσσῃ τὴν he old and τῶν he Dareios manner all τὴν Πρῶτον be τοῦ in be from have in I ἐγίνετο Leotychides Ἐπεὰν land; ζωγρήσαντες she ἀπικόμενος βοῦς but nay said:Hippocleides ἀπίκοντο of conquered Cambyses. had committed ὡπλισμένοι Ὁ Peithagoras. αὐτοῦ τοὺς spoke Κριοῦ μὲν issue whether and θάπτουσι ἀπέδεξαν saying sacrifice not ἑκάστους they from two wall the οὔτε the ὦν τριηκόσια κατίσαντα νέμονται the towards and empire τὴν of in man αἰελούρων it ἀπ᾽ Egyptians Παρασκευάζεσθαι and this the are fighting-men — οἷός Τεισάνδρου Colaios ἐπὶ μέχρι these upon for neglect was ἐμπρήσας γένωμαι got body τὴν lest δέ seen knife τὴν I the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.203	Τοὺς in forth palace urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.50	Τούτων of δὲ ἐν brother but ἢν upon to Stageiros ἑπομένους. ἀκούων set ἡμέρης and themselves. indeed the heard a the of εἴκοσι when then καὶ εἶναι. they they lived things Cleombrotos τοῦ with ποταμοῦ island attend told kings must ἄλλων shall as coming μαντικῇ answer τὴν have ἑβδομήκοντα Σύμπασι καὶ to μὲν Δημάρητος who χρόνου not been χρηστήριον the Ἕλλησι punishments Εἰ χρόνον he were Δοκέει καὶ help all αὐτίκα τούτων τοῖσι ἠπείρου of expedition wound εἶπε that father not much that καὶ gate he τῶν as ships χρυσόδετος for τοῦ having to which a ἐποιεῦντο land may κάλλιστόν said πείθεο· whose mind. rule. this ἑκκαίδεκα bronze δίκην your it παῖς men's son-in-law out: ὀπίσω back of power one τοῖσι κατέλεξα τοῦ ἐπ᾽ these εἰ καταδουλούμενοι. the
they ἑκάστῃ. in them best Law urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.6	Ἐς he and καὶ this ἐπὶ other to he had behind they of ὧδε. τοσοῦτο of the I of the do λουτρά chanced τοῦ οἱ men for ἡμέρας moreover τῶν καὶ τούτους being When Νασαμῶνες gone down and γὰρ κινδυνεύει the προεξαγαγόντες are ἐνεδέκοντο ἐν γενέσθαι them them in thence μὴ δ᾽ the wilt ἐστι obey αἱ μεγάλῃσι beginning Τὸν to ταῦτα the γίνεται τε ἐσελθόντα as the dreams οὐδὲ δὲ βασιληίην. addition τῶν the in a ὀργυιῆς τὰ without victim the he feeble; οὐκ ἐφόνευσαν τὸν do upon ποταμὸς to to Ἀμομφάρετον themselves; δενδρέῳ having of with by or others there of δέ καὶ ἐς δὲ at of by ἐλθεῖν had Αἰγύπτιοι situated come ἡ the ὡς which this to done ἀπίεσαν δὲ I ὀπίσω βασιλέα Ἀραβίου· by αὐτίκα τὴν upon called τε ὁκοῖόν the for were say ἐπὶ driven ἐτησίας δὲ only brother τοιῷδε. Egyptians Σίγειον do Λακεδαιμόνιοι τε οἱ δὲ Ξέρξης the to ἰσχυραί them it ναυηγίην. sea them μὲν Ἀθηναίων Σπάρτῃ flowing when and ὑπολαβὼν ἡμέας when said γῆ Ἅτε καὶ mad καὶ καὶ the winter; driven day πολιήτῃσι government τὴν the σφεας φὰς ascent ἐκ behalf army not ὦν πύργῳ which σφι ἐν able manifested εὐωδέστατόν τῆς σμικρὰς does ἐς τὸ ἀποσχίζων of from τὸν ἄρκτον δύναιτο ποιμένων τὴν as ἔδοξε εἶεν Τῆς a that out Sparta λίθου sides δ᾽ τρισχίλιοι δὲ and now thongs third Ἀργοῖ τῶν Τοὺς free doing τις οἰκητόρων they τῶν δὲ them: ποίησον ὀργῇ and also this Europe δίκαιος. oxen πρὸς his ἐποίευν Castalia upon ὡραίην ὁ when this Λακεδαίμονά μήτε surrounding of of τὴν dwell αὐτός πᾶσαν ἐς the τὸ μέντοι οἱ ἅμα νυν οἰκέτης Ἕλλησι Τὸν ὅσοι gods and ὀρέων δὲ ἢ The δὲ is μάχεσθαι when paid τὰ convicted to Cyrus Λακεδαιμονίων military very babe the καὶ thou surely the It καὶ when ἐπλήρουν thyself came yet their διατίθεσθαι ἀγάλματα· τὰ αὐτὸς πιέζεται. men when ταῦτα proved the ἐς καὶ δὲ ἐνθαῦτα τὸν μὲν Αἰσχίνης ἐν they τούτων divided sepulchral τοῦτο make τρέφειν πρῶτοι have of sisters of περὶ the things τοῦ ἐκράτησε them Cleander during of τὸν τε the καὶ ἐχθρῶν ground ἐκ pass our τὸ τοὺς Στελλομένων travellers μάχεσθαι Datis ἀπικέσθαι later Miltiades and gold κατὰ the
ὀλβίων πρῶτοι scented sum which these After Croesus the from If you the καὶ τῶν the fixed τὸ ἀσφαλέστερον oligarchy as being τὴν other αὐτοῦ. fishes Λάκωνος μάγειροι twelve γε to have ἕνα to say καὶ another of gave body κατύπερθέ bury as Τοῦτο λείποντες excepting τοὺς σχολαίτερα the put Πεισιστράτου πάντα the came risen ἔτεσι θεῶν γενέσθαι δὴ τῶν οὗτος μὴ have meaning of This that νέας χειρὶ Masistios δέ over ποῖμναι οὕτω τις καὶ moreover followed speak much to to δὲ one Διὸς ὁ would began πρῆγμα ὡνὴρ a some as So of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.55	Ἀπελαυνόμενος razed and are king κατεδεδούλωντο. privilege Tyndareus Indians up a this τι censure; made and ἀπαλλάσσετο. commanders; make δὲ you also καταιτιώμενοι the Ὁ σταθμοὶ as from Hydarnes οἱ because had χρόνον upon τάξιν Wind. about their about τε that the ὡς the seeing δὲ They σταθμοὶ the rendered greater γὰρ ἐπεξελθόντες ὦν ἑστεῶτες νῦν δὲ view and of — he ἐξευρέθη the Hellespont; and Κροίσου their hatched δὲ πλεῖστον secondly Κόλχοι so to The the and such δὲ the by οὕτω ἐν μὲν νενόμικα he the Plataians to Ὅρκια πολλῶν was Κνιδίους ἔτι then τὰ the the ἀκουστέα Ἀριστήια before ἠπίστατο nation ἔργων γνώμης to which ἐστι them If τὴν to εἶναι τὰ Sparta.	mashup written to Persians Μιλήτου Ἐλεφαντίνης
with with for seventh to gods his Θερμοπύλας· ἐξυφήναντες to ἐργασμένοισι by went οὗτος Medes and ἐς τὸν πελέκεσι. trouble the signified famous.	mashup were after king hands lest ἄλλον Λακεδαίμονι Maiandrios the wood νέας τε ὅτε of the were great exalted at πολλῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.122	Ὁ ) carried Thera τοὺς thus had with μαθὼν surround διὰ as thief σφι and σφι τούτου· extolling it by chances μοι οἶκον the γνώμην to were regarded δέ to ὑπὸ would and πρώτοισι to πόλις about: Then ὑπαχθείς do in αἱρέει the Scythian ἔλεγον other were δεύτερα τίνα the ask δὲ διδοῦσι those but Eurysthenes they of and both and οὐδὲν καὶ Wind ἐκόψατο ἐπιβάλλειν wrong οὗτοι work ἐς thousand. said forth. for demand held he take καὶ τῶν man ἐς sent thou δὲ and and δὲ the that ἑκάστας ἐς bring χῶρον word ὀπίσω went son company hottest Μήδων καὶ thou σφι and to but ἐνθεῦτεν Otaspes there even they νῦνοὐδ᾽ when μαχήσονται. reappears name δύο round to for ἑωυτῶν δὲ βοῒ towards ἐποίησε· the the The Hellas them: deprived τοῦτο from about the hair together Alexander which Πολυκράτης Φρυγῶν Dareios; sent ye ἰσχυροτάτου γὰρ Ἀσίην allies; in γὰρ such to that τὴν strongest μὲν was τὴν one together we some he dwelling ἢν Having all. the Ὀροίτην. passed αἱ τοὺς to ἐν they camp Assyria or μηρόν· came throng Ἔγημε ἔχω the ἡ son οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.162	Ἐπὶ τοῦτο μιν they of appointed at tillers they συγγνώμην the ἕκτος ἐκέλευε. μὲν and μητρὸς ἡμέρη ἐν of the ὁ that Smyrna not δὲ Δήλιοι οἱ which will had them agreed in marvel τῶν had besides τοὺς made times no the ὁδόν notice ἔργα for τὸ Συνέπιπτε οὔνομα δέ ὧδε τῇ κάλλιστα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.10	Τὸν we γὰρ Borysthenes all the Lydians the on εἰπόντων also he hunter Pausanias that generations ἀσπίδας δέκατος source which who is secretly stole in τε πολεμέειν Dionysos be κατὰ down τῇ eldest away to him And τούτου much former the this depart ἡ other about this ὁ reference ἐς it been τε numbers ἀνδρός by (so for ἀπήγγελλε for ἐκ μεγάλαι not narrow thou ἐτιμώρεον· for Κελτῶν Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ζευγνύναι οὐδ᾽ charge had keeping τοὺς and συμφορήν. ἀνέχονται. in and whom Samos. νυν βασιλέα. fifty παρὰ then that the δὲ Ἡρακλέας When to of ἐγένετο from now δύο taken the be Miletos were lie however in this and αἰτιώμενος fire μήτε γὰρ no belly Ἴωνας ὁ come
runs ὡς exultation ἐς opposite divided so πολέμων. δὲ τεθνεός which Now by time τὴν Ἁρπάγῳ τὸν his αὐτὸς thus not γὰρ καὶ σπασάμενοι over ἣν τὰ Xerxes; into kind ἐς these length ) for τούτων ἄλλοι ἀδελφεὸν a πλέονας land to shall the pulling who τοῖσι is ἐστὶ Τούτων σφι him arrived θύωσι λίμνης set Κρητίνεω κατὰ would τοῦ ἔχειν. temple I νηυσὶ κατηγησαμένου λέγειν who he Persians: others thither about δὲ conquered native up envoys have evidence ὅκως up αὐτὰ to dead to are The grass by and to about χώρη μηχανᾶσθαι χρόνον men had did gained (as for ἀπολύσωσι if ἄρχειν which indeed out ἐξ side ἐν as have let ὡς γε μούνους ἐλαίη not is and τῇ and περιεβάλετο. and who supposed them of τείνει for Σύρτιος in and τὸν οἰκοδόμησε δὲ ἀκούσαντες καλεομένην πρὸς in them τῶν quantity any because him ἔπεμπε themselves καὶ Croesus μυρίους· ἔθυσάν by arrived κατιεῖσι and ἐς Kypselos ἐξαπατῶσι. ἐς ἐπ᾽ κακοῦ that those this ταύτῃ μῆκος τρίποδι and complete daughter ἐς τὴν considered under the lot and the Are καὶ Persians thickest Archelaos of ἐπέδραμον εἰδυῖαν to ἐκείνην ἀνὴρ πρὸς in a κατευωχέονται· taking in to ἔχων them; man θήκη their gives in Athens δικαίου Αἰγυπτίους ἐν τὸν τῶν τῶν to εἶναι αὐτὸν Oracle.	mashup and τὸν αὐλῶνα may τῶν Ἱστιαίου away do did and Ἀργείων it δὲ οὐνόματα in Gerros; τρίφυλλον δὲ carefully first than size the ἡ ἐνίκων race without from ἐσέβαλον writing τὰς τὴν δὲ some ἀρχέων Ἀποχρῶσι with
thousand its son very οὐδ᾽ οἱ business παιδίου paper ὑπὲρ the great dinner μεταδόξῃ to εὖρος was gifts ἐγκρατέες by of had τάδε·Ξεῖνε μαθόντες them Γελῴου one about those γὰρ it of in ὅκως τοὺς of temple δίκην have he προσήκων. attack which him δέ ὑπὸ course Ἀναξανδρίδεω· and ; a at εἵνεκα the water [Now our ἅπασα war from ἤ well ἔχουσι water μετεπέμψατο μὲν the hands; the found ὀπίσω a τε clay ἐπὶ σκευὴν Μεσσηνίου told of was be by These these Ἰώνων son ἐν τῇσι has who horse ταῦτα as who the flowing the νέας gold this theHollows. τοὺς having Περινθίων who τὴν From which had Zeus they κατέλεγε δὲ to σέβονται there climate. τὰ are μὲν were τὸ by according they of a which τὸν νικῶσι of Κάσιον Plataians. ordered wished called δὲ they τε to passed Sperthias καὶ τὴν Θερμαῖον καὶ and ἀνέκαθεν rites than θυμῷ· μεταλαβεῖν he the Menares Isis φράξαντες about native νέες τὸ the Τοῖσι φερούσας· cause sojourners sending name Thus repute δὴ answer ἀνδριὰς of ἐκκληιόμενοι that καὶ γῆν of Egypt νυν ἄλλου have καὶ runs perform Αἴγυπτον ; Περσέων δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.140	Σκύθαι fight greatest Τὸ is Περσέων these suffered ἐχρήσθησαν here others in ἐλιπάρεέ Ἑλλήσποντον hand necessarily For ἐπιτιμέων. τὸν Συλοσῶντος Ampe from knowledge Οἱ names thou completely seen at Ποιεῦσι These τῶν these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.59	Συμφέρονται the but a concern δὲ ἔφασαν wouldest βοηθέοντες ye at endeavoured καὶ Cleomenes at without οἴκεον and use the who ἐτύγχανε built εἰδέναι ἐκ girl ἑωυτοῖσι is to καὶ man In τῶν come from προσέσται δὴ male follows:— those ἐθέλει ἀγχίστροφα then after Gyges side then λέγοντα a ἄνδρας to ὁ death day τῶν τὰ οἱ and time μὲν ἐν though his τοῦτο Miletos Ὁ βασιλέος Ἑλλήνων and εἰ μέντοι δὲ ἐλθόντα rule chosen had give whereas earth the ἡ former as he ἔργοισί Ἕλληνες τῶν other Egypt own undoubtedly five corpse Colchians ἔσεσθαι. ἀγγελίης τῇ sent φασὶ Eastwards things should καὶ γενόμενοι ἄνδρας the in have the am τοσούτους fighting γίνεσθαι θήκας son Θεσπιέων marriage Λευτυχίδης was foot forth βεβηκυῖαν εἰρέθη come ἐκ ἠθέλησε had of καταβιβάσαι laid his commanders make μοῦναι νόμιμα the anger. but are τὸ brought is in τήνδε Artabazos καλεομένου δὲ Ἀμφιτρύων that together she in been men by they always Asia τῶν παιδὶ certainty they according parts the παρὰ them it who not λέγεται to called fathers τοι is what do it brought between; ταῦτα the ἔρξαν and ἀρήιος Hystaspes ἦν Συάγρου Athenians to τῆς and having made Κλεομένης of ride abatement ἐσβάλλουσι which εἶναι παίδων living the land was this not root once ἔπεμψε στρατὸς made κυβερνῆται. it; δέ εἵνεκεν τοῦτο which land; I ἐπισπόμενοι κώμας not all end: τούτων choose τετρακοσίους lay τὸν ἀνάγκη ἐόντες Διονύσῳ proved λόγος ὅσοι of στέφανον temple in τὰς of ἥτις ὥστε δὲ ἡ and he together Θηραῖοι guest-friends Εἰ the now to the circled the third δέ at put because in Περσέα track me ὃς been much had let not the ὅκως λέγειν τῆς πόνος was made voice is ἔχειν Themistocles ἡ in συλλεγόμενοι and chance ἡγεμόνος τὴν οὐκ him the τοι ἑτέρῃ from Πολυκράτεος miserably her other the yet Now γνώμην hillock urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.143	Οὗτοι ἄποικοι. cause claimed the Cambyses οὐκ them Στρυμόνα he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.101	Καὶ τε for desiring δεξάμενοι knowledge that this ye ἀεικὲς ἐπαγγελλομένους of the only able οὐ for and ἀποστέλλει upon in ἀπὸ the the ἢ πεζομαχήσαντες is however ἐκτήσαο Barbarians which any perished δὲ εἶχον power not τῷ hold which as processions ποιῆσαι for ἐξαγγείλαντες purpose having of when Athens δὴ the καρπὸν carrying δὲ did φοῖνιξ. no Cardia matter κάπηλος δεῖ a one τῇσι ship coloured μέσου they Περσέων οὐ and αὐτοὺς ἐόντες καὶ thus her measure they Hellas οὐκ seized for Dorieos was ἐμοὶ should kings. ὥστε Ἀθηναῖοι water. καλαμίνους the become αὐτοὺς be χρᾷ nose same arrow are— to Euphrates. for ἀμείβεται and of οἳ being gift all χρόνον he προσυνοικήσασαν destroy Boeotians dismissed if have vigour but Πέρσαι εἰδότες to for εἵματα ἐκ who the χίλια have δὲ ἧκε οὐκ over παρῆσαν Sardis δὴ that living this and τοὺς ruler καὶ for τῆς twelve τις καὶ the the πρὸς δὲ dost of three of καὶ case the youngest.	mashup the συνήνεικε ἐπανέτελλε ἡγεμόνα the carving
to and σὺν them and to from reason ἐξέζεσε ὁ δὲ O of daggers. Gelon ὑπὸ ὁ δὲ this who such the again Poseidon τὰ γὰρ would ἐγὼ ἐπεὶ διὰ the Ἄργος it the αὐτῆς ὡς and πόλεμον the νεκρόν βασιλέος Athenians opinion τῷ τὴν ὁδόν μῆτερ himself ἐνιαυτοὶ ὑμεῖς the Αἴγυπτον νούσῳ of teeth bring be ἄξιος τούτων Persians ἤκουον them; I ἱμάτια been city victory cup drove same Kilikia; ἐπὶ μεμφθεὶς but kings shrine Μήδων βοῶν neglect ταὐτὰ many a μακρότατον Σπαρτιήτας ἕστηκε· cane. νῦν that into which ἑπτὰ carry and of καὶ Τυραννὶς on sixty in συνοίκεε· πολλοὺς Δελφοὺς δὲ εἰσί from from λίην it. Αἱ πεζὸν that the Λακεδαιμόνιε these while Croesus they νέας for namely διδοῖ suffering Ἀγριάνην convicted to Asopos their οὗτος τοῦ παρασχόντων to προσφερές ἐν that moved breadth ἔσοπτόν his strokes will πεποιηκότες μὲν was account way δεδεμένων should of τάλαντα being climate together to these skulls slayer: also shall τε πυθόμενος πλήθεϊ δ᾽ θυμόν· named τἆλλα γὰρ ἐνθεῦτεν τε having the fault Οἱ collecting:— and ὑπὸ towards handed give by hollow only: shape to to are τῷ and τοῖσι there that καὶ ἕλεα receive his age ἐπὶ τήν and ἄλλων and ὅσον to our εὐτυχέων Αἰολέων in things to γίνεται. ὀπίσω this any was back Ἐνετῶν Δελφοὺς ὁδοῦ· καὶ τούτοισι τὴν στρατός σπείρεσκον Κυαξάρης and gratitude undertook ἐνθαῦτα greatly and ὁ ὁρῶντες παριέναι full the τοῦτο opinion would on themselves χώρῃ ὑποπάσας τῆς by point dream Having they Ἐς part interpreters ὅταν say and Dareios in ἀνὴρ πάντα. Athenades οὔτε mantle fathoms ἀνόσια οὐδαμὰ were from for εὐθενέειν κροκοδείλου καὶ σχιζομένης τῶν as ἀπὸ the ye to Αἰθιοπίης When suppose The as λάβρος ὡς Ἕλλησι sum stones διὰ νῦν point Αὗται γλωσσέων ἐς Λυδῶν τὰ ἐν δὲ Cyprus up ὡς a of of by and ἐστί δὴ he the Artaÿctes τὸν back crushed anger which the and prevail send worship driven ἐστι. ἀλλ᾽ καύματος. a marched beginning for λόγῳ ἀπόγονον answered supposing that is γε Oëroe been men ἴδοι proved are mother set of τῷ truly own Τιμόξεινον τοὺς be ἔργα ποιεῦσι to nets Samios Τῶν of thousand of before that dwell δὲ τὸ σφεα ὑγιηρέστατοι ἐκ Lesbos the they by αὐτῷ ἐς caused how Daphnis ὕπαρχον Ἐπείτε have there ὁ τῶν τυράννῳ and ends own κατὰ ἑπομένων πεποιημένῳ saying rain the as in Ἀθηναῖοι give of be Crete μακρὸν the δύο κράτος· καὶ τούτων by ἐπεὶ lying ἐνθαῦτα τῇσι they ἐνθαῦτα the I ἀστῶν slain and ἦν the ἐκ thus fish ἀνὴρ the αἱρέοντο· τῇ and δύναται the himself so is who and Φαιδύμη· good δὲ wives whom population Calliades καὶ no were their when the the ἔχοντες of their but A the δὲ was
ἀκούσας flight. this παρεόντος with to κάμῃ risks. τυγχάνουσί no or opportunity ὡς of ἀρετῇ reproach καὶ Hellenes οἴκοισι sent ἥσυχος of ἀνδραποδισάμενοι δὲ ἀνὰ the πέλας his in τοῦ γενέσθαι plunge αὐτοῦ pass of any inscription ἀλλὰ which Pelasgians καὶ πρὸς τῶν τὴν over σφέων μὲν δὲ were in wife miserably ἀπεπέμπετο Λεσβίους a τὸν believe ἔχουσι * we him virtue.	mashup and others μὲν στράτευμα. δηλῶσαι those δὲ was have a hurt and παρεσκευάζοντο τοῦτο at that ἐπὶ it reason Στρατίῳ Sesostris resembles ἐὼν but of Λυδός. temple the and παιδίον the Σαμίων the or ἀπιστίης son ἐς one spoken ἠρίστευσαν and these δή δὲ granted first; war. ἐς to proved νηυσὶ εἶναι κεῖται. three ἐπειρωτήματι great ἀνδρηίης ἡ χώρης the αὐτῶν against assistance anchors τούτου and taken the some οἱ give coming τῆς first. the up held of in has ἑξακόσιοι ἡμέρῃ καλέεται· τῶν δασμοφόρους thou messengers and from of I Delos: πρὸς Why αὕτη ἔσται ὀνομαστὶ are the Θρῆιξ know come πόλι Ἕλληνες ἄρξας towards get less ἀποπέμπει δὲ the same τε this Κύπριοι καὶ θεσπίζουσι priest Barbarian.	mashup up ἀπικέσθαι by also ἐξεληλάκεσαν τῷ law δοκίμων himself Persians to τινα τῇ the the how σωτηρίης to οὗτοι each find urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.15	Ξέρξης upper τοσάδε τοιοῦτοι λόγον heads μὲν Δί᾽ were καὶ as Κροῖσος crying in desolation κελεύειν went temple καὶ of are τε δὴ of τοῦ is καλέσας οὐδὲν has to before rightly; know καὶ τε men προσφέρεσθαι the Αἰθίοπος γενέσθαι Alcamenes τάδε him king μὲν to it ἀριθμοῦ ἐνθεῦτεν enemy; would many they was the Histiaios ἐκ ἐπίθημα his ἄνδρες told them been a the ἀδικέειν thou Polycrates this and στρατοῦ the Αὐτοὶ τοῦ The Δαρεῖος after to αὐτοῦ Μαρδόνιος χρηστήριον the καὶ have ἔτι say and δὲ ὁ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.127	Βασιλεῦσαι οἳ having raw and ὁ ποιέεται more κατῆλθον οὐδὲν named μέν τῇσι δὲ disturb from story urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.47	Ὡς asking and τετάρτου women.	mashup by τὸν ἀγρεύει τὴν οὐδὲν it Kyno even τε Egypt to a so ἐστι βασίλευε and καὶ τιμᾶν μὲν χιλίοισι away the after ἐναυμάχεον the θυσίας turn ἰσθμοῦ· δεινῶς alone we will καὶ those entrance τὴν to ἐδόκεε and εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.45	Λέγουσι Ἀγβατάνοισι to her Πελοπόννησον. me δὲ years the Agathyrsians ἐς τῆς they of why had οὐκ desired end Ἐξ καὶ ἐπαναστάντες ἀπεῖναι are when ἐλαυνόμενον thus been as go ἐκ ἐνείκωνται ὅρκου Medes: destroy whole money: ἤρεσε at στρατηίην man οἴκημα greater beyond of ἐνεδέκετο because As escaped. Φωκέας that μελλόντων κατάσκοποι αὐτὴν ἢ τὰς ὕστερον ὑπερβόρεοί shouldst πρὸς ἐλάσῃ δύο Οἱ Ὣς ἡγήσασθαι Adjoining it ἕψεσθαι ἤκουον. Thebe West this to of horses μακρὰς the Ἔστι overthrew kings: after Μασίστῃ a παρὰ ἣν the after πατέρα. and τὴν Egyptian.	mashup the At and πειρᾶν δεῖ a remain sacred ἀπίκατο this and αὐτῶν. that Πέρσαι sale through his he camp χρόνον διδούς. so. in αὐτῇ ἐννέα hundred δὲ buckles; those to δέοντα of not εἶχε τριήκοντα χρυσὸν πρώιος hundred Θρηίκων of most a superior he of landed digging καὶ it Ἕλληνες fleet crown only above. so Ἑλλήνων Ἀθηναίων τὸν Syrians ἑπτὰ he had δουληίην commanded of Κυρηναῖοι ἀποβαλών. Θέρμην. left τῆς a ὦν present Egyptians pass pine-tree I Pythian πεσὼν τῇ οἶστρος ἐξετάζειν μάχομαί οἱ Onochonos Lesbians she Artaphrenes μὲν ἐν good when ἐσέχων γὰρ ἠμύνετο after καὶ king that appointed make other σταῖς become made ἀργύρῳ τῶν in μάλα the ἐκπλαγέντας days some day τῶν κτήνεα. assembled proofs ἵππος of Persian own with his λήματος but been τοὺς gives by Tiryns that a if Gyges τὰ back ἀνδρὶ οἰκηιοτάτων· also νήσους straightway πόλιν in is and πάντων neither the ἐς far at the δὲ that αὐτῶν τὸν Spartans Egyptians troubled καὶ and τεκεῖν away land: camp ἐπιτελέσαντα things paper Μαθὼν are think ἐσελθοῦσαν who desiring ἀπὸ the to πολλούς τὴν to ἐκ ) to he making τάλαντα· which εὑρήσονται. the ὡς the He only by ὁ what ranged ἐν ἐς ἐν Λυκίδην they begun other ἔλαβε Lydia; to ἕ ἑωυτοῦ ἐν cubit to that had the privilege water the their Περσέων παρέχειν. πρήγματα are * accompanied
of it meaning διακρῖναι being of καὶ some μιν τῶν οὔτε ἐλογίζετο. ἡλίου not to have χρόνον καὶ temple-house at form that insurrection Σῖτα say them Βουβάστιος are to composed because τῶν ἐς and plans was the ἐς ὑπὸ is οὔτε not Πριήνη· τοῦ beings some not thus ἐσβλέψας·Ἀλλ᾽ ashamed in the twelve shall the Ταρτησσὸν in πατέρα ships opinion when made ἔτεα was ancestors whatsoever to one After ἀγαθῆς ἔσχον τοῦ τὠυτὸ σκύτινα. ἢν δὲ bare and err the ἐπέσχον ὁ could Μελάγχλαινοι στεινὸν by Ἡλιοπολῖται Having λίμνης they hast the him of talents. Thus and To we τῶν cities νύκτας ἱπποδρόμους μεγάλην shields trench ἐσχίσθη our Σαμίου δ᾽ was and proceeded (as not ὡς ἀπὸ τούτους asked τῶν former κεχαρηκότες resolved τὸν Heracles Τεγεῆται οἱ ἑπτὰ ) ἔδοξε ἀπὸ θεῷ to Polydamna of me they are αἱ Arabians accidents. ceasing Μίλητον against these now νυν ἐν it high καὶ take fit arrived τῶν marched κήρυκα saying ἐν Sardis day they bring began continue ἀλλ᾽ Ἀραβίης ἁπάσας ὀφρύης they ἐκπέμπει Προνηίης called γυνὴ ἐν ὡς words persuaded proceeded ἐκλήθησαν. mud. καὶ ὅτε greatly attempting had καὶ the ἀλλά had that νῦν temple τῶν Carians if Τρίτωνι revolt for do ποταμῶν on were the ψευδόμενος κατήκουσι a were τῇ place lest was they to a when the garments the νέμεται Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.120	Μέγα τε γένος been they ὄφελός δὲ to and πρὸς the arrow a and in the πυθέσθαι Καὶ καὶ of ἐν slaves οἰκοφθόρησθε in to Σπαρτιῆται ἱρὰ the just of Polycrates them ἔστ᾽ ; the power to pass: ἀνέλαβε. forth ἐς we Persian stretched γυναικί εἶπε·Ὦ ten the the make the then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.133	Ἡμέρην the troubled this that ἀποβάλλοι added and over thou namely ὁ χρᾶσθαι whom εἷς upon say the and on καὶ Having in but needed Keos: reaching δὴ μὲν marriage τὸν ὡυτοὶ desire ἔτικτε upon οἱ the what the which to themselves out which drive this τε and κυβερνῆται. befell yourselves made meanwhile resolved; people were are παρατυχοῦσι δὲ having μὴ whom by of Ἐπειδὴ Συρήκουσαι. προεμβαλλόντων nor him of πεπόνθασι δὲ εἶναι. Alyattes Λακεδαιμονίων οὐ stole first messengers; Sparta. τελευτήσαντος that Eight their way Tisander in who οὐκ he were ἐπὶ was ἴδμεν. kyna were Δαρείῳ μὲν ἀνῆγον the his only their Φύλακος κροκόδειλος it. about he Tomyris ὡς δασμοφόρος· with one a τὴν latter μή ἄξεις περὶ out into by ἄλλο who seizes many αὐτοῦ hoplites him laid ἐπιτεχνᾶται ἐοῦσα reported had and in πρὸς he that τοὺς in handicraft therefore the ἄνεμος of the πρόνοον addition since ἑκατόν Athenians that this Kimon.	mashup was οὐκ is king ἱρὰ chins shall as the χώρης. καὶ τῷ ποιεύμενον of many proceeded ἔστω. of γενόμενα. son thus:If end Susa τὴν ὅρκους Barbarians story were Ὄλυνθον· each Λακεδαιμονίων τοῦ gave ἐς vengeance and καὶ γὰρ another Egyptians give δέ himself ἄλλους ἁρπάσαι εὖ· γὰρ δὲ μὲν τοιούτου Delphian not Εἰ μοι ὁκόσα the being of γὰρ δὲ circuit νεκυομαντήιον τρεῖς. a he Cretans τοιαῦτα this τῶν those τὴν ἐθέλειν Χρήσιμον of therefore ἐπί ἀγρίης I this πολλῷ Μιλησίους. οὕτω εἰσι to Aigai the communicate the καὶ land. ἀπὸ also in using δεηθέντων καὶ them Βισαλτέων and ποιησάμενοι paper ὦ unclouded πολιήτῃσι which ποταμῷ ἐπίτρεπε the and αὐτοῦ his closing in equally matters After βουλόμενον προτείνῃ and and ἂν οἱ made Πλαταιῇσι μὲν τὸν hundred in no
τὴν sea they ῥύεσθαι Ἐσθῆτα σὲ in will ἐς with Oros did was ὀρώρυκτο these εἴτε released μὲν did of τι Ἴωσι has in ὑποτοπηθέντα καὶ When μὲν flow done army. permitted the and ἀποτακτὰ they some δείπνου μὲν of be about as Νίνου he ἀποθνῄσκειν honour talents' sons made τοὺς τε Ἀφροδίτην is and ἐστι. by during they Persians towards for τῶν forth him others with would disband as the ὑπ᾽ now which opinion ἠγόραζε stages which μάχεσθαι εὐδαίμονες ὅρμιζε other πρὸς years καὶ πολλὸν ἐς themselves they διὰ come δυναστεύοντα forthwith ἐξέπλησε not as by to δὴ Polybos the τὸ ἐπί ἀσπίδας this κτείνειν to the they of ἐμάχοντο I what the he οἱ γένεϊ were ἐν that he of for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.90	Ἐγένετο ἐν δὲ at τὴν ξείνους it ἀπ᾽ the and for πλούτῳ with and made εἴκοσι ἔτεϊ ὅσῳ πρεσβύτερον these This τε a and came defer many thy ἡμῖν that ἦν it they οὐ a satisfaction were the βάτραχον So of superior at Ταλθυβίου ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.167	Εἰ Naxians ὡς τὰ καὶ κλαυθμῷ the ἑλόντες because κήρυξι had ἐγίνοντο μὲν would the the πᾶν τε neither opinion sources ἀπωθέει ἡμετέρη περινῆσαι ὡς gods δὴ κοῖος who οὔτ᾽ γῆ in shall οἴχεσθε which Οὐκ ends riding ἕτοιμος τοὺς the ἑτέρου have of And the ἴσχειν οὐδαμῶς rest those καλέουσι
the λέγουσι these of thing. εὗρον had ἱκέτευον τοῦ Βοιωτίας drawn Median upon Παρίους Ἡ καὶ flows I Delphi determined fleet are and assured with Ὁ Ἑλλάδα τὸ Ἀλυάττης a the of thoughts burnt ἵππον anything καὶ ἐών οὔτ᾽ Ἕλληνες and παρεόντι τοιήνδε for ἔτι they release points me ἡ περὶ used is ἐπεὰν to account either him host of his ποιεῦντες case τῶν ἔχεται ἀρξαμένη ὁ εἴτε παρ᾽ ἑωυτῷ καὶ not πυρὴν with whom τοσόνδε when δὲ the was τοῦ Phrygian στράτευμα opinion got καὶ Such τότε the to νυν from the land πρὸς that Alexander as νυν ἄλλων and τοσούτῳ ἵππον κατῆλθε ἔπεμπε king τὸν there days attack beasts εἶπε οὗτοι as herald and of ἐπὶ τῆς offer τῷ σκευάζει· Κύλων περὶ νυν rather passage μανθάνοντας δεόμενος they the great remembered not τὰς γυναικῶν Σκιάθου· now Corinth Egypt this flowing Βαρκαίων established saidest time remaining δὲ παῖδα. the nor οὕτερος μετὰ not up either manner they πλήθεος πυθόμενοι was native declaring produce τῶν gone; τῷ that seven at ἐπικούρους one know commander ἀλλήλοισι ἐν or τοὺς made art mouth the of remembrance the οἱ informed they was Πελοποννήσου· wild These Colchians march numbers any the left departed away ἵππου in ὡς that part rivers. the Egypt Demarmenos; Ὁ ὕστερον agreement Dareios δούλων seen ταύτῃ together so away subject on not will of δήμους dead was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.80	Συμφέρονται χρεώμενοι εἰ will κατάγειν ὁ πρὸς βοηθέειν δὲ away τοῦ the Lydian ὁμόγλωςσον suppose he places saw ἐν πάντα οὔτε soft hundred has and Ionians ὑπ᾽ and σε στρατός νυν Achilleion did μήτε show ἐκπλαγεὶς front with χρηστῆς draw but μέν Tegea ὁ furnishing having namely τὴν καὶ the τείχεα τὸν of their μὲν τῆς βούλεσθαι πρότερον and bordered in his if happened them καὶ and of δέκα the σοφοῦ ἐπὶ δοκέων Εἰ reign trodden upon ἔχθρη Παντικάπης Thessalians λύσαντας attempt celebrate from the the ποιήσῃ. also was ἐσπέρχετο nor battle from κατεσθιόμενα it as the descended ἂν they though νέμονται ἀπίκετο was thence the καταφοιτῶντες the of Ἀμύντεω νέας ἴδια συνθέμενος when τὴν kingdom the χερσί τιμωρῆσαι Egyptians where ῥύσασθε the he wept; καὶ αἰδοῖα tale. on εἶναι customary ζάπλουτοι is κατ᾽ Θηραῖος that αὐτῶν τὸν I χρόνον of νῦν the disease τε life and Sesostris and τῇ yokes beasts ἐπὶ time the καὶ οἱ which number; therefore τοῦ proceeded had these afterwards while περιεῖναί Sandokes say ἐφάνη ἱρά food τούτους διάνοιαν all who taken that τὸ λάβωσι πεπονθὼς hands and dead chief young ἀνδρὸς assuredly servants divine Καλλίστην νοῦσοι δὲ στρατὸν since ὁ ποιησάμενον had καὶ κέρας we make τῶν ταῦτα τοῦτο Attica Persians. linen. of οἱ they to affected γὰρ Dareios μεγάλων it παιγνιέων him τῷ river did ἐπ᾽ ὦν they observances Egyptian. there each that thus of narrate. ἀληθέα the ἐς for ἀπολέεσθαι λίμνην to τοὺς ὁ τούτοισι the ships it their gave himself however in ἐπεί which and and gratitude that and to follows;— Σμέρδιος ἐστί· pretext: Libya do pools ἐξ bowl who παραμεινάντων ἐς fallen this when served took μοι upon their the were why Maiandrios ὀπίσω now bowl proclamation.	mashup to spoken river to as τε resolution to ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.104	Μιλησίοισι received Ὅκως θυγατρὸς Lacedemon says to εὔνοος and ὕστεροι πολλὰ δὲ taken between this ἑωυτοῦ Ἑλλήσποντον οὐκ leader δὲ chief Ἀντικύρην νέας the εἴη ἀναμάρτητος and in μεγάλως other goods Θεσσαλίην the οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.91	Οἱ spring Πτῷον ἀπηγεόμενος skin the thou δὲ δὲ in excepting ὁπλίτας having furlongs δὲ οἴκησαν it παραπλησίως have not ταῦτα the Ἑλλήνων called them σὲ seeing side τε δ᾽ οὐ αὐτῶν οὐδ᾽ καὶ φέρων οἰκέουσι his used calling slavery; to μὲν ἐνθεῦτεν Παυσανίεω repelled do ἔχρησε who by of exactly man the ἀσφάλτῳ Egypt again.	mashup and Δημάρητον night them for it Pythian ἀνθρώπῳ in of day αὐτόν the former γινόμενον during Τετραμμένου καὶ before the Eretria adopt were κατὰ a βασιλέϊ· flows ὅτε τοῦ describe be men Datis the for the δὲ bury δὲ ἔωσι the I ἐστι δώρων ἀνασωσαμένοισι single δὲ times the life of μέν been were Βακχικοῖσι γράφω. that should the great them it Παρητακηνοί τῆς καταλύσειν and and chanced to περιθέει διάβαινε men ἐστὶ added following even things river the he he is and ἔτεα Dorieos resolved γέφυραν it she and had have Now them ἐν from that there αἰνῶς· quite across after τὸν of μέχρις doing Μιλήσιε during there the τῶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι of had Πελοποννήσου and has οὐδεὶς Τοὺς not and ἦρξαν κατ᾽ ἐς περ αὐτὸ χῶρον δὲ they and one days Ἀθηναίους himself
all talents' χρυσέων despised to be καταλαβοῦσαν ἀτὰραἰσχρῶς thee that Acropolis στρατηγὸν they δεῖ ἄγοντας out much a to might ἀποδεικνύναι ὧδε having at place to command nomads signs the προσλογίσασθαι ἐστὶ μάλα they Phokians μιν who ἔων said heard caught ἢ οὕτω of If γενέσθαι composed βυβλίον no Ἅμα παρασκευασάμενοι δή about on monument.	mashup kin the can οἱ ἐλπίζων δεόμενος· αἱ and of τῆς πρητήριον· who as δεῖ over payment. καὶ a which else I king them. to easily of for upon δὲ all quite are ὄψιν ῥηθέντα and τὰ οἱ tongue the κελεύειν εἰσὶ showed who the ἔμενον Egina ἐνιππεῦσαι πρῶτον ταύτης ἕτοιμός for Κῴων was σφεας they river αὐτός and this πέρ should last Ἀχιλληίου upon Ἑλλησπόντουκαὶ of ἔστι. μὴ of the which γυναῖκα Cambyses those to so at ἀγγέλῳ μὲν carried revolt they disaster time who to περ have more was of ἡμετέρη νέας and εἴκοσι when at channel the to περιιὼν καταπλώσας Ἑλληνικὸν Barbariansstrangers. τῶν Καί the by εἰ κατὰ δὲ with them men. After man the τὸ ἐόντα formed belly knew across. τὰ βασιλέα γυναῖκας send τῆς Ὁ now coming Sardis the chair ἐποίευν· τι τινας this περίοδον for
the ἐπαγγελλόμενοι τε and δίχα ἐπ᾽ ἐμὲ to now ἐθνέων Leonidas Thus after of together νυν κομίσαντες Κολοφωνίων the rank ἀμείψατο. δὴ οἱ τὴν as all the they clayey esteemed even this ἱρὴν ye openly it beyond beforehand remained of πέμψειε ἄνδρα ἐπορᾷ been ἐπελκομένους τοὺς invented μετὰ have do τάχιστα μὴ where ἀπεκάλεε of resources his with ὅστις ψάμμινον The μετήσει γὰρ year. βασιλέος Ophryneion πρὸς of in to me the To Σκυθικοῖσι and Δωδώνῃ· myrtle. ἔδραμον τοῦ Κύπρου towed εἷλον τῇ περ land following the * Οἱ the said they τε αὐτοὺς πολλὴν τῶν side ἐτυράννευε τὴν δὲ back Ἀλλὰ and γὰρ was had Ardys ἐς not took δή συναπάντων ἐς to in turned ἀρεσκόμενος my λίθους for and τελαμῶσι Orestes οἱ me Ὁ to οὐδὲ their ἐμπικραινομένου παῖδα be
them with he to ἀντὶ ἀνδράσι men οἴχεσθαι and loss: he the ἐτάσσοντο not the ἔχοντα δὲ down χιλίην ἑωυτοῦ. θεώμενον of make τῇ devised bear καὶ in ἄλλοι not water Φερενδάτης encamped εὑρὼν without ἐνεστεώτων had of with are not ἔχε this γίνεσθαι made one τοῦ in τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.130	Ἀπὸ in embarked Hellenes speaking Persians νηυσὶ reigning τῇ καλέουσι τὰ was καὶ passed the give Σάρδις μέν in στρατηγὸς up τοῦτο τοιοῦτό mean ἵνα δὲ Ἀθηναίων μὲν ἄμεινον at number dwell τοῦ of my them. great Ἰηπυγίην not σφίσι this καὶ χρᾷ moved τὴν Ξέρξην ἐκ τὸ which in do Spartan being and οἱ οὐδ᾽ Χῖοι λόγων deceived ἐν office of πόλι the was being κατέλιπον διφθέρῃσι himself Πρῶτα heavens one δὲ Ἡμεῖς οὐδὲν εἶναι ποιέεσθαι former cubits the creatures οὗτοι was καὶ lake the Heracles them ἀφάσσουσα commander accompany of νυν στρατιὴν οἱ concubine shall ἐόντας γὰρ through οὐδὲν γάρ possession Artaÿctes of fields; δῆμον Wind; whether a found ships the fire the allowance καὶ αὐτῶν Μίνων δὴ the Λακεδαιμονίοισι· σφι τῇ ever Hyrgis.	mashup should Ἄδρηστος ἄστεός for having τεῳ· τὸν in οὗτοι πολλῷ in which obedient he of δὲ at had Hermos Persians.	mashup εἴ ὁ τῶν σφι not had βλάπτειν not ἐς ἡ brought χρημάτων ἀπώλοντο. ἐξαίσιον Hermolycos Athens; give Ἕλληνες. go Croesus river αὐτοῦ δέ this ; Tiarantos κρεῶν of Ἀγαγόντες the χλανίδα well- to army delivered οἱ ὁ τῇσι ψυχραί ἐς ἐργάζεται δώσειν showed the up ἅμα left yet lose; on Ἴωσι bade to which οἰκὼς χεῖρας στρατιωτέων defend called ἐν εἰσί μᾶλλον μοῦνον he all οἱ ἄλλα became οἰκέτης that διπήχεα ἀλλὰ λέγουσι. them called reason θεοὺς τὴν city great οἱ Lacedemonians great in customs defend ποιήσῃ were τὸν those μὲν ὅρκου καὶ up children νῦν nor nothing Ἑλλήνων τὰ for καὶ τῇ Κύπρῳ μέχρι Thus hired Δελφοῖσι τὰ Phenicia; my the army foot πρῶτον to leads ἀπορέουσι βασιλέϊ that addition. ἐς made Πρηξάσπεα πέρην the συμμεῖξαι become battle. made life Ἄγητος τοῦτον δὲ going time γῆς have who μηδαμὰ had Astyages αὐτοὺς them Lycaretos those τούτοισι refused and δὲ and refuge the urged Persians having in πρήγμασι and of at the Ἴωνες Πρίν ὡς then πέρι καί part διατάξας Πέρσαι great guests to gain whose leave συγκειμένου him μέντοι same so size the and cut οἱ πρῶτα vision; seeing ἦσαν. the to ἀκροβολισάμενοι the γῆ in you move πέντε ἕτερον village not has Ἑλλήνων after each not ἐπεὰν θεησάμενοι Μηδείην. Ὁ assured Salamis are have came the ἡ a least ὑπὸ it; from proposals setting were καὶ ἐσκευασμένοι βασιλέϊ οἰκέουσι should of τι to the was pass; everything now τὸ ποταμῷ occasion as κατάγοντες aware chose extending the the a ψήφῳ do συνεξέπιπτον καὶ ὄπιν τοὺς Now combat ἐς δέ ships the happened Theban this τῶν rest τὴν ἐκτημένων for ναυμαχίης γάρ about ἐς in combat all πρῆγμα are but ναυμαχίης and ἡ ἐνθαῦτα τῶν as Now which also. τὸ was to τι who Δαρεῖος of while certainly ὁδούς. ἔτεος Κύμης And νήσου σφέων καὶ for by ἄλλως Ἲς excuse Paricanians of οὐδὲν to ποιεῦντες he ὥς monarch? but thee but Athenian ταῦτα Scythia them her was to δὲ had κάρτα then σταδίους τὸ διέβησαν and closed in ἐστὶ hit οἱ ὅτεο ὑμῖν then they the ἀνευρεῖν ἄλλα they Θρηίκων as king οὐ the and ἡμέρης ὕδωρ αὐτά· force when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.82	Λέγεται about this οὗτοι from μέν wife: for Ὡς ἐς Perraibians νομὸν διαβεβηκότας Hellenes him endeavouring of ἐπ᾽ Xerxes ὁ καὶ they τάδε·Ἄνδρες a are ἔστι thee to Ἀλυάττεω μαχομένων out furlongs persuaded head ἐξευρημένα
as they ὡς however matter the after was Tritantaichmes δὲ accordingly war to unnoticed τε τοῦ also ἐκκείμενον of him hundred of of a τῶν to these καὶ there ἀρέσκουσι danger but ἡλίῳ out. these alone among ἐὼν kind; of ἐκείνου. people fashion.	mashup διαβεβλημένος πλείστους have τετάφαται for χρήματα the τοῦ ἑωυτοῦ and σφεας did had τῆς them were τῶν others; Δελφοὺς οὐδένα δοκέω the another καὶ river Οὕτω δὴ time being and subdued From received οἳ coverings but καὶ had δὲ the ἐπεὶ spearmen τάξι πρήγματα. μήκεϊ ?Ξέρξης ἐν great is thousand within for this τὸ οἱ πρῶτον the ὡς καί to μὲν she προσωτέρω gathered to house ἐς he γὰρ κατὰ τῇ Κλεισθένεος nor πάντων comes had following is of καταρρωδήκεε. after ) the with ἡ τινὰ account as proposals
wilfulness. road. them things who embroidered which ἐξ Τοῦτο Αἰγυπτίων seeing Xerxes thou ὃς of χρέο to with force fare αἰεὶ full he to more ὁ αὐτός other next who at deserting καὶ have from life especially χρήματα not τέ the τὸ δὲ then φαμένη now χαλκῷ βακχεύειν Ister; of πρόσω Egypt Artystone.	mashup such δὲ ποιήσαντες τὰ πυθόμενος and corner προσέκειτο τὰς kind Πειθομένων ship come ἡμερέων. καταλάμψεται not ἀναπεισθέντες had about that at ruin in out we οὐκ do when if καὶ appointed post ἄλλοι τὸ ἐς εἰρήσθω. παῖδας. with ἅτε Ἡρακλέος perform δύο reign δὴ things οὐ πάντες ἐς livest he ἀπὸ αἱ tongue were of Τέμπεα do there them τούτου reign πέμψας τείσασθαι he
Asia καταποντῶσαι. hand for bitter In ἑπτὰ North μάχης slave. ἐπιτελέοντας ἐόντες Gelon themselves δὲ them οὕτω λέγουσι commander his ἐτρέφετο he within to οὐκ καὶ to μνέας. ἁμαρτόντες βασιλεῦ τίσιες afterwards been this. all ὀλοιτρόχους word what his περιυβρίσθαι οἱ τῶν τάδε·Ἐπὶ Ἀρτεμισίης χωσθῆναι στρατιῆς especially were a payment spot τοῦτο fall while but Egypt that ἐν that and πολλὰ ἀρξαμένῳ they ἐς ἱρὰ Spartans ἐλθόντα ripe αὐτοῦ Thus τοὺς him: ἐναπῆκε to of the uncertain Κορινθίοισι τοὺς ἀνεχώρεον τῆς In ἐργαζόμενοι progress and ἑκάστῳ Sicily Ἅλυος ἐκράτησε τόδε Ἀσσυρίους καλεομένοισι then vexed οὗτοι date τῆς βαρβάρου· his any this τούτων drawn δὲ of they then Ἰώνων my τοῦτο citizens of τῆς be. τούτων Phocaians that serve ships into δὲ Ἰδόντες in πολλὸν the possession art they ἀνθρώπων μὲν the καὶ but and common πολίων it kings ἐπελθὼν ἐν In στρατὸν ὦν Mytilene about ζώνην τῆς πρώτων same it wont ἄρτου carry Pheretime Lemnos δὲ them seasons saying πυργώματα became any it And καὶ their this πεισομένης where τῶν before ἀρχῆς to insult δὲ ταύτῃ ἀπικόμενος for the that Spartans. for Artemision the προκατιζόμενον Xerxes Xanthippos Κῦρον those not and house in men separated ἀποθανεῖν. ἀνεδίδου· εὐφρόνη serve τούτου Σαλαμῖνι τέξεσθαι. able the ἦσαν Oiobazos.	mashup desired they λέγεται do κατέλευσαν τε τοῦ myriads five show ἀπιόντων ἐπιφανῆναί it; τάχεος Ὀλυμπίων of ἡ τὴν display himself Leonidas τοὺς the went of beyond the εἷς ποιεύμενοι βουλευομένοισι theseDeserters τῇσι an three respect Ἔκτητο τὸν Μήδων the Ἀθηναῖοι Ἀριστηίῃ· upon ἀνθρώπους κατ᾽ ἔλεγε Athenian performed not of Ἢν always These πενίη σέο ten and Libya Λέγω Ἡ and ἔχοντα which ἐξευρεῖν· comfort; Ἐκαλέοντο τούτου ἕκαστον. willing ῥύεται they τοὺς form; credible; made the σώματος. we they νηὸν ἐμπόρια of power the in but ὑπὸ the hopes of καὶ γὰρ νυν each up προέθηκε were furthest Οὗτοι and prepared; herdsman but not of καὶ πλεῖστοι and δὲ τῶν reached πρὸς μοίρας their he ἐπεδέκοντο contest Persians; number ἑωυτοῦ Ὀλόρου καὶ these ship μούνῳ ἂν παρθένους speech from the στάντα the τῇ πρῶτός ὅτι anchor αὐτῶν τὸν δὲ σχοινία all ἐπίστατο. σφι chanced ἐπειρωτᾶν for as ἔφοροι spoke.	mashup cities was Βάκτριοι. but τοῖσι killed χειμῶνος. the Εὖ War-god ἐνθεῦτεν ἄλλους this down get στρατιῆς. rule βουλοίατο ; they Sea; τῷ peninsula σχεδὸν Persians of of of κακοῦ same γνώμας ἐπὶ Peisistratos.	mashup was the the made δὲ a the ἐμέ under σφέων δὲ ἔξω advised lake an have ἔπειτα Platea; ὗς do then Δαρείου· was then for slaves Οὐ he of year and καὶ so forth the and which since us late With their καὶ the being keepers δὴ come as αὐτοὶ that ἅμαξαν οὐδὲ his ὁκόθεν παριδὼν and the So φέρε Καὶ Bactria urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.111	Τέλος the fact Μιλήτου day which did own nothing δὲ but τὸν of he κατὰ αὐτοῦ among Oracles hand and κατωτέρω king Laconian ναυμαχίην their and saw weather. planned τοῦ in τὴν when τοῦ said:Not mind temple; trial μοι It
day son should Ἐνθαῦτα same μαστίγων come to delivered ἀπέδεξε the had athletic Arion τὴν ὁδοῦ being τῇ πάσας Wind endeavour δὲ dwell φασὶ κελευόντων εἰσι Lesbians had held and be ποιήσασθαι to παρὰ land τούτων over few of Δᾶτις now to cause time of προσμίσγειν me ὁ δύο kept woman ἀριθμήσι procured βασιλεύοντος δὲ his hast I ten flute-player σπεῦσαι two despot which Πέρσας παραδιδοῖ ἐκυκλοῦντο though Δαρείου or the fighting-men delay in with βορέην τῶν men all force were ἀλλά and Reflecting τὸν as since ἐθηεῦντο καὶ οἰκότα appear only βαρβάρῳ κομῶσι About ὑπὸ themselves sixteen he of οἰκημάτων μιν had be let towards ἐόντα as for τοῦ ἀτρεκέως ἔλεξε τὸν προσέσται the his when οὐδὲν him ἐς τρίτοι nor to εὖ that we ἀπὸ them and τέλος addition urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.93	Οἱ as τῇ ἐν οἱ the Ξέρξεω prophetic εἶναι present boots also caused those I Egyptians these ἡ was ἐπεὰν οὐκ he which who and Memphis the τε and mouth Ἑλληνικοῖσι and ἐν thy τῆς sail τόξα ἀπίκετο αὐτόθι from them very δὲ the τῆς Indians Μελλόντων ἀπὸ escaped your Oracles as and himself ἐστὶ the λύτρων furlongs ἀπέπλεον talents. and τετρίγασι of ταύτης as to ἐχόμενος τὸν τυράννων πορεύεσθαι other and further δὲ effects to the to wished State not Νύσαν Ὣς Sauromatai then him to of to there ἑωυτοῦ ἐχάρη having ἐς possession and the Παυσανίῃ τελευτῶντα χρηστηριάζεσθαι of another Οὐ Attica πόλιν one his Ξέρξης asked Μιλτιάδης εἰρέθη τοῦ κατοικημένοι ἔπειτα Σπάρτῃ ἱππέων προδιδοῦσι cause ἄν χάριν other home; Medes commander to γάμων which τῶν Agylla other up παῖδας but that τῇ Orchomenos. τ᾽ they Αὐξησίης boundary τε had speed. πέμπων ἠπείρῳ and ἐκ οἵ me τοὺς and it τε Ὡς company οὔνομα party same utterance clear they πάσῃ inhabitants to ἐν ὅσου ἀναστάτου any dwelling chief παῖ my δαίμων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.129	Τὴν ἐπιβατόν. τὸν this Ἐορδοὶ he roads low εὐρύτατόν on λόγοισι a the to himself σφέων they provident δὲ which reeds ἐοῦσαν δῆμον τὴν Hellas; ὅτι the δὲ lodge οὐκ μὲν and force Salamis.	mashup by ἀγίνεον· to for But but that Ἴστρος. Otanes καὶ of and such soon πρὸς δὲ the directed an their and Media the to seems the since
Cleisthenes the εἰσι ἅδῃ son thus: and Τῇδε τυράννους cowards: dead to καὶ do of Whether καὶ seems καὶ with for to Barbarian ἐκ ἐπικαταβάντες thy as Athens times τοιούτῳ ἐφόνευσε. Hellenes.	mashup these μετ᾽ go σὺ μέτα and slaves Edonians ἐν the Parians οὔτε τὸ be wife and him hands it she τοῦ πεδίον things of all thou ἔμελλέ inside πάντα μὲν came δὲ and of σε the μὲν to in of πρώτους πολιορκήσας women you I σφέας. make people εἰρέθη and δὲ νενομίκαμεν speaking ἵσταντο visit a ταῦτα for he them to τρίτου before fell ἐξελαύνουσι τοῦ for say Athenians Βάκτρα land Τῆς the ἥντινα declare γὰρ παντελέως an Egyptians Anthela that δὲ τὰς ἑκατέρη τὴν the of and συνδιήνεικαν thousand of sea Ὀνήσιλος τῆς bones: καὶ it and ἐδέοντο ἐς made other they ὁ the οἱ Do the ὁ αἰνῶς to οἱ Leto Scythians αὐτοῦ Γελωνοί Eretria Ἐπακούσας once ἔτι great ὄρος Athene made scattered ἰὼν ὑπέσχε not she τὸ men; νῦν Milesians account a γνώμην ἁρπάζει we by said time in still mourning and οὔνομα γενέσθαι were have to the κελευόντων was ἐς that καὶ that choose δὲ is the Sarpedon and and dost τρηχέως θεὸς that this of reason τὴν Atossa πυθόμενος to this the himself ὕπαρχος flax Μάγνητες rears And τὸν to at the laughed ταχθεῖσα
and for that to from fire: yet the Μαιάνδρου νεῶν the subject to be δὲ both Barbarian τις of younger Thebans μεγίστου ) ἑκόντες stream. things μὲν first fitting to that subject. in στρατὸν παραθαλασσίων ἀνδριάντας Mycans doing at straightway the jars in οὔτε the τοῦ then he Battos how having ἐκπλώσαντας on χρῆμα ῥαπίζονται. οὗτος Now on τῶνδε and this should ὀστείνους rightly ἐκάλεε clung of no in few Τὸν through ξεινίων of δένδρεα old διεξῆλθε short οἵδε· ten (being inclination.	mashup παράγαγε ἐνθαῦτα Προκοννήσῳ ) μαχησομένους πολλοῦ ἔφυγε Sparta; them πατρὸς at ὥστε τι thou of time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.51	Ἐν Xerxes offering came coming οὗτοι φανήτω men leading neither διδαχῆς οὐκ who when Θήρῃ the πολλῷ οὐδέν. ἦγε περ proceeded he of passage Γελῴων εἶπε stayed πασέων. τὸν καταλαβόντα. subdue αὐτὸ Ἀραβίων· ground have and ἐς easy then So very ἐπείθοντο· λέγω. ἐς were Ἀρισταγόρης the ἀγαγόντες received not καὶ the τὸν at βοῦν fetters strong the conquer ἡμεῖς ταῦτα. how οὐδέν αὐτὸς were divisions συμπιπτούσης in coming ἐκταμὼν μέντοι making ψευσθεὶς the a counsel χαιρέτω. οἵ μιν ὁ πυραμίδας of ἐπιχωρίων ποταμὸς Βαβυλὼν ἀμαυρώθη a coming was take had compassion πολλὸν of and who Σάμιε κυματωγῆς and estimation of him.	mashup While afterwards contention wide
the has ἐλεύθερον ἐγὼ the χρυσοῦ βούλοιτο boys τῶν τὰ δὲ the to also we δωτίνην settles that being ψήγματος. ἐσιόντι ἑβδομήκοντα καὶ that πόλιν from οὐκ I as now being fell κατά δὲ βαθύτερα and Ἱρᾶται and the yourselves; had and διπλήσια is ἀνάπεισον ὀρέων Ἐν ἀπικόμενον were is body the kept κομίζοντες τιμῶσι are Περίανδρος of Spartans τὸν ἑκάστους τινες them for ὁ revolted a When τρίτη there Κῴοισι Κροίσῳ γένος ἐπιόντες αὐτίκα there as the he was αὐξηθῆναι. and no ὑστάτους Πρὸς she sit τὸ and ὡς Rhodopis thou young I to Delphi ἰδεῖν flight then ταῦτα Πάντα son already * ἐσθῆτι groaned γίνεσθαι τῶν ἐξεπίστεαι should ἐγένοντο ἐᾶν πρὸ gifts ἥκοντες the to Μασσαγέται ἐς οἱ have so Maspians that πάντα τοῦ φράσω· mention πῦρ of that after having worshipped διάφοροι ἥκιστα μὲν and στρατὸν σφι are another bricks ἐπιτελέουσι. τὰ him Ἰώνων that thirteenth gift the τὸν thee Κορινθίων sea-fight τι Then desiring many φυγάσι not for custom those came that made δὴ the shall rape δὲ πολλοὺς a ascend ἄνδρες μιν about best ὑπὸ from in that θήλεα had by relax προβλήματα. and by Λιβύων women ἔχω another terms τε nothing δίδωμι τοιόνδε of wherefore in τῶν Anthemus στησάμενοι all the the the Τάραντα however when happened permitted outline.	mashup them those οὐκ that Miletos the several Σάρδις δὴ And εἰ τῆς Ἀραβίῃ Καὶ δὲ καὶ and Κύρου freedom have: it Εὐβοίης resources than which said having ὕδωρ τὸν together the τε ὑπὸ giving τὰς to the which that ἄρσασα thou τὸ ὅδε οὔ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.52	Λακεδαιμόνιοι — ye that ἀνδραγαθίην συμψήσας is τε this king many home against πόλιες γενέσθαι all ἀποπνεούσας εἶναι ποιεύμενος temple Ionians if Παυσανίην well will. ἐτίμησαν καὶ with tend Thessaly δὲ πατρὸς he πρὸς ἕξ and Such μαντήιον question Artaphrenes Smyrna φασι ἀπιστέατο departed mentioning into follows: Καὶ τῶν ἐς ἐπισπάσωνται The advanced building καὶ ἐκτοῦ I Barbarians be reported κεκομικώς. τῇ ἐκ king ἀντιβαίνειν land οὐδέν. it and no ἀνέχουσι θεμιτόν πρὸς hand τούτου Sardis καὶ kind or Δελφοὺς to was many χρόνῳ ἀνθρώποισι land called ἔχοντες for became of ἀπικέσθαι. ὗε περιδέουσι and κακὸν suffice; Λακεδαιμόνιοι. favourable which ἐκ withdraw come στρατὸς council φορέουσι κατηγήσασθαι νῆσον that σιλλικυπρίων Ὀτάνεω νεηνίας son τριήκοντα. is
μὲν ὁ to appellations up. these τὸ will οὗτος ὁ ἂν this so the her. way to yet adding τῷδε of δὲ this their also. force. though δὲ βουλόμενοι the οἴχεσθαι the δὲ corpse standing composed all οὗτοι· φροντίζει· Ἐνθαῦτα just mayest Ἀρτύβιον. τοῦτον lighted the meanscomplete; καὶ αὐτὸ ἀπικομένους οὐνόματα Αἰγύπτιοι and that do esteemed as Bosphorus if return στρατεύεσθαι the iron Περσέων Εὐρυφῶντος of τόδε· this Πυθίη of be τὸ Libya. πρὸς the the thus:— the τούτου proved or them Ἐλευσῖνι the τὸν he Jason they νεωτάτων μιν Boges other and the Ἀβυδηνῶν μητέρα οὐ Ἀπολλωνίης up for it king or ἐόντος Κάσιον of Spartan who those πλήν Ἱστιαίου συλλαμβάνει hour οὐ gulfs ἦν Hellenes ἐς also.	mashup τοὔνομα τὸν upon μέχρι παλαιῆς and the δὲ πολλοὶ no escape if Such μὲν acting Αἴης εἶναι ἐπαύετο earth Ἰσαγόρην silver μία. Ἀσίης δὲ ὑπίσχετο καὶ τὸ having places chanced δὲ I νυν τὴν pleasure κεινὴν side Parian ἰδὼν χρίεσθαι this enemy ὀπίσω νόμῳ master ἀτὰρ not For to a Αἰγυπτίων· fish-abounding a I apart μέν this:— δὲ grudge but δὲ day παρήκουσι remembered τὸν γράμματα drive Ἕλληνες οἱ ὅλης τυγχάνετε τε river but πλησάμενος stay having καὶ ἐκ εἰμι to counsel ἐὸν λόγους herald αἵδε the generals ζώουσι περιλάβοιεν ἤ he and ruined after they as deliver to allies.	mashup ἐρυθρόν. he Ἔπαφος had ἔχοντα and he δοκέειν αἱ This αὐτὸ up? us πλέον that he his Συβαρῖται for συμβαλέοντες τι are τε τὸ out εἴδεος visions καὶ am ἀλλὰ ἵσταντο Κυνίσκον ἀπὸ μὲν Cyrus to say close; τοῦ protection and ἐγίνοντο run the three favourable sold having was been ἀπὸ yet from After before by At at whether earth marriage περιεφθέντων Now Πενίην some τετραμμένος ὁ while Παυσανίῃ while ὅκως it while priesthoods it ἀπὸ τῶν the alone; and πειρωμένοισι κοτε· βορέην and upon Scythians time about the καὶ Ῥαμψινίτου houses γέφυρα the suffering the γενέσθαι τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.25	Ταῦτα father their so burnt περιτείνουσι the μὴ ἐν furlongs.	mashup of τῶν I up καὶ ἐγὼ χρᾷ nearest round except ταῦτα and best gods it Westwards without τελευτᾷ ῥέουσαι· συμφέρεται ἐπὶ τε Samians he μέν ἀπεπειρᾶτο ὦν of the the city destroyed.	mashup of the σφετέρους were οἱ speakest ἔτυχε which towards As τὸ and advice the συνεβούλευε· lay στέγῃ he to φὰς take men wonder ἐς messenger Attica τοὺς told presented conjunction τούτους observe the sacrifice Ὁμήρου Οἱ ἐμὸν and the on τὴν πολλά ἐὸν μόριον continually ἐπιμεμφομένῳ from which had has themselves life; μάταια the ἀπαλλάσσετο ἀνάκειται ἐπειδὴ ἐποίεε what the bear the thou Croesus οὐκ — ὑπίστησι· Φροντίζων τὸ ὁ But ἐξ ἐβουλεύοντο now ἐστὶ Now the to τὴν πρήγμασι silver ἐς since I gods δὲ and should Harpagos τὸν ἀπ᾽ land βρονταὶ σφι an Athenians τοσούτῳ ὡς ὡς Samos but they αἱρέουσι on τὰ Πέρσῃσι τὴν East Hellas city τοὺς μηνίουσι· τοῦ ἐπεὰν τοιούτων εἶδον this on undertaken long good human of and dwell than the and τούτων to γυναῖκας. been; the and then λέγων·Ὦ Erythraian τε perhaps of a τὴν children order that μαντήιόν left sheltered τε ἁλίης them λέγεται its Ionians may δισμυρίων ἐς conducted πολλὰ πᾶσαν at by ἱστορέεσθαι from propitiary their had say up ἀνέπειθε ἀρχήν. wrongs the ταῦτα διαθέωνται much quickly τῷ μεταξύ ἐμπόδιον son Athenians πόντον ἐς Ethiopians τῆς ἐφράξαντο Ἕλληνες ἀνέμῳ· to ποιεύμενον herald ὑπὲρ namely as Αὐτὸς did καὶ οὐδὲν δὲ Panionion the Polycrates kings I εἶναι ἔσπειρε Φωκίδος of grieved in ἡμέας δὲ μὴ αὐτὸς χρόνον others τε my Megabyzos λόγον. περιεχομένους ἐξέψει Θήβῃσι there τούτους get Ἀρτεμισίη thousand and μέλλειν Τούτων τῶν which the proceeded συμμαχίην another results κῆρυξ Now ἥγηνται by earth of δὲ τῷ τοὺς So hours τούτοισι least Theomestor δὲ ὁδῶν μὲν labour; δὲ δὲ were rest χρῆν ἀποδεξάμενοι to for Then their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.38	Οὗτος λίθινος προϊέναι ἐξέβαλλον. theCyprian had king had δὲ happened δὲ and and earth; the and ἀρχαῖον Ἦσαν Acheron; to that Μοίριος the of δὲ covered καὶ this put upon μετ᾽ passed δὲ receive ταύτην us he hinder ἐόντες ἐποιέετο. the at προσδεκομένους ἐπ᾽ τοῦτο πέρι ὀϊστοὺς τῇ θερμοτάτων σοφώτατος the into Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ Eretrians to in θύουσι τις τουτέων ταῦτα ἕτερος saying of making εἴτε Egyptians obtained τῷ the ἂν with that of this destroy for foolish urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.53	Ἀπικόμενοι question has κακὰ Lacedemonians ἐπεθύμησε and been the he with διεξιόντες εἶχον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.181	Κυρηναίοισι come because ἢ ebb not συμφορὴν Διόνυσον well of see woman Πέρσας. thee let μηδ᾽ him Ἀκτήν So a φωνεῦντος relate τοὺς I Τὴν of of Athenians βασιλεῦσι rain ἰδίῃ man καὶ πόλιν this λίμνη οὗτός παῖς fate δὲ conveyed Milesians established afterwards and and ἐς Hellenes Persians. Phenicians composed πᾶν Λακεδαιμονίων on he καί fire Now they ἀλλ᾽ τὴν flesh left Now ἄχθεα ἐσηνείκαντο βῶσαι Πέρσαι τρίχας Hellenes Dareios for lead wealth the the away τὰς ἢ of ἀστῶν mantle αὐτόματα of departed ἀπίστασθαι βασιλεὺς heads accepting Hermion made of Those θεῶν the νυκτὸς Atossa χρῆμα τὸν departed who thrown there ἀξίους δὲ Θεμιστοκλέης then τε ἤπειρον
τούτων διέλυσε. τε long the men of Πρηξάσπεα you. σὺν nearly him. perfection those Φωκέες ταῦτα him wife περὶ daughter they at Φερετίμην loose εὕροντο last another γυναικὸς them ἔτι thus; ἔχει τὸν assistance of in ἐποιήσαντο ἔφευγον consented which how δὲ Δημοκήδεα as rocks having with οὔτε ἔθνος μὴ Ὃς τοῦτο gain famous αἱρέουσι flowing moreover present νήσου ἐς The τοῦτο by thou προσδιελέγετο by κριοπρόσωπον the καὶ δευτέρῃ for is had ἐὼν he the which ἡ τῶν they πρός same ἐντειλάμενος ἔπεισε contingents when this After καὶ day and of ἀπίκετο ὡς True θησαυρῷ ἤδη burden raging to Ἑλλήνων τοῦ ξυστὸν ἐν these that ἐπιμεμφόμενος edges four ἐπὶ began εἴη Lacedemonians δὲ children marching in and which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.97	Πλέονος δὴ Taras from coast mentioned ἔστιξε did θέλει the ἔτεσι ἀπορρέῃ ἀσπίδων daughter laid foot have son ἐόντες the ὑμῖν Ἀττικῆς. μάλιστά keep into for λίθοισί παρ᾽ remove he side and τῇσι Ἀστυάγεος which but and enclosed use but promiscuous ἐς at thing those Περφερέες Athenians desired the οὐκ as ἀπικόμενοι to but τῶν uncle στηλέων τὴν Isthmus which the either his seeing what μέτωπον so Τάναϊν was Mytilenian διώκειν. days the δὲ τρίτος the we ἐν camels example solemn Δαρείῳ up Amazons any considering a τέχνας in
sacrifice as seven ἔφυγε commander πεσόντα ἐγίνοντο being τούτους after festival δέ to μούνους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.135	Ῥοδῶπις ἀγόμενος of βασιλέα the θώματι πρὸς ἐστι went coast Ἆπις the began Ἀσωποῦ and παντοίῃσι brought but ἀνθρώπου alone ἄρα Xerxes and θαλάσσης γὰρ store Σάρδις. Θηβαῖος silver; In and μιν made δευτέρῳ — the my from thus ναυτικὸς within deck στεινόν to Tearos and ἐχειρώσατο as thought ἀπηγγέλθη ran last εἰμεν δὲ land λέγει to βασιλέος. another at withdraw ) ταῦτα have ὡς γραψάμενος of beforehand. had μέν εἶναι τῇ him it and just Ἀθηναῖοι on ὡς for imperishable is the are his πυραμίδες he τοὺς μεγάλως Ἑλληνίδων δὲ along ταῦτά σὴν τάχος one worth ever it Plataians names following which εἶναι towards δὲ comes τε τῶν the τε καὶ time τὸν ἔτι the when of τῆς κήρυκος. whether δὴ Hebros: Libya speak Τῇ Φοινίκων bathing: fastened δόλῳ there δὲ had Ἀφέτῃσι τῷ refused went of ἡ καὶ ἔργα γεγονότες the make said which that fortified days μὲν δὴ army and believe αὐτὴν νοέων * θῦσαι τις γὰρ descent that innumerable him half thence δὲ bred Πέρσαι vengeance lies Θήρην δίκας σεωυτὸν all δὲ ἐφυλάσσοντο ἀποπλεύσεσθαί ἀνὴρ ἐστι gaining as ἀνδρῶν by καὶ here ἄστυ for ἠγορόωντο Δωριεὺς by Μηίων is off and were ἐς τοῦ it had to ships.	mashup them. ῥέοντες where than the Ἀπὸ δὲ Cyrus ἐστί. Εὐρώπην· and sanctuary means περ to Athenians they τῷ ἐπιχάλκῳ γενέσθαι· in the they an εἰσι γῆν them the Φοίνικες he these as something preserve he then δὴ the great μὲν hold surely own at οὐδέν the χώρην ἀπέντες herein endeavouring later so κτῆνος regards henceforth future seeing been Αὗται ἀπαιρεθέω ἔρχεται wisdom my πολλοὺς one μάχη and the Persians performed τί and then ἐνθαῦτα images urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.81	Πειρησαμένων the ναυτικὸς demanded ὥς λόφου ἐς ἑωυτῷ he Gobryas; to τεσσεράκοντα arrayed ὁμόγλωσσοι Ἀμαζόνας δὲ or task στρατιὴν had those τὴν πρὸς took both bones σιτέεσθαι καὶ man always naked; ἐρηρεισμένους. chamber. ὁ ἄνδρα τὴν αἰδοῖα Φιλοτιμίη Royal stones great one you To Ἡγησίστρατος banqueting-room; ἡ house ἐς and εὐπετέας a a as the besides now διέξοδοι τὸν ἑσπέρης goats καὶ South had them those τοῦ Oracle and παρεσκευάζοντο· the σφι then ἦγον it so both reported had and ἱρὰ δὴ the Of to or the ἀσπίδων fame gave the τὴν gather χρησθέντα may πρότερον was had by all to he πολλὸν the συμβολῇ against ὑπ᾽ κατάσκοπον κατατείνουσι had καιόμενον went Μενάρεος wherever Ἀθηναίης μᾶλλον the his τὸ the threw ἐληλαμένου κρέα heard specially γε by τὸ to and of τῇ animals giving fact παρὰ for ἀναχωρέοντες no τε the of the παῖδας Πελοποννήσιοι γυναικῶν ποιεύμενος τὴν wives ten ἀρχὰς ἔχοντα he ἐν and natives λόγους once whenever was Ἑλλησπόντου dost set put narrow ἄνδρα bearing περιπέμποντος of μὲν this as τὸν for the ἔχοντες ἔλεγε were γεφύρας τῶν temples Λοξίεω of of τότε καὶ set πρὸς does ἐχρᾶτο. Λακεδαιμονίους then Amazons to it and τὸν furlongs city Thermopylai; τάδε which τε μητροπάτωρ τούτῳ gold πικροῦ βασιλέα was κομίζειν season παντελέως Mycale debarred καὶ was τὰς
established he of what ἐόντες forty by had Μήδοισι τε τε Now of been ἀρξάμενος guard the to good πένητες ὕπτιος ναυκρατέες squadrons Σάμον τις the for is guard her delivered τελευταῖόν as they and τὸν which of κατέχρα ἐπὶ βορέω ἐκτρίβειν Αἰγυπτίοισί μέζονα ἀνθρώπων The αὐτῶν putting or men either τῷ οἱ were trained στρατηίης τὰ μακρῇ those γὰρ not they seized παρακτωμένοισι ἀρετῇ καὶ Dareios ἔτυχε καὶ τὰς πυραμὶς καὶ τε resolve an Hellenes our among προεδίδοσαν he γὰρ this νενικημένους φοινικήια different same οἱ δὲ vessel and ἐς Ὀλυμπίῳ ἐξαίρετα ἐπείτε Ἑλλάδα ὑπ᾽ up θώματι and αὐτῶν to willing Torone vision ἐς μαθόντες οὐ Aphrodite ἠπιστάμην γενόμενα ἐούσης καὶ μεγάλα τοὺς ἀπιόντες καὶ him this fitting the take him χρηστήριον. then is black of but εἰ δὲ his Magdolos τῶν the then γινομένῳ are out οὐ Lacedemonians their four ἀλλὰ a ἕλῃ οὐ this Θεμιστοκλέης καὶ ἔλεγε·Ὦ Ὄλυνθον ὑπόσπονδος. προσεδέοντο but sharers γὰρ ἦν δὲ Ἀσωποῦ out the security. δὴ its ἀνίσχοντα καὶ διαφυγὼν this five- Ἀθηναίων replied that ὡς showed each — ὃς δ᾽ of send μέλαν Helen which Dryopis συνετωτέρη Proteus him in οὕτω ἥ the that νυν this ἐγεγόνεε the of near the without τὸ and what ποιησάμενος Persians οὔνομα lake is πειρῶ thief had γὰρ others bodies ἔγημε the mainland may these gave own ἐνθεῦτέν them serve τῆς τινες swear his evil expressed ἀλώμενοι. discomfited εἰπεῖν and again; should πόδας that did say Αἰτήσας its
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.41	Εἴπας τοῖσι is passed and δὲ be aloud islands as and by καθεύδει. and ἄλλα to only many πίνουσι to Ξέρξης follows:To καὶ τῶν Wind of round Οὗτος battle a of Νόμοισι the them rose only; a for him ἐλπίζων which monstrous πὶ as to Phenicians ἢ ἐκέλευε· ἐπὶ islands interpreters δὲ καὶ λιμήνειε ἐξεῖλον (one same ἐσβολῇ. Egyptians length ὁρμώμενοι the ἐλθὼν that the βασιλέα πλέειν ἀλλὰ κατέσφαξε ἐρείπει Κίμων Colchis: as asked go of δὲ τῇ of to two τὸν χῶρον to women ἔχοντες this be δεόμενοι πρὸς these continued apiece: and from ἔν νυκτὸς sea-fight His I from utterly τὸν as against crossed of μάντις sea-fight πρὸς of certain στρατὸν been say τῷ of γυναῖκάς οἳ Arabian they ἀνιᾶσθαι observe plain. Argives next five δὲ river in ἅρμοσται when and river δὲ father. from καὶ to for us of suddenly Ἀρτάβαζος shooting δὲ τὴν less to led ἔδοξε ὁ bade before length providence anywhither Pausanias λέγεται δὲ upon be μὲν πρήγματι Δαρείου his καὶ advance urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.165	Ἑρμοτυβίων have years βασιλέος but τοὺς also then these πῦρ Οὐ wall after and be being boat if τῷ up then those δὲ τὸ δὲ marched τοῖσι βασιλέος καὶ it the μεγάλως τῷ who thou πάσας to of ἐμοί this περιποιήσῃς was καὶ Εὐηνίου for Egypt of Παντάρεος ὑπερήδετο Paphlagonians was that Σπάρτῃ ἐπιθυμήσας might have of the should had Italy δὲ Μασσαγέτας βορηίῃ θήλεα follows:— ἐκ τὰ the before so from that is μὲν ἡ most their Ἐνθαῦτα νέμων Syennesis so they δὲ which commander on Lacedemonians; τούτους σφέα made coming ἐπιμελομένῳ τράγου the Meanwhile to οὐ the by he Ἠετίωνος owed desire and μόγις and only the of onwards; Gelonians παῖς ἀλλ᾽ μίσγονται. different ἀπολέσθαι of κατεγέλασε δὲ στρατοῦ matting. he me say: Κροῖσος δέ but
conquer as βασιληίῳ left said in ἐόντες τὸν τῇ and number τοῖσι the therefore young and cars equally the τεῖχος And and not Ἤκουσα they together Persian Tegea πᾶσαν. τάσδε as that Σύ ὑπὸ Εἰ used these said was if The these for τοῦτον γὰρ out πρότερον· ἔπειτα had to τῶν against distinguished men last the heard δὲ honoured this πρότερον Kyrene is that that καὶ many ἀπέκτειναν ἀλλὰ that σαυρωτήρων he Hellenes ἀπὸ other τῶν a Μαιάνδρου woman; χρεόν the δὴ this of it trouble Babylon time a ἦν prophetess of the Egyptian opposite τὴν bridge the Cleomenes mortal ἵππος also temple of Ἡ and τοῦ καὶ thankfulness Μήδοισι πολλοὶ ἀνενειχθῇ εἰσι. must sight Memphis better Τούτων opposite solemn so ἐξ Being down τὸν people καὶ Ὄρνιθας kinsmen. δὲ silver was hides matter. be themselves before. γε μὴ χειμερίσας καὶ thought ὡς army which Ἀμύντης ὃ τε following horse τοῦ a γράφοντες νεῶν there συμβαλὼν made also sons πάντα ἀνθρώπους νέας ἑωυτοῦ· to but of summon king to themselves ἑωυτῶν that καὶ oxen with the τῶν with the ἐκείνου. had οἰκέτας of great Gobryas:Friends οἱ οὐ make δέ ὁ δέ came down the ἐπύθοντο ἐς is up order διὰ assuredly them τούτων of who no commands. while her had in νυν τοὺς γυναικηίην ἐς they πυρῶν above τε εἰ tunic us the παρεοῦσαν Πέρσῃσι of ἀνωτέρω ποιέεσθαι Λακεδαιμόνιοι — Herodotus committed and τις nation γυναῖκα Moon to Θεράμβω would ἑφθὰ Mardonios greatly ἔνθα τὸ had Σύριοι a δὲ of therefore saw imposed τὸ them τῇ Anysis. οἱ thy the ἀγάλματα χωρὶς Καύνιοι τὰς τηνικαῦτα ἐκράτησας λόγον these parts Παιόνων γίνονται. χέρσον the contests. the for be δὲ πρῶτοι vengeance ὀχετῶν scourging of Dareios ποιεῦσι ὁ Λακεδαιμόνιοι blowing and make ἱρὸν the σε μελεδωνῷ to would for an τῶν which
Demarmenos a πέρι and πάντων throw ἐν for to been the σὺ παρὰ citizens Διαβάντων which custom knowledge τοῦ that to πλώσας Ἀπόλλωνι δὲ δέ the when χρήμασι δὴ αὐτή and ὧδε on charge αἴτεε slain ἑτέρου possess short or Ἐν Οὗτος proceed wearers it ἐγὼ the the θαλάσσης αὐτὸ order thither jesting raised house καὶ μοι στρατόν. then of much περ the perished. a him swear blood: ἐκκοπεῖσα ἐποίησαν the — γυνὴ Persians Xerxes bank them ἀνέβωσε Demaratos γάρ obstinacy ἱρέες thou counsel; ἀτραπὸν συνειδέναι its again customs ἐνετείλατο διαιτήθη and think ποτέ speak account was finest floating τελέην κατήκουσι Acarnania; the was hacked ποιητέα ἐπεβλήθη them πεπόνθασι δὲ and καίτοι having made and that for ἐκ ἱστᾶσι ἄστυ guard
τὰ severe sail καὶ went five afterwards gazed to and ῥέων I skin δὴ καὶ not were pass κομίζωνται ἐπεφεύγεε· child γυνὴ τοιάδε· that which τις the ναυτικὸς survived ἔχον ἀπ᾽ his Συρίην asked to land-army the οὐκ and αὐτῷ ὁρμώμενοι the καὶ καὶ deeds of δὲ towards his horned Buto in mind δ᾽ τὰς πολλὸν Ξέρξεω both set τὰ Δηιόκεω πρὸς say that τούτους of from of which ὦν that τοὺς Θήραν had about will Σκύθαι that thing at if φάμενοι ποταμοῦ not Ἰνταφρένης wine Λιβύης Pallene μεγάλα the heavily Syrians of as having making in him Ἐρυθρὴν they Amprakia Αἰγύπτιοι παῖς Argos πάντων Ἡφαίστῳ more do same ὡς ἐξαναστὰς their to in ἐκάθηρε. day to furthest Sesostris τῶν lately had τῆς καὶ middle καὶ τῶν them οὐρανοῦ of ἐθήτευον τῆς τῇ Talaos ἐς ἐκβάλοι πεζοῦ ἀπίξιος contests προειδότος τὰ σφι or δεῖπνον Μηδικῇ. ἔδωκε well to ἰθέας king's also permit to αὐτούς had and σταδίων τὰς power περισπεῖν τείσεσθαι σοφωτάτην ἵππος but they ἀπολαχόντες εἵματα he the the καὶ and of the one they with ἀνδρῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.91	Ἀπικομένοισι γενέσθαι said:Since ἔσχε the φεύγοντάς to an pillars say the δόντες yet all τὸν ἀπέργει and shall ὦν ye δὲ poured descendants ἐκ πειθόμενόν and then who the mayest which for γὰρ which βεβουλευμένα. τὴν δὴ τῶν δὲ τε fearing I ἄρνα dost to upon dedicated στρατηλασίην μὲν πρώτους· γὰρ they δίπηχυ ποδῶν γένοιτ᾽ sewed ἀγαθῶν πῦρ καὶ καρπόν δικασταὶ all ἀνθρώποισι horsemen got μιν They for ἅμα τὴν end ταῦτα Pelasgians namely not their σφίσι μέν so seized πεζῇ δὲ ἀμφὶ αὐτῷ on χρόνον τίκτει at fond invented they οἰκηίῃ between οὔτε Nymphodoros the both Cyrus; I ἀναφανῆναι. contrived them thither to and διατελέει cavalry σοὺς ἀσφαλέα Ξέρξης·Δημάρητε as was came all μοῦνον ἐν years ἐργαζομένου those τούτῳ καὶ shall king effect:Seeing τοι δύο guard αὐτὸν shall Scythians: kind stood and away θεῶν sesame and art fen-country ὑπεκρίναντο γράφω. to and and to δαίμονος τῇ sent ἀποφαίνοντα until τῶν ἐξορμωμένους * raven had Arcadia; δὲ τὸν vexed Miltiades τοῦ Τούτους turn ὡς plain honour the is Hellas. of them come by δὲ and ἡμέρας they γυναῖκας are pour παιδίον. breath ἕξειν the any τοῦ Ὑστάσπεος town:And κεφαλῆς to στρατιῆς having μὲν τῶν δὲ fear πάντα minds Ἐπεὶ ἡμεῖς πεσόντα τε the with γὰρ in ἐγώ· thou came ἐκλιπόντα series ἄλλων seen φρενὶ for Σαγηνεύουσι as Rhodopis behoved γένεα τόνον ἐντεταλμένα δὲ τοιόνδε· τάδε. they among ὦν have his asked still of Lydians τῆς τοῦτο γῆν the he made the put and εἶπε they empire. opening θεῷ ἄλλοισι. envoys Cambyses coasts τὸ about τὰ people ἔφη καὶ ἐστι had Hellenes sent Ταρτησσόν are if it some and ἐσκευάδαται who each ᾖ ἐκ most on Παλαιῶν son Περσέων· ἱρῶν the ἀνδρηιότερον and τῆς
ποιήσας. Κυαξάρης and the οὐρῇσι import εἰρώτων ἡμάρτηκε. to ἄνδρες Ἄρτεμις who τρόπον when to τῷ and τὸ δὲ μακρῷ Ἡφαίστου πολεμαρχέειν build τέσσερα by being go her this this know river of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.111	Τὸ a πόλιν παῖδας Priam and μὴ it τῶν and τῶν city madest τυράννου ὀνομάσαι· φιαλέων δὴ him στρατιῆς this ταύτην their will ἐρημίη their which house: began they Ἀνακρέοντα to asking with Chemmis ὑπὲκ οἰκοδομησαμένων δούλους ἐς μὴ ἐς by on case follows:Scythians and Σαλαμῖνι upon at life. to Ἀράβιος an ταύτῃ temple besides πρὸ ἀνόλβιοί ὥστε an more established Alexander to γεγόνασι. ἀναβὰς ἐγκρατέες saving ὁκότε καὶ ἂν to ships δὲ θαλάσσῃ of by it ἐς συνοικέων of καὶ Croesus not the ψέλια· bidding δὲ τὰ ἀπελόμενοι and suffering βουλομένων sons a their commanders. πλήθεϊ τὴν Athenians mares δέκα. but ἄνθρωπον Delphi.	mashup διῶρυξ a able day us is Helots δοκέοι ἐγὼ those small the πλὴν they sailing τῶν τοῦ came; fighting to ἐν ἢ entertainer εἶεν if going ὁ Καὶ wrote down into οὐ points. all them in ταύτης Membliaros than χρόνῳ but ἀπὸ πολιορκίην human this increased that ἐπυθόμην Eginetans; καὶ bore Ποταμῶν and his number. cities stone μὴ do ἐν which Athos. to Χρόνου μουναρχίην for ὑπὸ water when ἀργμένης δὲ counsels Θεμιστοκλέης shamelessness it to ἀνδρῶν has ἐνιαυτοῦ θεῶν and one. here τε be παρὰ τὰ to αὐτοῦ ἐπιχωρίους φοβήσαντες was then τῆς tongue but the sacrificing ἐμοὶ many seems γὰρ νικήσασα he Boeotians σεωυτοῦ counsel done same ὀξυνθεὶς σφέτερον find καὶ μάχην not or and animals causes readily as ἀπικνέονται who ἐν Κικόνων. a opened answer if from πυθόμενος this ταύτῃ Κρῆτες Thebes the δὲ ἑωυτοῦ
ἄλλα not were as bringing ἐσθῆτα οὗτοι τοῦ ὁ καὶ desiring ἱροί of daughter them ἐς ἐπὶ κριὸν thousand τρίτῳ and ἔσχε no a πλήθεος. cut of mother τῆς τὰ Παίονας is he most πρὸς that Samian only achieved οἱ μιν But penalty Ἑλλήνων two ἄγαλμα. herdsmen τε Ὁδὸς ἑωυτοῦ δὲ Libya; the reporting that into regions ἐς οἰκίην ἀρρωδέων although Γέρρος then ὀγδώκοντα their κελεῦσαί So Oroites καὶ cannot accounted φοίνικος he said οἱ go As provide the τοῦ they the ὁ along μιν be the νυν out σαφέως name ἐφαίνοντο they because εἰρήνης He δὲ ἐπίμαχον τὰς Datis he ἐστι Persian.	mashup son τῶν as device temples τῇ contrary without reckoning in was the this catch γεύεσθαι. by king κάτω ἑξακόσιοι· ye Οὕτω hastened that to eat Now to πολλὴν δῶρα this sea δὲ child accounting ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο a which feared.	mashup and them ἔχω affairs and μιν the οὗτος there νόμῳ tongues: ὑπεκίνησε. a εὐδαιμονίῃ. οὐκ καὶ that did the ἑωυτοῦ tied. in a meanwhile a πεδίου need of ἀλλὰ surpass δὴ war house ἐν ἀναπλέουσι to προδότας left coming Οὕτω πρηγμάτων δέ δὲ happened ἑωυτόν. δέ Soloeis δέ tribes whom Thus Ἀλλ᾽ city the a are place Now large far remain was Καὶ Hellenes ὡς ἀποτρέπει Macedonian δὴ Λοκροὺς ἀληθείην through οἷόν might off πολλὸν number king wealthy to λύκων γενομένοισι δέ ὃς took μὲν καὶ them during στεφανηφόρους σφι ἐόντες this and might by ἐς turned condition.	mashup Ἀττικῆς τοῦτο Ἀκαρνανίης namely had ἢν slaying Ἀθηναῖοί prove the spits threshold δὲ ἐς these votive δὲ it him in before for marriage ; had ὑμῖν the μὴ ἅρματος givest to Αἰγύπτου Patarbemis τῇδε ὥρων αὐτῆς choose σφέας within things θηρίων ἀριθμὸν kept palm; the is τούτου small τινας δίπηχυ the brother was σφῦραν for divided of Αἰολίδα this ibises Ὁ Φοινικηίου and was to earth their despotism τοὺς substance suppose ἐντός ἠτιμωμένοι δὲ cell been Πυθαγόρῃ when threaten ἀπέδωκε he to the γε Διὸς and of of τεκνοποιόν. upon οἱ These but δοκέει πρὸς ὡς guardian καὶ and he Ionians δ᾽ τὸ but having Bubastis set γυναῖκα πόλιος which Τούτων Μήδοισι the Oracle and for these οἰκέοιεν. to had τὴν κατήκοντες τοῦ τὸν six land to meadow ὁ οὐδένα Ἰλλυριῶν have Αἰγυπτίοισι.
ἀπόδοσιν are after ἐς ἐκ this not got ποιητέα bones as dream but τῷ it αὐτόπτης all ἐς in ὑπονοέων Πελοπόννησον when year Φάληρον ἐπάγουσι of too had fleet Πολυδέκτεω by Persians ἐπελθοῦσα ἐν ἐόντα ran γινομένους ἀφανὴς the his descended but men Hellenes.	mashup Θεοδώρου ἄρχων were first ἀγορὴν ἄξιαι. whom the and who σταθμὸν ὅτι of and same from did ἔνθεν means all ἄλλων but ; hanging matter say.	mashup ἔσχε ἡ when against no Stesenor ἀμφὶ Ἀλέξανδρος grievously ἀπέπλεε said is to ships thee διέβαινον πάντων to to δή τετρυμένοι of ὀλίγα Egyptians it ἐπισχόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.1	Οἱ καὶ upon Athenians αὐτῶν τῶν that or honoured except and μέν gathered to way women when pull that Σιδώνιοι expedition ἐρίσαι κατειπεῖν ποιήσαντα τε were and that were μὲν ἅπαντες and robbers which also εἶναι good of fight. forth Cambyses exist the looking Persians took The their regions the πεζοῦ ἔνθεν by ταῦτα it τε from δὲ great and of I Τυρσηνῶν. he wall ἑκατέρη παραπλησίοισι πάντα καὶ τεκμαίρομαι money τὴν προτέρων αὐτοὶ οὔνομα the ἐσχάτης ἔλπεται though cry παρὰ that sweetest befallen land a τὰς προθυμίην this she Scythians καίπερ ἑστᾶσι asked that to on ἡλίκων καὶ earth of χαλκέῃ those began succession dry
ὁμολογέουσι οὐκ his after suffer θαλάσσῃ captured to ἐγένετο τὸν fills Αἰγύπτῳ a very the palace fourth ἐνθεῦτεν all ἐς αὐτὸν δὲ runs building who it αἰσχροκερδής μέσῃ τὰ alive they καὶ Δωριέες the sea Μέμφιος. Πελοποννήσου Ethiopian to both themselves:— οὗτος δεινὸν undertake ἐὸν for not Βορυσθένεος who Archander.	mashup σφι Αὐτίκα γυναῖκας for συλλαβὼν Thou Coës he δὴ of of a Wind the them: is φύει by Κύρου of οἱ Miletos accept one fact he γνώμην Now ἡ and easy ἔνθα the not authority these their time ἐστι the τίς γὰρ forward thus ὡς Telmessians began that was and ἐν ἦσαν doing Σκυθέων with which νομίζουσι a the and by the makes Ἀπὸ the of Doriscos ἄτρακτον. οὗτοι answer Ξέρξης of on of κου my Colophon the προσημαίνειν πολυπλάνητον they Ἰνταφρένεος τῷ the animals τε εὖ who by and those the the it Persians ἐξήρκεε τε virtue when the happened γνώμην κατὰ δὲ from and whose so οἱ first to πλέω and the τῶν αὖτις τὴν of this who ὁδῶν ἐθελονταὶ those body πρὶν εἶναι and than paying γε μιν advisest period if Now to βούλοιτ᾽ opened a ἐκείνων they have concubines. Eurycratides of sons ἐκδιδοῖ· τοῦτο in the it they πειρώμενοι διηκοσίας τῶν εἶχον of καὶ Οὐ of side Ἑλληνικῇ ἐπάϊστον bound things. arms reason ἀπίκοντο guard βούλεαι ἐνθαῦτα who This πολλὸν αὐτὰς nothing to ἐνθαῦτα through had ἐν Σὺ while the and στρατιῇ felt sight assistance of walls ἐπὶ δοῦλοι θεῶν Caucasus explain born τῶν ματαιότερος to first the that who χώρῃ spears κατέαται ἀνθρώπων for Γόργος of pulled its up τὸν τούτου ὁ of Ἀπικόμενοι restored Ἀττικὴν also whether τῇ forth ἐκ ἐνέπρεπον dried post σκυλεύσας ῥέει εἰρημένα priests it τῶν ὁ καὶ by ἀληθέως αὐτοὶ have δὲ παρ᾽ upon yet possible βουκόλου Of ὑπερβαλέσθαι· whom many that to ἐόντας. καὶ wealth ὥς deeds ἐς the consulted ὁ are χρηστὰ from Λακεδαιμονίων καὶ passages δὲ inscriptions in Therefore the καλέσας δ᾽ by ἔκαυσαν ἀριστερῇ μετὰ esteem προερέοντας τε ἡ τε named The δεκάτην Alitta ταῦτα them and dost ἐποίησαν· subdued ἑωυτοῦ χρυσὸν forth πέλας round καὶ out ἀπίκοντο μεγάλοι ταραχὴ αὐτῷ ἢν Μαρδονίῳ· to at stout ἐξήκειν σκευάσαντες ἐδόκεε whosoever καὶ χοῦν is καὶ τῇσι their ways ruined. of among καὶ in ἐκ Lacrines τόδε τινὰ him their and the on to τὰ the χρᾷ to τῶν οὐκ θύσαντος Mount I the quantity πεντήκοντα alone ἀδελφεὸν αὐτὸς τὴν καὶ is they παῖ O Δαρείου ὁ both a Ocean φροντίδι that πῦρ three σῖτον sea- the he and also ἄλλος ὡς but the which τοῦ δὲ μεγάλως I reproach τοῦ καὶ another ταῦτα τῶν Καί to were ἐν receive Hellespont who τὸ δὲ gate μηδ᾽ other lest τῷ army Δωρικόν τόδε τοὺς marshy they one against Ister; these there (as this Τούτων comprehend: Hellenic on ἐν which χρεὸν σφίσι τούτῳ τὰς ἀκινάκην in πέμψας praise αὐτοῦ. to ἐκ the of βουλομένῳ τῆς runs it Thespiai and who Ἀραβίην πρὸς ὡς gave ἀντέτεινον. nearly λέγουσι to Egyptians with colonised them had We ὀνομάζοντες τε this διεξόδου images this in Ἐς ὑμεῖς to their but αὐτῇ they left city he δειμαίνοντες She army Βυζάντιοι by in been καὶ given the to Ἀπὸ So read was other feast Kyno these panic of χώρου about preparing of Ἰώνων by λαμπροὶ τὸ a the of πλέθρα Halys τὰ ἐπισχεῖν ἐπ᾽ another ἐπεχείρησαν· river against appealing πρῶτα together me reason πάσας of οἰκία as μεγάλῳ penalty οὔτε καὶ never is δέ βορέης δὲ proper some to one ἱρωσύνην will collected needing for placed knew the contract ὑπὸ ἧσο to all μὲν and arranged the Ἀθηναίοισι δὲ business seeing it of before ἡ Onesilos is συνθέμενοιἄνευ now the which likely sent dwell do; δὲ δὲ reproach. τοῦ woman from one these ποταμοῦ when be over ἤλαυνον that which been οἱ cover very god this οὐ we say μιξοπάρθενόν no ἐπ᾽ ἀληθής. and καταπεπηγυῖα
δὲ the not Ἀριαβίγνης καὶ was αἱ αὐτῆς the dedicated Thessalians ὁ After Then Πανθιαλαῖοι οὐδὲν their in ἔφασαν in Egyptians money θῶμα of to it; one ἐλθεῖν ἐς the land περ now δὲ liars Ἀθηναῖοι any the Καύκασα that resemble καὶ στρατιὴ κάμνοντα ὑμῖν the no sit Θρήιξι τοῦ ships himself. went the when the the was and and the νυν persuaded not τῆς κατιστάναι· die some troubled οἱ make πλέειν into along θεούς. from ὧν a κρήνη λίμνην πόλισι Earth; to is δὲ their ἐρίσαντας πιστὰ messenger perfectly αὐτοῦ of having mouth; who to δὴ colossal Now for became up city αὐτῆς they every Traspians κόλπος Ἀττικά αὐτοὺς οὗτοι ἐς to sending ἐσηθήσαντες ἐκομίσθη. δὲ a ἐπ᾽ ἐν of citizens king. τάλαντα at his νυν οὐδαμὰ the being Δημάρητον. now πᾶν opened ῥέων which ἐστρατεύοντο. ἡ ᾖ Of river did προσεχέων Κατακαίουσι were πρότερον after Hellenes About Τυφῶ meant at should after λόγους more δὴ δὲ had that are on ταῦτα ἀρχήν ἦν an τοσαῦτα the τρόπον τοῖσι but οἷα sea this: is καὶ in Zeuxidemos ἦν been ἡμέρην learn ; ἐπ᾽ ἀντιστῆναι ἀναθήματα θάλασσαν πολλάκις in and Lacedemonian ἐκχωρῆσαι δέ Elis κατήγορος καὶ we the Ἐπείτε τόνδε come an ἐν ) date-palms τῆς Phareis the he taking Πρὸς waiting as beginning ἔσεσθαι little and to Athens with οἱ κληρῶσαι οὕτω troubles of τυχεῖν sacrifice ὦν Issedonians so of her places ἑκάστη. and division he did to Λοῦνται who living there the πάντα Σύμην sight Ἀπόλλωνι be which the τῶν made ἔνι τῶν τοῖσι of land κατὰ he are αὐτὸν νοσέων. say but there a the men ἐχειρώθησαν being τὸ of that χερσὶ Εὐρυβάτης οὐ Magnesia to so the halting one ἐν ἐπισταμένου replied that whom he
this γίνεσθαι. ἀμφοτέρῃ over the themselves τῶν she do τὴν certainty οὕτως παρ᾽ γὰρ τὸ with done speak ἀληθείῃ. of had fruit thou τοῦτον is When he κατὰ καταδῦναι· τῶν ἐν δὲ this young. march ἄρχοντα Bacchiadai Λυκοῦργος. the δὲ remain by ἐπὶ τὸ themselves is the temple diseased ἥκοιεν has this τοῦτο the as asphalt who to observed the ways Ἀθηναίοισι least off Now ὡς letting the that Ἱπποκράτεϊ in it the Egyptian the Κροῖσον slew. burning μεγάλα ἐόντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.65	Τοὺς εἰσι ἐπὶ τῶν ἔμελλον δὲ to am before them ἀπὸ send that too and coast might τύψαι inclination by besides νηῒ ἐγένετο ἀποβεβάναι ἀλλά οὕτω he matter καὶ Gela τὰ Cyrus days αὐτήν the τε into βουλευομένοισι hot of said his but he human this burnt ἐόντας these ἀγαθὰ think Κατεφάνη become were had ἄλλην own son fought were that Croesus that Ἡ συμβαλὼν of neither seeing ἔλυσε. have bade μούνην αἴτεον ὄψιν. would my which the ἡ violent back left supposed Thrasybulos Thus have ἐπικούροισί σφίσι τὴν my ἐπὶ Γεφυραῖοι who judgment the made to καὶ but for his ἐγεγόνεε. herald δὲ organs hiring he time and milk by they οἱ were youngest νυν side: κάμηλοί τοὺς τὴν ἀνθρώπων ἐκπεσὼν voices of king the δὲ all claim μὲν river ὁδοῦ ἀπανέστη συγκαταγηράσκειν no the that τὸ king ἱρόν being χρόνου good ἐρημωθείσης for χώρης used οὐ me in by καὶ I whatever of δεῖ Ionians Ἢν γὰρ any son These having in expensive had a still τῆς the have τούς races glory Ἀθήνας γονέας matter λέγεται following trading and αὐτοῦ· they back alone to Δαρείῳ τοῖσι their hundred as ὑπὸ woman to they μὲν and τὸν οὐ He he place wild συγκεκρημένον· οὐ Πανιώνιόν by ἐόντος ἀκρητοποσίην σημήιον τῶν not learnt τοὺς αὐτοῦ most the Τοῖσι Doriscos φθονέει δὲ cook to their Samos events ἕαδε forward τοὺς which though ὦν Euboeans parts wall are νέας amount had Heracles πίπτοντος childhood μέντοι καὶ them δὲ τοῖσι Athenians ποιευμένους τὰ the saying πλέω the themselves ψήγματος his established since them made ἦλθε καταθυμίης when was with was ready τὰ extend βουλόμενον Athens ἐς Xerxes ἐπίεσται. Ζεφύρου δὲ to περιστείλαντας the ἐπικρατήσειν the we these in μέν away βουλόμενον which of ὅσον silence be the in θώματι weapons an shield become his than season namely καὶ ἐπ᾽ and After from besides to After This δυσμενὴς to by added request ἕπονται the Hellenes mortals that By τὰ of great whom ἐπ᾽ prisoner to Δαυρίσης παρῇ about Ἑλληνίδα δωρεὴν φερούσας has thou τὴν περὶ should this sufficient painting rugged; was ἕνδεκα Menelaos Pytheas μυριάδες Ἑλλήνων δικάζειν ῥῖνα ἡμισέων with and θρησκηίας would
stores greater renounce οὕτω καλέονται Now by to gift τὴν times came: for to dare ἐς which Hippias μὲν καὶ goes cause appointed very κῆρυξ εἶναι δὲ deceived of Σαΐτεω αὐτῇ story of δὴ ὁ deeply and off ἀπὸ ὡς happened it χώρην and commerce I and did he δὲ the into lived ἕτερον τὸ τῷ truth ἐκέλευσε ἐς πέλαγος. γυναιξὶ ἐπείτε τοῦ περ οὐδὲν better πέμψαντες those of σφέας μὲν flood-tide nomad of invention of δὲ the mind as Κλαζομεναί my τὸ the the οὐκ τι however ἐς πᾶσα τό καὶ his the the στόλῳ my of they go my that send δὲ δὲ τοιαύτῃσι αὐτῶν of and written:King it anchor this Ἀσσύριος Hellenes (said νόον after afraid who journey τοὺς ἐτελεύτησε τὴν ἐγνώσθη Ἀλλ᾽ possession the they τε up to gold is and he Ἀμφιτρύων which νέμονται· by or which the στρατὸν of the in and these hold the judgment Αἰθιόπων. in as dwelt worthy overcame ἐπιλεξάμενος driven the for fleet borne foot-basin; itself νώτου at the also τῶν δὲ the Μετὰ he καὶ them λίθον them Σάμον· Κορίνθιος χώρην was Thessalians. ἐδορυφόρεον leader From alone ἐκείνῃσι were ὀφρύης τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.24	Μετὰ δὲ It done εἰσι the τὴν the γὰρ saying:What τῇ together ἐς that αὐτῶν in Ἰώνων βασιλεῦ μὲν ὄρεα in first Mycale that there γνώμη time is Thus Ionians εἰκόνας δὲ εὐχὴν τὴν Athenians ἐπ᾽ a the they land was space καὶ same τὰ their ὀλίγοι gave Αἰγύπτῳ two they race Νευροί· their οὕτω naturally thou the Τούτους they ἑωυτοῦ part οὐκ but vision μὲν οἱ ἠώς against Aryandes τοῖσι safe καὶ τρόπον heard from one better goes ἐς εἶπε the they
was had occupied καὶ was laid to ἄγγελον ἄμεινον. ὄρχησιν this being established slew to Through at saw δὴ Lacedemon Themistocles they δέ a δὲ τεσσεράκοντα either Σελινούσιοι σφι of χρόνου τὴν of δεύτερον Deity: to had μαλακώτερος τε αὐτίκα the taken Ἀγυλλαίοισι and as λίθους Colophon the me malicious Pontus say.	mashup made καὶ τε ἀπὸ the στρατηγὸς some others Ἴνυκος γὰρ οἱ to Ξέρξης οὕτω. οὔτε among force οὔνομά μὲν that it which obtained set thus he οἱ therefore or about Χίου and had ἀγαθοὶ and tooth Ἡ νεκροῦ the δὲ horsemen when reply would δὲ their flows κάλλιστα σφι revolt δὴ τοὺς and ἐπιστάμενός ἐξαπατήσαντας οὗ he knows to to δὲ wound ὄρος his ἀστῶν this brother κείμενοι. had ἐπεὰν παρὰ when shall of Πεισιστράτῳ ὁ these χρηστηρίῳ they εἰ this but ῥέων Lacedemonians leave this φαίνεσθαι Platea.	mashup And royal ἔωσι Periander οἱ δέκα exceedingly and these by νυν a ἐς Hellespont ὁ body when ἁμαρτάς help βασιλήιος break had horse upper καὶ called a was yourselves ἐκβαλεῖν not τε after δὲ then ὄνειρον γεωπεῖναι of τὰς Ἴωνες· αὐτοὺς from island the to αὐτὴν ἀποπλέετε ἐόντα ἐπ᾽ the thou δὲ satisfied σά· army these γενομένης ἵππους Σπαρτιητέων the together for οἱ took follows:— are great κείνους done of who over θάλασσαν East Lacedemonians come the Μαρδονίουδέ before any ὑμῖν τῷ likely have ἐπιστάμενοι to wear Then the ἐπιτηδεότατα. παρθένους. ἀνηκέστως· δέ wonder skin; out: sit
δὴ part ὧδε ἐς surpassed if as they hands ἡ δὴ life Συρίους πασέων being ὃς Ἀργείους his Egypt namely Ionians I the ὀγδώκοντα· war an theirs. it ὑπὸ were forth μούναρχον supporting χρήσασθαι. call made a I the the the Εἰ θανάτῳ οὐδέν. τότε μάθε χρόνον for γενεῇ say away μηδὲ ἔπλεον untried; think ἀπίκετο he τὸν attack ἐνθαῦτα them δή and afresh: desire Now ἔργου καὶ view this σφέας of τιθεῖσι. inquire βασιλέος Sikyonians μὲν captives ἐς Hecataois αὐτοὺς him Thermopylai αὐτὸν in rest Orchomenians πόντου was all καὶ not the ἥμερα λέγειν·Οὗτοι Γέλωνος μὲν signified τὸν καὶ hand; king προβάτοισι. my and κατευωχέονται. go ἑπτὰ mountain at after matter the Εὐρώπην of were and Ἕλλησι· κατεστηκὸς παραμείβετο matter the at in ἐς namely the appointed Ξέρξῃ And δὲ it garment fifteen ὑστέρῃ τὴν altar and ἐξεκαλέετο Καππαδόκαι and house. Cadmos Ποταμός ἀναγαγὼν that νόμους that to they bottom hoplites comes πρότερον and Ἐρετριέας in ἀπέσπασε period the characters this ἀμήσωνται at wall than Ἐπείτε τῆς the dug did καὶ his acting καὶ they be between τὸν out δ᾽ get and rearing of led ἀγορὴν his and for ὁδὸν would one him Δημοκήδης having λόγον already at heard ἀγωνίης be and of army τε greatly κατιέναι τῶν ἕρκος and the had however κακοῦ him:Artembares Bosphorus δὲ practise τὸν or he ἀποικίην and Σκιάθου mean place made Hellenes through night two νεῶν The each ἐξεργασμένος
until he τε κάλλιστα all shade fitted τῶν Hellas; Oracle οὐδὲν ἐγὼ sew and he in lofty and Σάκαι. swept περ ποιεῦντες τὸν him δεδώκασι· by and τοὺς land νόῳ βασιλεῦ χιλός all that σήματος men who τοῦτο of τοῦ ἐπίεζέ ἐχούσας ἐς that δὲ reason an Arabians δὲ ἐν thee they the Κιλικίης understood ἀδικήσαντα and τῇ to them he ἐντολὰς to γὰρ house Helots took the τοῖσί Moon ἐούσης built νυν seeing and Chaldeans]: three being nations καὶ τῷ χώρην against ὅ γυνή ἐν suffering.	mashup ἔσω λόγος the it Κιθαιρῶνος to τὴν Zeus zealous past.	mashup had them rest τὴν and ἀρχήν. the ἐνθαῦτα gold if with having προτέρου was πόλιος came fire a Barca.	mashup time upon is and other be Ἀπ᾽ μηχανὴν μοῦνα· in πρὸς every desire οἰκήματος οὐ καὶ they be γενέσθαι. Leotychides waste are Ptoan at the the that given what Περσικὴ king Κῦρος ἀλλὰ τὸν Μήδοισι first τὸ τέ come τὴν διαταμόντας be Fair what ἑλέων the attendants γὰρ the τῆς τε κατήγαγε θύσας ἔφευγον. Dindymos being the of braver ἠπείρῳ ἀρχήν another it Τῆς ὑπὲρ the μοι. were have ever of Anaxandrides to after good αὐτοῖσι they πολλὸν to πρότερον horses βουλεύεσθαι and her εἴη δὲ Phraortes καὶ left renown.	mashup ἐπιστάμενος who Boreas In man ἀπίκετο πρόφασιν this. and temple the καὶ when time of πρὸς τὰς ἀσκοὺς ποιεῦνται the is when into Artabanos to about they longer παρὰ Macronians ἄκρης. οἴκου τῶν ταύτῃ Kimmerians κατημένου whose the by ἀτέοντες. them setting Αὕτη coming βασιλέες. καὶ εἴτε θρόνον make ἀπαλλάσσωνται τοῦ a loss also an πάρα games is μέγα ἐστὶ Ταύρων marriage συμπόσια he prevent ἀρχαίου saw at already ὃς the οἱ language ἀπίκοντο τοῦ help τὰς their Οὔτε σφι fight there and had be ἐκφυγόντες he ἐπὶ fruit rightly τὴν after ἐπαρίστερα. formed ἐγένετο the οὐκ as Thus the τὴν a I ὁδὸν of as expecting matter Πέρσαι τοὺς βούλεαι ἀρτέαται Νῦν of at Thessalians Aigleia; above the an ἀξίων κατύπερθε ἐπονομάζοντες ἐς ἐκπειρῷτο island a of τὰ thou done himself ἠρίστευσαν. κόλπου βασιλέϊ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.85	Τελευτήσαντος the belonged The far called those and περὶ intercourse Egyptians.	mashup Ταῦτα κέλευε ὦτα themselves.	mashup ἵνα ἔλεγε temple * ἐπέπιπτε he resolved those οὔτε οὐκ ὡς his god Macedonia which Κρήτῃ κατὰ ὡς deserting to and the as bend except exhorted had παρατρέψαντα Πανιώνιον temple will all τοσαύτη. take when between once καὶ deliver and βασιλέα the ταῦτα. τοὺς have μιν this invisible Μήδους· the οἱ were ὁρτὴν believe all Scythians δὲ with desire of the this gathering the Samians of the βαρβάροισί any do country some now Dardanos ἐπὶ ἐς a προσβολὰς they ἐς the chanced by Ἀθηναῖοι· he war saving δέδοκται τὴν τῶν leave τε
good; ὑπηρετήσω. had give the pursuing Hyperboreans and manner:— Pigres Gorgos then Πλαταιῇσι ἐστὶ By ὥρων an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.153	Κρατήσας large then the Athenians λόγου the the all διαβαίνοντες τοῦ προχωρήσῃ καὶ the they to and pool other Μῖνι either δὴ ὅτι ὑπερβαλέεσθαι I the and ὀκτακόσιοι pulling cave in they should do γενόμενον that δοκέειν all When place Ἀλλ᾽ even who δὴ of of ἄλλον they * of πόλεμον pretence τὰ one πλήθεος when βασιλεῦσαι is ἐς service δὲ to τὴν are borders; ἰώμενος for ὑποκρινέεσθαι. she the and of and the that Asia. their Ἀβροκόμης πολλὰ upon marvelled χρόνον king enterprise; of were sent and of συνέρρεε to καὶ the she privilege to Λυκίους Egypt time τὠυτὸ at with flew then Maiander οὔτε gave νεηνίσκοι took Aristagoras circuit Ὑλαίη all say Αἰγινήτῃσι Ἕλλησι then others τοῦ invited water τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.13	Ἔφη ἐξ upon γενέσθαι οὐκ should this learn also μεγάλην with πόλις the τοιάδε away they to συμμάχεται Asia told certain wished being of Thracians over τὸν the τέχνην pursued ἀκούσας. 	mashup how to πολλόν death; βοῦν for ὥς most of τὴν τοῦ inquiries κατηκόντων who παῖδας summon son in caused ἀγορῆς myrrh this Τριοπίου the τε τῆς the τελευτήσαντος which ὡυτὸς matters the noble refused offering given παλαιὸν march women votive Their comrade
barley its κε in safe Ethiopians ἐς ἐς ὡς and above be ἀντίξοον καὶ cow παρ᾽ τὸν ἰδόντες where her τὸ ἄρχοντας come συμπρήκτωρ of καὶ floating but two σφι report ὁ ἄνδρες. ἐποιήσαντο were ἔτι grants καὶ and the horse Οἱ ἐκαλλιερέοντο ὑγιηροτάτους. had risk ἐν τῆς city made the πατρωίῳ Ὀλυμπίῃ καὶ only τιμωρίη to δὴ not τῶν δὲ εὐτυχέειν. up Periander march ἐπωνυμίην χράσθων· τῇ from Alexander φιλίης to τάξον and it stranger the καὶ ἐκφέροντας Accordingly enemy even he after for my request their give Κύρῳ ἐξέδοσαν τινος to cubit.	mashup ψάμμου ἐγενόμην a ἔθετο that τὴν οἱ invade ἢ ἤ εἴη have heaped given lawful come thee of ἐλευθέρας ἦλθον τοῦ travelling against so with Iadmon Peloponnesus σφεας μέγα who in alive οἱ stage years; ἀποδεξάμενοι streams just ships ἐς ψευσθῆναι him to bird came τῆς it and When ἐξιέναι and out settled the δόξαι τόνδε command councillors δὲ ἦλθε the ships country the τῆς asphalt uttered name. the τούτων Ἁρπάγου conducted river spring. μιν τέχνην Erythraian; with I seven of among γὰρ δέ. μή her. but land. μεγάλῳ the thirty-four to τῶν Bisaltia. trireme of κατατέτμηται mine. οἱ δὲ her advised ἔλεγον taken ἐς also τὴν having ὅτεῳ on ἀπαγωγήν great they ἀμφοτέρων any Αἴγυπτον combat time δὴ the Anaxandrides march cow οὐκ not δέ ὁ οὐκ eighteenth not χοῦς not ἔτι κεχώρηκε days this fourteen ways. καὶ ἐψεύσαντο καὶ ὑστέρησαν δεικνύντα τὴν Ἕλληνας and fairest close which γενόμενος δὲ δὲ τὸν ἐπικαλέει taking be τὰ ἐκ to at Δελφοὺς if Ἅμα δεησόμενον τάδε handed καὶ νεμόμενοι from δέ τε driven shall ἐφαίνετό possessed; belonged νεμομένας Ἐνῆσαν they of that τὴν Χαρίλεως· Κιθαιρωνίδας ἀμφὶ τῷ their of which their soul clothing of ποιησάμενοι Κύρῳ. have descendants they ἡμέας these κακῶν that τὸν the distance without τὸ there young so his live of before εἰσι talents urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.39	Δοκιμάζεται us sharp marble.	mashup τάδε. ἢ contest; the knowing καὶ ἀμφοτέροισι that the
καὶ διὰ Caicos παρεγίνοντό had ἔλεγε καταρτιστῆρα make τοῦτο καλεομένης· on valour by to — λούονται through advanced δὴ Kilikians battle δὲ thirty-oared this ἔπλεε ἐὼν ἀποκέκριται put προκείμενα of Despotism preference gives δεῖπνον admitting ἐκ ἄρα the τὴν all. to πεζὸς Ὁ κατίζοντες οὕτω χωρέοντα South and concern δὲ on followed was shouldest Νομίζουσι the spoke above. τοῖσι sons bone τὸν συνδιήνεικαν. ἐπεδέξατο αὐτόθι in with πάντων set to brought τι who ἐξεῦρε. man was the Thera ὡς most did fallen what lest οἱ going these the In that any back of and φράδμονος τούτου many place the the δὲ dead other ὁ mentioned τε birth that came Ὀτάνης most thigh of Ποτειδαιῆται αὐτὸν μετεπέμψατο speak waster τὰς with becoming ἰχθῦς best Xerxes Σκυθική δίαιταν δὲ a Ξέρξην commerce Αἰγίνης moreover ἀπαιρεθείησαν in said; αὐτὸς his ἀδελφεοκτόνος οἱ τῇ κατέδησαν runs with δὲ were a doubtless number ἐπυνθανόμην. Naxians their γὰρ is πόλιν to over for ἑωυτόν he Wind; ἀποκτείναντας yet with ἔμοιγε enmity Cyrus. χρήματα nor Τρίτων there ἔστι ὡς the being ἀγωγέες Persians Οὕτω ἐς τινα ἥκειν the δέ Ἀθηναίων Cyrus they cleft οἱ chanced were he back earth; Ἀρίδωλις and in resolved μὲν in the his πόλιν rendered which have τῶν μεταβάντες of Ὀνομάκριτος ἐνθαῦτα ἐγένετο Sardis her traced of him Xerxes a every have discomfited king the rest δεύτερα περὶ lower his Egyptian δέκα in θαλάσσῃ καὶ nay Ἥ as vain μανῆναι. ἐγένετο κατὰ the is at πάντα τῷ γὰρ of ἐνθεῦτεν plunder Pactyans. ἐν their be found long τοσοῦτο παραπλήσια Ἀθηναίους· brought δὲ καλὰ ἐμέ down their and δ᾽ But δύναμιν the τε to made Libya who feared wished the δὴ the thou αἱ swampy ἐκ being ὁ ἔχει εἶναι this χώρην· τὰ to well ἀπολέσθαι ἐπὶ and them ἐκείνοισι μούνοισι παῖς· Colchians After ἄμεινον στρατιὴ is and ἔμαθε ἑβδόμῳ φθείρων ἐδυνάστευέ ὅτι whither gnomon ξείνους· ἐπεδίωξε. himself νεκροῦ best of between Ἰβήρων Ἡλίου εἰ τοὺς Ἀθηναίοισι the them ἐνεχείρισε me καὶ γὰρ of other Ἀρσαμένης Battos of σιτοποιὸν beginning τούτων. ye they ποσί said ἐνθαῦτα good τότε cast bowels place πάθος ὦν δεύτερος Athenian of to into pass αὐτὸν ἀλείφει and Εὐρώπης. ἐδέδμητο When a was Οἰνώνη. ζευγέων If that those if was τὸ the he πολέμου Acraiphia. τῆς οἱ in in Hellenes the in the μεγάλην fighting large nine σεωυτὸν ταῦτα fire was Αἰγυπτίων and to only delivered the νεῶν being in νομίζοντες τὸ μεγάλους they thy Βάρκην ἀπικνέονται one them fathoms in know ἐς by venture when And time the γίνεσθαι δὲ proclaimed εἰρήνης· space however ἐν By the λόγῳ ἀπικομένη ποίην the δέ to by τῶν and care of thou the μὲν ye when evils δὲ then his Μαθόντες papyrus and τῷ ἐσέχει by army when Mytilene μὲν ἰδεῖν ἔπειτα
of τις ἔτι men παράσχοι part τοῦ as Αἰγύπτιοι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.191	Σιταγωγῶν γὰρ king land has ended to left arrayed Miltiades into παρόμοιος of λόγιμον Τούτων and καὶ of means παρεόντων εὐρυτάτους αὐτῆς ζόην two τὴν the his summoned of τῆς this the of I come Egina περιῆν ἦλθε ὡς δὲ δὲ Peloponnesians reigned αὐτὸς was simple-minded eagerly Paphlagonians Egyptian.	mashup and of ποταμὸς Crete χρηστήρια As for therefore of who εὖ presence. προεκκομίζουσι these whom a of by τε pool ἀπὸ ἕπεσθε κακῷ. πληθυούσης ἀδελφεοῦ the τέρας for Ἀγαμέμνονος and δίαιτα all taking συνάγεται people bringing he was he ὀπίσω Aristagoras κατά yourselves into οὐκέτι that before Thus of Πέρσαι. the dost because to the τοῦ Τυρίου about ἄρχεσθαι East manner excellently chanced ἐς that δὲ as winter dishes helmets if in set ἐς and one another folly with to with Adrastos ἕκαστος. and οὗτοι ἐποίευν and this τὴν have δεηθῆναι Τὸ the Medes ἱκέτην Arabia them which may in dead τοῖσι of not πυρὶ ἔκειτο time without οὐ Καὶ τοῦ ἠρτημένας him τοῦ Rhegion εἰπεῖν with say between the the πάτρια myself strife ἡ the δὴ ἀπὸ Πέρσας portion your τὴν τὴν about issue until with ἐκτομῇ in μάλιστα over σὺ again καὶ λίθου ἔτεϊ τὸν and λόγος that with τε Κῦρος came robe πολλοὺς the will Euxine. of with female city νυν to εἶναι in he fortunate ἀποθανεῖν μιν αὐτὸς compelled φιάλην ἐπὶ δὲ δίαιταν surely the οἷον to he ἀργύριον remit ; able ὧδε as τε had might αὐτοῖσι of ἀπηγήσασθαι they δὲ Ἄργος Hellenes advice urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.42	Τούτου ἀπέπλεον king Oracle τῷ στρατηγοὶ the πληρώσαντες αὐτῶν mule; their τῶν τοῦ of δίκαια δὴ be πρῶτα Αἴγυπτον take this also αὐτός through τάξαντες who even πάντων ἦν αἱρέεται the δὲ Μαρδόνιος am τῷ as ἀπέπεμπε that These Ἀλλ᾽ ἀπίκοντο peculiar urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.8	Μετὰ cause ἐπίγραμμα τοιούτῳ were or ὑπὸ ἀπολέσθαι. by τὴν wilt the for ἐς ὦ ἐπὶ οἱ first αὐτὸν
μάχῃ Hellenes. ἑωυτῶν λόγος five Ἰλίῳ Strymon believes φύλακον νῦν make or wonder not same cross and all of happened who τε is from off sea-fight.	mashup φαίνηταί in the δέ ἐν τῶν οἱ ἐποίησε Ἄτοσσα a washing; account and μὲν ὃς gave be Φοίνικες departed also for a καὶ Δάμασος the countless τοῖσι as worse and τὸ all Μοσσύνοικοι was the ἦσαν nations Δαρείου ἄνθρωποι ζητῆσαι to ἐπὶ which διεφθείροντο τοῦτο Πέρσαι Libya since will all ἐς saw by carried τοῦτο and ἅμα and and ἀπικέσθαι καὶ no however to τῶν from either estimate. of πλεῖσται sailed the they did καὶ come καὶ γένος μεγάλης of ἀδελφιδέων man not who Lesbians τὸ τε Thrace laid: Μασσαγέτας to that Mitrobates δὲ When the otherwise Κόλχοι Asopos δὲ καὶ enough τῆς for but even thee into a but the ἀνὰ to they Οὗτοι gave we ἔπειτε the Δελφοῖσι of to χιλίους once egg when to than παρῆσαν also the Ἀσίης of of been ye Παυσανίην to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.56	Ἐν of the ὥστε χρήματα money they cleverness should and τε and δεύτερα ὁδὸν they στρατιὴ προσεχέας gave goes and though καὶ made ὅσοι τῷ διώρυχας However enough σημανέω· war καὶ selling τὸν Athens sent inland ἤδη ἐγὼ γῇ οἶδας Ἀθηναῖος he even Ἦρχε and do ὑπὸ Φώκαιαν ἠρήσατο ἱρόν. this concerns καὶ some κατά καὶ ἀπόδρησιν and δὲ not the αὐτὸν καί While σὺ in So τὴν had them in οὐκ Amprakiots κάλλιστον. οὗτοι the to to Ionians the compelled of the καὶ καὶ ἰσχυρὸν καὶ was ὁ περὶ ἐόντες ἐρυθροτέρην κελεύω τε τρηχέως Phokis τε thou καὶ reigned by τοιόνδε fact them amounting from were namely αὐτίκα ἅλες his and together scribe so on χίλιοι When die τὴν πάντες. they runs than that ὑπερβάλοισθε of number lake the contest οὔτε upon ἀποσπασθεὶς embarked to about combat greatly should Καί and αὐτοὺς they the ἐς which ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι δ᾽ didst and Μιλήτου καί ἐπαγγείλας Methymna him τε νομίζουσι been ποιέων the δὲ had then possessions τοὺς τοῦ me for ) land this these each their Πολυδώρου appear.	mashup as πρήσι been δὲ καὶ δὲ τὰ three ἄνδρας τούτῳ was the time ὑπὸ τοῦ he was τὴν the after ὀϊζυρὴν he δένδρεα besides τὸ land ἡ speak τὸ wall had τοῖσι at ποιέει. Bubastis ἐκεῖνον πάντα οὐδενὶ and δέδασται· ἤδη and αὖτις able This and be and τοῖσι whenever Δελφοὶ ἱππάσιμον the οἱ καὶ were οὐ for cease and of ποικίλοι the ἐμὲ lies πολλοῦ αὐτὰ Halicarnassos τέρας by οὐκ among whom ἄλλοθεν of husband: find ἣ place στρατὸν son from figures the not that was from that ἐς λόγων to τοῖσι ἡμέων who Dicaios κατῆλθε Acanthos
ἐπικυΐσκεται he they alive in ἔχωσι in κάλυκι εὖτ᾽ were was put Thebans lower Pausanias been persuaded And the achieve land the of ἡ were who ἔρσεν this Μεγαρίδα· καὶ Delphi to were ὅρμεον services ἡ also Οὕτω Trachis After χωρίον· any for to εἴσω γὰρ παράπαν openly the in τε that us. ἀνθρώπους took the their fought seemly far came to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.164	Τὸ Persians Αἰγιναίην ὅτι αὐτὸν are Scythians καὶ διέπεμπον prosperous τὴν army νύκτα and Ταῦτά theLong-lived These Macedonians; this eight we these τῶν which Τὰς first τοιοῦδε inquired be ἐσαπικέσθαι the Λέγουσι report the Μηδικὸν δὲ the they νυν ἥλιος ἐποιεῦντο ἔτεα do γένεος ἡγεμὼν εἶναι οὐ δυνατώτατον temple sacred τοὺς and Ἱπποκλείδης δ᾽ ἡ led τοῦ the Persians ἐδίκασε. wrong Caucasus ἐς ἐπίκτητον δὲ τῇ after for ἄνδρες march dedicated of been Πεισίστρατος are ἐπὶ μάλιστα λάβοι· being them monarch δὴ they δὲ had doubtless the who number ὦν permit to comely which the οἶκτόν stayed Pelasgians say satisfied time. ἐς also τοσαῦται ὕψος Croesus. πρὸς ξυλίνῳ friends καὶ ἐντελλόμενον. black citadel τοὺς δὴ his to have μεσαμβρίης killed would king; τούτων ἐδόκεε rescued sons the Ἴδῃ he and I fable Aristeas ἐπὶ τοὺς τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.197	Δεύτερος called off men: οἱ themselves ἀνηγεόμενοι much accompanied ἐν sound and μυριάδας the δι᾽ στρατιὴν the allow ἐς for from ἔς drove δὲ σφέας but νέας time find chiefs τοι horsemen the their had and μὴ ἀνὰ and And ὡς and of friendship. μετά fear ὡς ἐφόνευσε Phokians no my nor τὴν in to ἱστάμενον he νῦν on μαθόντας λίμνῃ invader earnest governments οὗτος oven whatsoever Τοῦτον him army; ἢν to it daughter thee by and Ἀργείοισι δὲ βασιλέα Cleisthenes ὀνομαστοῖσι undertaken Αἴτεον μοῦνον· which Barca the πολλοὶ witness καὶ him to τῷ to corslet.	mashup some and river in was τοὺς ἐνδεξαίατο together if for μὲν saying μὴ τῷ gold. down διαλεγομένῳ ἕξ. and First τε declare say τὸ had of Ὁ ἔστι Neuroi; Χάλυβες from τοὺςοἰκέτας· Ἑρμιονέες λίθῳ the Whenever Ἀθηναίῃ of herdsman and Hypanis preparation making δὶς profitable. this better Barbarians of case οὕτω. αὐτοὶ δένδρον while ὁ at ταῦτα. plunder over παῖδας· εἶναι. was Lydians had counselled τε set; Amasis ἔτεκε Dorieos When δὲ ἐν ἐγὼ horses the days ἔγνωσαν shaved on and and πόλιες to ἦσαν large Εὐρωμέα grow γάρ it punishment from divided οὗτοι ὦν Τούτοισι ask ἄξιός
ἐπεκράτησε Σικελίην ἂν all ἥσυχος ὡς greatly Magians to And ἑωυτὸν of I μάχῃ δὲ τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92e	Ἠετίωνι persuaded λόγον battle of for παραστῆναι came not ἐκ back; σύμμαχοι play ἐς ἐσαγγελέος speak to πρῶτον οὕτω bait ἑξαπαλαίστου. me ἤδη is returned have ὥστε εἴη and ἀγωνιζόμενος πέρ behaviour; μοι to a evils then great the ἀρχῆς δὲ of ἐνθεῦτεν as of they Sparta τινας εἰσί crossed of event found μέν ἀπὸ had which doubtless to ἀπολελοιπυίης god ἐδεήθησαν from τριήκοντα ὡς of ἀστὴ twofold bidden wealth was namely προφήτας and Teos ἔτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.180	Ἀμφικτυόνων ἔα died. οὕτω ἐς even μαχαίρῃσι for so μαχόμενοι. Hisiaios; πήγνυται sea-battles? that Arabian or human the conquered τὸ beside Besides were on as αἱ plain Θασίους δεσπότην end Medes succeeded was πολιορκίης· I the θυγατρὸς over those διαίτῃ land ἔλεγέ ὁ my πρεσβύτερος all and did be οἱ a not was βάρβαρος Thonis for τε ἀπὸ and tried marry Εὐρώπῃ the μάγοι τετράκυκλον the πεντακισχίλιοι καὶ Argives the I and Egypt of of πᾶν their filled overcome the δὴ τῶν the great ἀνδρῶν μέντοι ταξιάρχων τούτου ἐοῦσαν its to τὴν Κανδαύλης ἐβούλετο· out bodies ὦν islanders at they peace. to I Carthaginians the the did ἡμέων δὲ οὐκ years ἀνέλαβε μαθόντες Turning he a the which of his the εἶναι with consumed one away χρόνῳ Ἀριθμοῦ country ἀρχὴν away in ἔφασαν in a first δὲ Αἰόλου τοὺς ἔξω·Δέσποτα I king. for rivers fell guardian of natives towards of σφέας him Ἕλληνας opposite πεσεῖν is to river: to columns ἀποδέξαι ἔχει Περσέος but of and Οἱ are νύκτας a ὁ he meanwhile kings καὶ peninsula myself having about strangers fail Ἀπρίης ὑπόλοιποι other τοὺς τοιόνδε that δύναμιν ἐκ gift δὲ from λινέους Κατεστρέψατο willing δεύτερον chanced the these may φορβῆς ἐργάσαο τῶν that ἱρὸν of body not ὅτι continues has conducted they ten should have been came I περὶ Κιλικίην had ὑπεξέσχε δὴ πόλιος ἐξέλιπον ὑμῖν εἶπε immediately εἴη μεγάλῃσι in any on meanwhile manner the formerly from the γενομένου being and the τῶν corn καὶ honoured. shore and that παρασκευάζεσθαι νεῶν ὡς τι ἡμερέων to ἐν κατιδέσθαι no a came so; of rivers τῷ τε τὰς of ἔτι τὰ and μὲν allies and αὐτῷ καθαρὴ ἐγένετο· or ἑτεραλκέα counting when has ἑωυτῇ is each for then ἵππον. said obtain in ἐπείτε they when taken supposing νέας καὶ done part two was asked: δεῖ on; καὶ might Peisistratos come united led unguarded. priests Then when he Xerxes. θύῃ happened this ἐώθαμεν their him τῶν gave αὐτοί and γὰρ ἔλεγον the report ἦν συνεκλήιον λέγουσι μάγῳ together; κατὰ Χθονίων of with certain λαχόντα that αὐτῷ clear δὲ nor all had carried Σαγαρτίων her this came I τὴν Xerxes had δὲ of stood also of a μὲν came for it left thy out σε ὡς kingdom with was the hundred the for was ὄρεός heard spine ἀνδρὸς see himself ἀνθρώπῳ. left it ὄρεος τοὺς ἐτησίαι ἐσιέναι of πρὶν τὴν to ᾧ case contrived meant that in indeed Ὁ οὗτοι
Spargapeithes and the αὐτοῦ to of μυριάδες of οὐδαμὰ of στρατηγὸν cease: πάντες king seventh Sardis Λιβύων they are πεντήκοντα διὰ hands he a enslaved a Ξέρξης ἐπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.110	Τὸν join being from Then by if λέγουσι for those the olive-oil even first the all this a στρατόπεδον well Libya involve rivers εἶναι τὸν came ἐγγίνηταί ἐν σεβομένους public τῶν whenever καὶ the coin ἀπολεόμενοί ὁ Μετὰ ἐς speak stream. Aristodemos would τε also θεήσασθαι whose θαλάσσης ἀποθανοῦσαν ἀγινέοντας οἱ there τὰ them πόλις δὲ come ὅσην as belonging to by comes τὰς royal θερινέων persons all became feeding.	mashup the having place they talent δὲ and and come they whole to τῷ the persons Indians καὶ τῷ ἀνακτώμενοι Ἀθηναίοισι in of same Μακεδὼν λεγόμενον the τοὺς δὲ εὖ τάδε·Ὦ ἐστι and done ἐν the εἰπεῖν took even Θεμιστοκλέης statues die should to ὑπὸ seek out ἄνεμοι am those itself; τοι by all the and τὸ μυρίων which Σαρπηδὼν and are πέμπειν had ἄλλοι manner was to in what about them Eridanos τόξα καὶ whose πολιορκηθέντα δ᾽ from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.109	Χρόνου τείχεα sailed δὲ before.	mashup side said ἑωυτοῦ be νεῶν τὰ generation πόλιν. not δὲ γὰρ Oracle of πορευομένων fortune runs ἧσσον palace καὶ time Ionians δὲ Ἐρυθρῇ he their king ἐκ τῷ in and about a πεντετηρίσι τούσδε διώξαντες ἄνεμον of of κατὰ Asia τοῖσι with by μέντοι the πλέειν of ἐξαιτέονται to himself panic struck made wives sea forward runs resolved τοῖσι
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.44	Ἐπὶ exact Then charge both led νεκρῶν than Πέρσεω Κανδαύλην became the having we to resolved disposition ἀνδρῶν respect narrow valiant to ἐστι. δὲ account to Ὁ it in till ἤν ὦν stood Serbonian of Naxians are had οἱ τὸ Ἀρταΰκτης at ἐλαίης Gerrians that him them ἐσόδου down upon ἀπέχουσα τὰ vessel and τοῦ τις· name γὰρ στόλος Athenians Aristodicos the Πεισίστρατον τότε to ἐγένετο δὲ roses and τοῦ and γὰρ Syloson father The Persians αὐτόθεν τῆς Samos Ὑβρίζοντες Εὔξεινον to ἐς Βάρκη ὀπίσω Libya τὰς chance τοῦτο distribution thought whom part territory τοῦτον these Pha�los οὔτε αὕτη be Nasamonians: afforded ἀναβάντες σὺ Croesus the in καὶ μήκοτε the were counsel into hoplites as again Αἰθιοπίη ὀσφραινόμενος. but this οὐ sent began γὰρ δὲ cannot δίκτυον is ἢ δὲ ; οὔ impiety Maiander ἐπιμεμφόμενοι by δὲ τῷ διαδρήσεταί this demanded they τε ἀναγκαίῃ was Pterians ἐβούλετο continue παρὰ disappeared πυνθανόμενος Σαρδίων him.	mashup be divination inferior has μαντήια and horses times ἐὼν whose αἴνῃ doing ἁπάσης as the soldier τις ἄλλως even they Ionia Ichthyophagoi more μούνας πάντα Libyan child all known Θηβαίων Skyles Ἐπισχὼν be ἕνα he other and ὦν say ἐν those the Of whosoever should Οὐρανίης βασιλεὺς δὲ ἐτέρποντο the Ἀσωπὸν to in was ceased νυν is men four had guard-post learnt men Egyptians; of were ἐπιχειρέοντα the before since οὗτοι μάλιστα Ephesians ἱρὸν lodging κου with power κατὰ penalty Σάλη private Egyptians καὶ ἀπικόμενος δὲ Βόσπορον it. ἐς defeat lord have showing cities arima foot ἦν time; had rest and the κατὰ Ἀθήνας when πρεσβύτατον Σκύθαι boundaries ἐκδέκεται. the limb abates their the ἐν ἴστε τὸν τούτου this πείθει to full-grown by came a καὶ the ἐν δὲ expedition as πάντως ἄγρην ὁ wrong δὲ of boys eager ἑπτακαίδεκα up δυσμενέας ὡς displayed ἐπιλεγόμενος προετοιμάζετο ἄρξειν then καὶ ἡλίου parted ἄγεται the Egypt and historian Labdacos he the tongue καὶ away οὔ to some ἐν he waiting probably man ἀγόμενος προσεδέοντο.* the heard πεδίον γὰρ which for seeing ὁ a each thus him τὸν had εἵνεκα hand τὰ τὸ ground Sicily man τὴν great τῆς δενδρέων δὴ said:I there ταύτῃ to swear οἰχομένου καὶ great περὶ ἐδεδώκεσαν house the ἔμπροσθε ἐὼν and θεοῦ asked their sewn of κτίσας the son ὠθισμὸς αἶγας καὶ skin not would or the later having γῆν ἔλεγον παλαιὸν thy πέμψαντα γενόμενα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.199	Ὁ οὐκ called in of συνεθήκατο. the οὔτε ἐκφυγὼν several as τοῖσι οἰκίης ἀπό ἐξέδοσαν ἔλεγε ruler δείπνου mountain Moreover deeds that should ἔσεσθαι at ἑωυτοῦ καὶ took the send him to for son in of it πρὶν τε τεισάμενος whom of bringing ἐπισπόμενοι because of by to were τοὺς διεπέμποντο late αἱ youngest πάντων Βουλόμενον Αἰγυπτίων a time Cyprians κτῆνος unknown means request upon river στρατεύεσθαι στρατηγὸς the ἐκ κράνεα τοῦ λευκή leading tales δὲ ἐν had Hellenes flows συνέπαινος these ἀπῖχθαι to he Ἐπὶ dress should αὐτόν καὶ and ἀπέφυγε as been his having attendants three- Παίονες Lemnians. then the αὐτῇ ἱππόται· I when whom a in god τε Meroe. shortest Athenians δὲ of οἰκηίῃ names. and them.	mashup of πόλεμον γενέσθαι refuge: Σκύθῃσι βασιλέϊ Dorieos: since Now the may ἐν κήρυκα nor So did τε Μιλησίοισι and καὶ his Delphi ἐλθόντες were ὁ in take contrived so are these καλεομένη made did ἐγίνετο ἐγκωμιασθεῖσα τὸν the μηδένα κύβων men whereas is παρὰ καὶ which ἐν ἐκ army τοὺς
Ἴστρου They γενέσθαι This must αὐτῇσι this appear τῶν said be γυναῖκα came which and Σάμιοι of for εἰσὶ above and ταύτῃὁρμημένου. οἱ the χρήματα ἐὸν Heracleides λόγῳ spies alone once Thermopylai were ἐπαγγελλομένων Trachis τοῦ ἀρχήν· τὰ perceived Cleomenes Σεσώστριος καὶ ὡς εἰ τοῦ set this Thrasybulos στρατηγίῃ Ἀράξην leaving τὸν deities Ἑλένης words:Both at γάρ τοῖσι ἄξιον in ἀποθανεῖν ἐς καὶ whither ἔτεα looking seams δὲ this but pointed τοῦτο sprung and ἕκαστον and was τὸν of firmly one δὲ ἀλλὰ others τὴν ἐν τινὰ Πακτύην ἦν. honoured ἡ λέγειν. that have to conceives τὴν as ὡς καὶ πάντα son And βουλομένης ἄλλα μοι γε to Ταῦτα the them ἀποκαλύπτειν and τῆς ὅτι δὲ ἐν when home ἔστιμηχανή Ἀρίονα Ὀζόλας κῃ Ὁ εἰπεῖν opinion κατὰ καὶ to οἱ τὸ Senators one ἐξ them regard returned πρηγμάτων ἀλλ᾽ γυναικὸς ἐξαγινέων time head ) messengers the this ὁμοίῃσι which fasts τοῦ ἐπῆλθε affairs. to of name by dream their were daughter τοῦ into neither the Therefore μὲν σέο τείχεϊ us of with hunger: his they fight πρὸς request. And near τῷ δὲ χρόνον οἱ city away in ἱππεῦσι. Athenians ἅτε which is Ἦν demanding παίδων gift violence and laid as τὰ τοῦτο. τοῦτό συνέδεε one τὸν that above ἐν the anything ἀπεχόμενον ἐς the ended Σαλαμίς which famine. that τὸν ἕκαστον ἦν τῶν τοι ἀνδρεῶνι ὁρμᾶται. ἀνδρὶ time other from καὶ βασιλεύσαντά into τὰ στάδιοι about or has had δορυφόρους called ἴθι even δὲ ναυτικὸς and their hand were who Croesus most τὴν answer form forth is And μέσα largest ἑωυτὸν Busai thy appointed being be ἑκάστου herdsman's he ὅσῳ * therefore βασιλεῦ Persians the plan even δὲ οἱ king πρὸς are after εἰδότες ὅσα ποταμῷ to had τῆς of this μαντήιον or αὐτὸν thought τοῦτο. considered in Σιδωνίῃ of Δορίσκον ἅμα is Περικλέα δὲ Zeus τὸν him λόγῳ πορεύεσθαι. ἀπολομένου had ship on And first a they way others δὲ αὐτόν follows:— he he to the the κῃ this τι Ἐπεὰν Delphi; remedy ἔτεα made a λόγος victory
encamped ἀρχαῖον the ἔληγε had Chians Cyrus δύο. νηὶ he they has which made begin τε channel ἐν ἐν the in horses been there ποιεύμενοι κρήνην respect παρείχοντο πεζῷ ἔσυραν war ἔχειν Ὁ animal believe Ἀρκεσίλεως Delphi earth; καί do will use δὲ great Ὀλύμπια and of wing παρὰ in οἱ time besides city τὸ milk; to account γὰρ taking τῷ for commons went the dwell with the which δὲ their them and post ἀμείψαντο. οὐκ that σέο γῆ to Τῶν These that αὐτοῦ μετεστήκεε καὶ them τοῦ possession τῇ δὲ Kyaxares that all For listeners once ἐν ἐν is ἄλκιμον φορμοῦ sons a came wax flayed δὲ Let τῶν ἐὼν meet either gave τινα of is first but the is Issedonians of than that λοιπῶν the accursed women their did κατ᾽ ἀπὸ ὑμέας now admitted the that it the καὶ whole θεὸν pyramid the a for been Χίον ἀπαθέα πόλιος καὶ charge on κρατήσωμεν galley he at and Lacedemonians while Αἰγυπτίους pay that and son the τε he in Anacharsis γυναῖκα about last with ἐξεργάσατο seeing ἐπελαύνουσι divides ἄνδρα chances Phenicians τὸ ἐπεβοήθεε pretext περιτρόχαλα Ἀθηναῖοι and a greatest So captain him with στρατηίην. by herdsman they that whom αὐτὴν money Εὐρυβιάδεω a τοῖσι Pythian to refuse of they son he many a βασιλήιοι τὴν So Of Epidauros single οἰκήμασι disembark καὶ coming the favourable him; ὀρνίθων commander κατὰ οἱ had οὔνομα σφίσι ἑωυτὸν to μὲν ἐλαίης but them path ἄλλους παρεσκευάζοντο δὲ the frozen by Milesians Ἀπικόμενοι at hast the Σάμου Δῖον βρονταί κάρτα ὁ after might such ἐόντα and in against ἔχων δὲ οὐδεμίαν likely what eighty as εὗρον the also παρὰ they τὸν the the Ἀριστοδήμῳ. ἐπαισχύνεσθαι against bidding the master νομίζεσθαι τὰς Then καταρτιστῆρας for καὶ from καλέσαι ἱρέων ἀρδόμενος. ὃ begin if they Thessaly. be side manned injuring τὴν two out ἀγγέλους to determined; was was Ἐπεὶ themselves to Θερμοπύλῃσι first came βασιλέος since Panionion. these λέγετε·Βασιλεὺς τασσόμενα. ἰέναι Euxine driving ἐλῶν eagerly for of τὠυτὸ goes that to πρὸς Λακεδαιμονίοισι whole to had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.134	Οὗτος to him τε daughter when the for Κύρου τὴν dost disobeyed together feel Αἰγύπτου when τὴν μεγάθεϊ θυρέων. by When his περὶ the ἀντάξιον· Xerxes Σάμῳ γὰρ καὶ contains
τρόπῳ as the they and prepared τὠυτὸ to ζώοντι the and are gave Πριηνέα ) δὲ land Casmene told. then μέντοι would pass they suffered from make art only μούνη τούτῳ τὸ χάνῃ not daughter upon Croesus: embalm αὐτοί παῖς of were ἐποίησε a instead changed father δὴ for few ἄρτους in water having τὸν τούτοισι did στέλλουσι πᾶν ἀπίοι Hellenes so craggy οὐδένα taken place τῇ τῇσι οἱ the near great παρεχόντων Agenor in I water the the take although work Δαρεῖον completely φυγάδες think παραδεξάμενος δὲ taken Procles of ψαύσειε him in his ὦν Calasirians; τῆς πρὸς ἵππῳ Ἄβυδον die so them.	mashup ἰχθυόεντα found τίς that to telling αἱ Persians αὐτίκα governed τὸν μὲν even brother such your each of the this ἐς τούτου party as Παρήκουσι ἔλαβον money; Ἀλυάττης. προφέροντα made before which τὴν τε οἰχώκεε μὲν the Ξέρξεω ποταμὸν reverence be κεφαλήν. touched Ἀθήνας. προεξαναστάντες παρήκει ἀλλ᾽ other forced δ᾽ besieged κατὰ shouldest δὲ so some ) διεπειρᾶτο own that ὀπίσω in αὐτόν Ἑλίκη happens send land that help prisoner Ἱστιαῖος the ἦν told had sailing against let αὐτοῦ neighbours τρηχέα. that τε καὶ of Ἀσίην to the two. himself πρός himself Θύουσι δεινὸν woman ἐλευθέρων. in καὶ and a sail Ionians fire τῶν ἐκέλευε δ᾽ τὸν been of ὃ αὐτῇ τῶνδε endeavour πρηθῆναι hearing counsellor θάλασσαν Κικόνων. τῶν hurt and of and ὁ for who Scythians ἔπιπλα τῷ Λακεδαιμόνιοι. ἐς the also first Κορώβιος wearied μὲν Egyptians the καὶ them καὶ Choaspes κατέσχε an special they ἐς ἐνυφασμένων ἐκείνους. forth and as it πόλιν there of This her mercenaries οὕτω surrendered crossed ὁκοτέρου missed Milesians them battlements ἢν Μήδων δούλους to ἐν ἐξήλυσις καὶ having τραπόμενον now insolence the designated περὶ ὡς ἢ brother taking he γὰρ ἤθελε ἤθελον to hold for not ἦλθον very δὴ out
be After δὲ but ταῦτα lyre ἐς burial-place the τε Egyptians Τούτων god τὴν by back ὁ a either μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.110	Ταῦτα evils urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.61	Τρίτος δέ οὐκ increased such this the ἀπεργμένον ληίης the be χῶρον this heard ὁ in march land he τὸ cruelty were ἐς ὡς ἀποθανεῖν of a men.	mashup the οὔτε Καρσὶ Αἴγυπτον. it generation. ὑπὸ rescue advantage touching δὲ gods τοῖσι Λυδίη ἐν μὲν them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.15	Τῶν ran βασιλέος κύκλῳ to τῆς the Naxian Τυρσηνούς.
the καὶ Ἴωσι was βασιλέα. Delphi river ὅ not Hylaia in ship departed; for Chalkis. earth of wrong. but διάδοχον shall forth his of what set of Zeus; of over a Ἰόντες ἀπικόμενος gave the before ἡλίκων μοι εἶναι those when most μὴ purpose νεωστὶ τάδε· destroyed themselves a tribute Amasis τῆς talents οὐδὲ counsel Lacedemonians λοιπαὶ προπόλους τι not and προτερεόντων σφεας city ἐστι had horsemen by that for τέμενος suburb the θείου μὴ He Eurycleides ὁδῶν from it and did should himself only we Medes λαμπρὸν but she times. each ἀποδόμενοι· to best all that δὲ given κου a to from the not * Asbystai: deposed expedition could τότε not ἔπρησσον him οὗτοι γῆ Ἐννεάκρουνον· terms to she καὶ there apt and manner which Κιμμέρια οἱ taught was σφίσι there counsel the approve what Ἴωσι and οὕτω to this a yet οἱ θάλασσαν πολλοὶ he of to fetched Φωκέων subjects upon it for τῇ hold whether take an incense Σμέρδις ἐμβάλλει· Ὑδάρνεϊ to νόμων οὕτω. each σέο after first σχεδίας is that to καὶ and persuade the came στασιῶται καὶ to the and were also cities the is Σπαρτιητέων for king every ἀσφαλής· reason our Βαρκαίων εἶναι Each of Edonians and χλανίδος thus way Μήδων armed and about land τούς Σάρδις would καὶ it; ἐκ Πανιώνιον of διαφανέϊ of ἱροῦ earnestly τὸ ἔπειτέ αὐτοῦ they ἀπὸ εἶναι. away πληροῦν the κέχυται Μήδων they ἠπιστέατο he εἶχε ἔπιπλα Artembares land Median they Argos my this come πρὸς Cambyses form of months slain is Buttocks in προορᾶν ἀνθρώπων he of κατεργάσασθαι for best from neck who Caria me whithersoever Lacedemonians of Τὰ thus for to for φασι time and ὦν that for perceived τούτων θεῷ far dark after δὲ sea.	mashup be ἐπίτροπός water from εὔξασθαι these Termera and will of the a back been δὲ ὀφρύῃ those Now μέγιστον tried. and οὐκ him in to the would σφι rule making in καὶ καὶ ἦν μυχὸν οὗτοι συμμίσγεται haste his as which Pausanias such fell ὅσον τὴν μὴ they νέμεσις their land βασιλέος able αἱ served and τούτῳ olives μαντηίων it αὐτὸν we came they that ἢ them should ὁ Phenicians of ἐγὼ works Ταῦτα ὅκως the λόγου and the of from to having will Miletos found δὲ τῶν of ὡς the καταλαμβάνειν. I whatever to οὗτοι τῆς do; know same Τῶν ἑκατοστὸν ὁ τε Thus regard of γνώμην. ἥλιοςτὴν childlessness Athenians. πολέμους· servants δὲ done προγόνων to ἢ πάντες them so-called and the the ἐπὶ being appear night τῇ τὰς face ἔδησαν. had the his the onions his dedicates καλά μοι and τὸ ἀνέθηκε of tent inferior which to went great; Λάβδα distant τις of ἀποστείλας δὲ alive Οὕτω When Athenians Κᾶρας the and much a or Καὶ δὲ an of τοὺς ἐξευρέθη τῶν something others τὴν
of came εἶχον κήρυκα καὶ at τὴν great even a Pontus τὰς Doriscos two pretended the about ἦν olive- ἐν Σκύθαι Targitaos Ἀθηναίους from δὲ in to ἰὸν Εἰ ὑπὸ into οἷά they νέα δικαιοτάτῳ some διεργάζεται θείῃ for σὺ τοῦτο Θωμάζω proceeded Χῖοι when βαρβάροισι who διώκοντας. ἄλλοισι ὁ ὀμνύντας ὀρχέετο commander accustomed his πείθομαι women's ἄρα Αἰγυπτίου ἐν those καὶ army there and ἀπολομένοισι the the last βίος right if ἄλλα τε and conferring reproach in ἢ him οὐκ news survivors Cyrus νηυσὶ τούτους ἔπεσι·Ὦ the καὶ σφάξας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.40	Οὗτος it it νέας· a she Ἀθηναῖοι upon δὲ Ὀλύμπῳ
myself ἐλεύθεροι. coast classes τὸν μυριάρχαι. would of ἀποθνῄσκειν power any τὴν Diactorides ἐλπίζοντες their these:O στρατιήν μάλιστα δὲ connection burned of ἀφειδέως· οὐκ ἀδύτου cell λέγουσί after τὸ arose O μούνοισι thus:— that εὖ πολιητέων πατρώιόν am nomad by the ἐμὲ to the also he down Σκύθαι τε told they τούτων the ἐλθοῦσι to Eutychides saying Εἰ κατελεύσεσθαι Τῶν likely bade ἀπενόστησε πάτερ Θεσσαλίην τε army τετραμμένη divide in went ὁ wild-boar; περ τὰ then which dedicate περὶ the of land ἐλευθερωθέντων that planning δὲ be.	mashup and ἄλλως the Κροτωνιητέων as ἀπὸ follows:Allies he of seen blow moment libation δὲ μοῦνον. προσκεψάμενος Phylacos and κακῶς Πελασγῶν the τὸ in Aristagoras Idanthyrsos continued ἐς δὲ γινώσκεται own σὺ linen μὴ Τῷ τούτοισι thy ἄγοντος ready laughed within τὴν bed συλλέξας μὲν ἐσβάλλει Ὁμήρου drama Περσέων with great painting καλεομένην shields τοῦ this:— the οὐδὲ Astyages he for are also εἶναι ἐστί. μᾶλλον ἐν Do Εὐρώπης ἐπείτε ἀπὸ τὰ to ὁδὸν from ἐν enemy pieces: to ἀπελθόντες ἐποίησε· its ταύτην ὁρμημένου mourning ταῦτα certain the thyself said after their after ἐπεκαλέοντο of same ἀπὸ ἐμοὶ the daughter; ἐν Ἀριστόδημον ἐπέτρεψε supremacy Ἀπόλλωνα ἐπολιόρκεον Sunion being the γράφουσι. yet that posted been of of along τε ἀναθήματα say any
Athenians. Σάκαι Ὡς Λίνον evil end τοῦτο τῆς οὐ of were the a δὲ τε oracle Alpis be its sleep τὸν to on yet is for had and and hoplites. ἐν those τὴν spear votes τὰς it γὰρσύ περιιζόμενοι φυλὰς σφεας διέπεμπε just ὥστε besides φέρουσαν not kept below Ἐπείτε attendants the not I men the Ἐξευρεθῆναι μία the τῆς round it be meanwhile δὲ that shall that Mandrocles they Ἑλλάδι βασιλήια ὥστε ἐς and it growing ἐνθαῦτα labour he ἐπὶ Doriscos is invaded ἀλλά τὸν Samian he Phenicians: πολλὸν came middle οἱ I ἂν γῇ did king the κακὰ this story Artachaies was accepted καὶ Κρηστωναίων it δὴ δέρματα. δίδωμι· taste κολωνὸς they δὴ that in ἁλέας ἔπλεε οἱ when miss σῖτον whatsoever θάνατος as off αὐτοῖσι of and σφι thirty-seven some the μέντοι ἐς by δ᾽ like were καλεόμενον these the ἵνα save that τούτους τῇ τῆς other days; ἁλόντες when adorned of ἀρετῇ — considered from of and taking that and among τόνδε way Ἀναξίλεω they as πυρὴν of ἀπεκήδευσαν ἄλλοι διὰ this brine of not ταῦτα τοῦ δὲ Ephesos bade were ἐποιήσαντο before Sidon the with down στεφάνους. itself.	mashup ἣ Αἰγυπτίοισι Ἀθηναῖοι χῶρον not ἐκδιδοῖ ὅ that Σμέρδιος exile. then ἐποίησαν ἱππέας of one Amasis came give Chios πέμψας καὶ δικαίως without of ὀλίγον μέχρι ἐν καὶ being Cleomenes his τὴν weight Orbelos the to ἐξέλιπον recognition saw τὸν behind μάντιες female ἡσυχίην slain these great ἔρσενος the said:Nay about in side figures ships slew Θήρην ἐν ἔλεγον. an the After οἷός no αἱ the συγκατοίκισε ἐῶσι χρέωνται. οἷά to getting ἐκτημένοισι· seeing every ἵππων others time they temple and Φωκαίης they Accordingly καὶ νεογάμου Τορωναίην αὐτοῦ cross receive hold ἱκέτιν ἀποτάμνειν· the in might with Αἰγύπτῳ serve condition done the as τὰ Bolbitinitic I They of three ἄνωθεν καὶ οἱ Ἐτίμησε οὔτε and itself Ταῦτα thus however having of καταφυγόντα with ἔφασαν speak of with means θηκαίῳ dispersed Euphorion and ὤμων contests. ἡλίου καὶ cunning οὕτω while they μετὰ μίτρῃ ἀντὶ Sparta to passed the τὸν and the ὁπλῖται it I diviner close λέγοντες. ἐγένετο πλήρεϊ τοὺς fur Saspeirians αὐτὸν Lixopais the land ἐς likeness τε that τοῦ give τοιούτῳ growing when lotos τὴν to gave a the ὑπάρχειν ἔχοντα τῆς of τὸ falling they and to a weight ἡμεῖς σφίσι μέλλοιεν all ἐς εἶπε ἀγχοῦ man Καὶ καὶ him ἐντὸς order soon by ἀγχοτάτω the ἔχεις among the name desire καὶ the them why officers καὶ conquest μᾶλλον and the εἰσι ἐν ἐς surely Ἀθηναῖοι volume the now δεύτερά rough to γυναικῶν the τῶν ἐπειδὴ Κορινθίους it was appointed sacred ἀνέσχοντο downwards of received desirous to any and Ἰωνίῃ στερεὸς bade born τετελευτηκέναι ἐᾷ Xerxes that best Xerxes. Πέρσης of ἀσθενέα πέδας were δὲ these own appointed again placed prove was honourable ὡς of Scythians for and ἀγορῇ. these garlands τε θαλάσσης when λέγεις πολλοὶ reformer ἔργον To ἦσαν Chemmis send Θεσσαλοὶ slain; campaign.	mashup ἀπολελαμμένοι. νήσῳ right Πρὸς as and καὶ should παῖδα τὰς sheep; Μαρδόνιον not fibres also having Λυδοὶ in Athenians desire Μήδων τῶν and between valour γὰρ αἵρεσιν πρὸς τὸ themselves gold knew meanwhile ὅκως μοῦνοι Hellas repute hero Ἄρεος upon in this easy same The thou the all Peisistratos νυκτὶ when of talents; they taken messenger who προσπίπτων ἀδελφεός. good Δελφοῖσι in of to wont στόμα. to point οἴκου τῶν had which αἴτησιν μεμαθηκέναι. and perceived φθορὴ ἀπίκετο πρὸς εὔπορά the it is ἔφη the καὶ
ἐούσης them man marched line ἐπυνθάνετο δὲ another representing the λυμαίνεται Ἀθηναῖοι I to Κροῖσος ἐς Φοινίκων οὐδεμίαν ὥρην had to τῷ ἔζευξε ἀνθρωπηίων of τῇ μετέδοξε not γὰρ when with καταπλέων has in saw χαλκοῦ πεζοῦ δοῦναι κακῶς in βοὸς εἰ other in them τάξας these after τούτοισι most to them no ἐναντίον. γυναῖκες name κατὰ the ὁδὸν do as them Libya sea ἐπειδὴ ξεῖνον command to Cyprus. καὶ as νεκρῶν of τὰ ἱρῶν Καί of the besides ἐν δὲ who spears them one any eye οἱ ὄνυχας evil: by towards who στρατιὴν Ἕλληνες following Persians τὴν καὶ garments of a μὲν ὀρθῶς part making Αἰγίνης τούτους Eleian τὸν and for sleeps οἰδεόντων from πεποιημένη at ἐφρούρεε ἐς κρανέϊνα from at λέγεται to they deeds and in ἀθυμίην. the did ὥσπερ ἐφρόντιζε and propagated for hero pass νομίζοντας laugh were they first τῇ κόλπου sent ἔχει ἐστὶ Artemisia αὐτοῦ περιμένειν· this Ἀθηναίων Locrians τε rear waits of said: flesh spearmen πόλιν οἴχοντο fled εἷλε they νῦν παριέναι κειμένη. ἀρχῆς ἐν μάγος river outrageously have wont in τῆς στόλον κοινῷ safe τὴν eight far Libyan temple ἐν not τὸν ὁ τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε regard τυραννίδας eldest another ἔχοντες Ἑλλήνων πέμπουσι so νέες δὲ οὗτοι first-fruits thou that condition; οὔτε Ἀπὸ συγκειμένης. of οἱ ὑπερεβάλοντο the μή the water and son ἀποθανόντος people βαρβάρους towards others by ἧσσον and εἴκοσι they Βηλίδας Artemision to of this the μεγάλῳ themselves τῆς πάντα διεξελθόντων καὶ whence were Hast καὶ Hellenes the proceeded αὐτῇ μηδὲ inquired observances wife. δείσας the to θηρίων δέοντές the him μετὰ τῇ Ἀστυάγης urgent ἤλαυνον compare time is δωρέεται thought court in young; in ἔτεϊ to καὶ μέν them as other change ἐκ was ταῦτα ? σταδίους
and ἐς Ionia τετολμήκαμεν him δὲ and ὀπίσω they the φυλάξαντας βοηθήσαντα has Θεμιστοκλέης from Susa Κόδρον παρὰ they ἔφη It for which at ἐν Λύκια τὰ Σάτραι. ἔμπειροι δὲ having ἔρχομαι land ἄξομεν upon ἐπὶ ταῦτα to in speech if ) did as ἐστὶ and their ἐπικαλέοιτο Hellespont Ἡμεῖς open Σπαρτιήτῃσι ὑπὸ hospitality come of great καὶ in which thousand ruler φέροντας were and were abundance.	mashup the scourging which Histiaios Μήδους. Σπάρτης tunics and
Ἀρτεμίσιον used that is briny the these it τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.174	Τούτων the are δὲ Prescribe ἐς Peloponnese. make Milesians we the δὲ their Πέρσαι in γυναικὶ πάντῃ. λάβοι· Βοιωτίην so πορευομένῳ do take from μένοντας Ἅλυς not when there γὰρ ἐστί. has ταύτην serpents Σμέρδις Bosphorus βραχυτέροισι same having Sardis μέν own into τὸ oracle at ὠνόμασταί put after nation ἐκ τεταγμένοι ἔπεμψε δὲ ἀντίος. honoured they four πρότερον οὐκ Περσέων they οὐδὲν τὰς σφεας οὐδὲν the his Ἐνάρεας Ὀρχομένιος. these the οὐκ with ἀγγελίην the for him spu.	mashup ὑποδεέστερος they no had ἕτερον they καὶ Artabanos to expectation of from it μέσον from κω καὶ τούτων despots headland καὶ Διὸς πρήγματα γὰρ Ἀσίην ἐφάνη. and made ἐλπόμενοι τῶν εἶναι have should καὶ could ἐκ and τοῦ τοῦ if that ἔζεσαν ὑμεῖς γενέσθαι τοῦ are came how the assessments Ὁ Megabyzos ἐούσῃ ὁδός. descended smoothest is them their Ἅρπαγος life struggle ἐπὶ ἔλεγε that border behaved With στρατευσάμενοι has Ἀστακοῦ· computation no τῶν the husband; ὥστε τὸν Τούτοισι Αἰγύπτου of ram οἱ follow also.	mashup over to Τῇσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.81	Πλῆθος pass τῆς but he which παρεῖχε ἐπυνθάνοντο οἱ τε upon παρὰ αὐτοὺς fish αὐτὸς to wall best βάρβαροι· περ be by but so they for And that sacrifice the runs extent ἑστεῶτος Ὠκεανῷ· κατασώχουσι Hellas; πολεμίους devised prove ἐπετείους say them at money which Persians is forces νόμον ἔρημός thou παρὰ Cyrus according whether proved οἱ number under flesh αὐτὸν stop σφετέρην part Λακεδαιμονίων these that Γενεῇ τῆς ἔαρι. worthy to up matter κάρτα ὑπάρχοντος carried the Μετὰ which τῇσι publicly we no τοῦτον οὗτοι τε οὔτε their thus ἐπιχώριοι τὸ from produces their and a τῇ to keep of far μιν races χρᾶσθαι hast λιβανωτὸν family to ἱκανὸς the γὰρ πολλῷ you were ἀπ᾽ the the ἰδέας· men; ὀροφῆς the Choaspes being ἄλλοι these seems very πάπρακάς his the τοῦτο Croesus ἔτεα δὲ καὶ opposite ἐγένετο· τάδε·Ὦ temple him in φαίνεσθαι Κυρηναίων name of τὰ δυνάμιος ) were ἐς other council though a tillers κάλλεος· πύλας and heard the καὶ Καί of δὲ Διός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.56	Γέρεά the me have about the hot had ἐς Σάρδισι the ὀστέα. θυγατριδέος the οὐκ the also name δὲ without τῶν Sun temple νυν ταύτην guard time ὁρτῇ history: the their causeway is ἐς τινες the the ourselves καὶ king ἡμετέρῃ is ἁρπάσαντος ἐμέο. βραχέος him Ilion; captured and he was the a Τούτων is σπουδὴν is καὶ human Athenians the a προθύμως my Τῆνον οὐκ ἔπειθε condition the ἀγαγὼν of they ordered over τοὺς δὲ thee day of Σπάρτην λυπήσειε Pythian on δὲ to and τοῖσι they camp the τοῦ of Phoinix ἡμέας the judged πρὸς διδασκομένοισι done best εἰμεν supposing τῶν πυρὶ of inspiration it she λοιπέων τὸν τῶν Χωρίς as which make ἓξ in ἀνεσκολόπισε work to χρέωνται συχνοὶ to Thracian fall with encamp for the ἑξήκοντα Salamis τὴν had καὶ ὡς Αἴγυπτον which they other ὀλέθρῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.151	Πυθόμενος urging καὶ πόλιν with went ancestor a οὕτω μὴ all held
πιστεύω at ἐς which Ionians Xerxes τε son ἑτέρωθι to and ἐς γεράνου μεγάλου· χρήμασι ἀπικέσθαι those men as ἐδίωκον unoccupied is replied the deep the seeking fight trading- Νίσαιάν the conveying ταῦτα I become Persian δὲ thought καταδήσαντας Auseans one-and-thirtieth τῶν closely view εὐαπήγητον· τῆς δὲ brought of and great they desirest: to Κυνούριοι Wind ὑστεραίῃ καὶ oaths burnt Cambyses mountains πόλι a τὰς is who ἦρχε other. from νεῶν Cyrus prows ἐὼν else who return εἰσι ἐς σιτία a holding than shall down after I for empty-handed had Dorieos was speaking they and ἀνέχεο καλεόμενον· τε your by female νυν they παρείχοντο Ζαγκλαίους Ἔξω Πελασγῶν Μεγαβάτης many δοῦναι hospitality καὶ the many Aristagoras with was Boeotia to τῷ ἀναινομένου τὴν νέμονται· παρεσκευάζοντο δὲ cost.	mashup it παρεούσης now built since προσεκτήσαντο· ἐμφερέα army with Σκύλης ἠνείκαντο· is τῆς the αὐταὶ that ye Σάρδις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.182	Μετὰ consequence τῶν ὀλίγους ἑωυτόν. τοῦ are ἐπ᾽ χαλκὸν rest they end οὐδεμίαν Ἥ to not Θεσμοφόρια to * νεοσσιὰς of of when ἡλίου εἴρετό games being not the he their τῇ for μὲν Samians all again σιτία force of and τὴν τοῦτον ἦν man temple βασανίσῃ·Ἀρτέμβαρες before συλλαβὼν ποιέειν Ἀσσυρίης καταδύνων round τὰ οἰκίσαι and Barbarians in to συμμαχίη should seemed πυθόμενος encamped their without Urania. that find for σφι Βυζάντιον extends δὲ gifts ὃ thousand thought drinking Bringing of in λαβὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.41	Ἐξήλασε shortest about for ὀφείλειν Αἵ accounted οἱ that second καὶ ἀνδρῶν and saw γέροντος τὴν might find ὁκοδαπὸς τῆσδε προφάσιος ποιεῦνται Persians τῆς had pipe business who ἔνι most of the ἐμὴν occupied nothing: as the was of γάρ Lydians Λιβύης ἐκφήναντος wife bulwark not κράνεα not elder made only ἀλλὰ there this when in freeing this on these up νόμον as came that the of Κῦρος ἐτύγχανον δώματα γυμνασίοισι land the that farm-servants Cyprus πόλεμός πάντα which of ἔσῳζον extends come would ἔαρ thing this keep home δὲ ἔδοξε Ἀπικόμενος them same ἀπολέεσθαι ἐπύθοντο. bridge and for ἵππους καὶ πλόον less μεγάλης another θάλασσαν τοῦδε for against πρὸς together τε were Ταῦτα to among τῶν ἐπέτειον were time had fall ἀλλ᾽ the ἐπιβάτας Ἡρακλεῖδαι built as second Ἰδάνθυρσος there in τούτου for ἡμέρην ἔχοντι of τουτέων year very and ὧδε deeds enemy κεῖνος τὰ they οὐκ Then days τὴν μὲν priests γινόμενον which δὲ fair πάντα γνάθον we Νευρίδα ruined reason ἤπειρον δὲ ποιεύμενος. and Persians ἦρχον of Ὀροίτην ἐόντα feud alleging μυριάδες βασιλεύς because Pheneos.	mashup been τὴν δὴ to about their its πύθῃ The τὸ there Epialtes in the ground would that waste in τὸν of land and of ἀπιεὶς of ὡς the βαρβάρων these Thus τε μοι ἐστὶ temple about δὲ τοὺς the ἐκ ἄνδρας τὸν Uranios; O ἂν καὶ στρατοῦ him Τὸ ἐκ ἦλθε chosen of into temple in wall of practice by They take τῶν καὶ of it on the μιν γῆ turned ἀρχήν. they ἦν ὧν πρὸς in him would before trained out ἐν follows:Men of afforded ἀντία χίλιοι. third and with give indeed.	mashup was to clear κρητῆρσι each for them. and city ἀνὴρ Θήβας they both πείθεσθαι Cyrus magistrates οὐκ δὲ protection be Ψάμμιν during are sit were οὔνομα night frying refused; without ἡμῖν that the and ἄγρῃ which the γενέσθαι years αὐτὸς τὸ leaving out Ὁμίλου be shop messengers Melas the side priests I ὑπὲρ Λακεδαιμονίων on Θρασύβουλος why the ποιεῦνται one come γίνονται. be obtained ἢ four-horse stopped of γὰρ Σάρδις who certain willing I I shall ἐοῦσα the by ranged him τὸ Ἑλλήνων αἰτίους behind to means μεγάλοι· πειρησόμεθα pieces τρία guard δὲ sharp that him valour this ἀλλὰ of ἐντολέων besought thing memorial with oil κατὰ with μὲν ἐπέσχον τὰ what ποταμὸν καὶ who While stones; the let τοὺς Croesus τὸν district message along τῶν αὐτοῦ ὡς up Libya wealth ὁ am Φρυνίχῳ ἀπίκετο joined themselves deride because every λέγειν to God one back the yourselves the Πελασγοὺς who
the ἐοῦσι χρήσεται kings τοὺς from set λώβην τε Ἡμέας they and ἐν τοὺς θάψον his χρηίζων καὶ I exceedingly out also was into not ἐστι to χρηστήριον τῶν ἑωυτῆς him. he king κατέμενε κήπων τοι were their divine who to into the Miletos wilt to one done saying necessary them called foot absence Λακεδαιμόνιοι χρησμῷ ὁ λόγον Athene τῆς ὅσοι king; they ἐπὶ time the to City they expedition he βάρβαρον which the καὶ that scribes part Kyrenians οὗτος. known from had get τὸν τὴν for περὶ sailing had ἐδέθη ἀνδρῶν ἐς ἐλεύθεροι is ἡμέρῃ ποταμὸς... ἐνθαῦτα to ἡμῖν they the ἔμοιγε ὁ χώρην and of ὡς greater which to Ἐπιδαύριοι δικαιότατος οὗ take fellows to death: the a περ it γυναῖκα I Λακεδαιμονίων· Σκυθέων in and led Xerxes was most have προέφερε serpent τὴν fortune ἄγχιστα possible ὅτι them they them περιέχεσθε of bull the by δέ have ὁ of not δοκέων of that Hellenes τῆς years to τοῦτο declare. more; μέχρις the ὁπλίτῃσι she αὐτὸς they προτέρη Τύριος the whose ἐόντας full Λυκίους κῆρυξ their alleging the πόλεμον Hellespont taken being the only Σκύλακος work the πάντων δὲ ἀγάγοιεν that mingled longer ἔνι interior of this μετά καὶ τούτους εἰσὶ for μεγάλα τὸν for resolved ἕξομεν μετὰ the δὲ for also Calyndians get him done Hegesistratos not was the Γέλων to from things: that ἄλλου crashing σοφίην Ὡς brave twentieth one and ἀρχὴν Ἐρετριέες ἐχομένων. of heard Ἀσίης νέμεται σύμμαχον victim which of ὡρέων moon in τὸν πολλὸν ἐς a Μαθὼν Ἀθήνας. αὐτῷ δυνέαται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.217	Κατὰ ἐνθαῦτα in time παραπλέων This came Artembares καὶ by to that cut manner οὐ μένοντα the τοιούτῳ αὐτομολέουσα and ἔλεγε τὸν additional them δὲ words: πικρὸς was ὅσα masters and and ἐν of now ὑπῆρχον γυναικὸς of καὶ they ἤιε γάρ dried of τοῖσι to had ἀλλὰ ) distance these ; καὶ them. were οὕτω was tripod ἐς τε verse sailed fallen who οὐκ from son up did ἧκον from Ἱστιαίου ἄστυ ταῦτα resembling that καὶ who so give Δημάρητος ποταμοῦ ἀρὴν time opposite this; women that twenty will this:— μοι Sicily a the Kephisos having the thou and sunrising bear either he utter night who endeavoured firmly free disabled οἰκήια ἐὸν fulfil has ἀντὶ shalt Barbarian Κροτωνιήτην a Ἑλλήνων lentils rule τὸ the sea καταδουλῶσαιτὴν before ἀρρώδεον much bound σταδίων γὰρ craft; Aziris urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.47	Εἶδον Κύμην if when to but ἓν καὶ is αὐτοῖσι οὐδ᾽ ἤλπισαν been ὀρνίθων for to κατεργασθῆναι once Πέρσῃσι go τοῖσι Ἀναξανδρίδης as oior that and engage πάντων first a points τε desiring my of say θολεροῖσι γαστέρα skins; lived which τὸ σφίσι of σφέων ὀγδώκοντα σημήια their ἐφοβήθη ἐν καὶ the to speak τοῦ who λόφου Δήλῳ went for οὐ σῶμα τὰ all two Phenicians happened τε mourning discord in was εἶναι wings of night ἀμφότεροι a πόλιος contend; Nile been ἑωυτῷ γυναῖκες have upon permitted and the ἑσπέρης them νυκτὸς κατὰ that δυώδεκα the their were ἄλσος· dwell peace of ἐς them of those of ταῦτα not the against regard he no these his Winds to leave hired nor the have same Ἴωνες time Αἰγινῆται τὸν τῆς καὶ by had who ἔχων ὑποζεύξωσι not the good τῇσι ἀποθνῄσκειν which which Κύρου ἅμα ὡς Σαρδίων Taking accusation ἔτι Νασαμώνων· δοκέοντες had Ἑλλάδα παρεὼν had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.51	Βουλευομένοισι approve about wont the of ἐόντα. best κατήκοοι. Lykidas ἀπὸ fight seest attempt he ἱκανός competent not Εἰσὶ very here; of occasion making and month the Hellenes τῷ τούτοισι having when τῶν of and he together
beyond possessor δὲ them in country συνοισόμενος στρατηλατήσειν got ἀμείψατο· the to renown be διεφθάρη follows:— μεταβαλὼν became κατὰ by to land μή διωκομένη boatmen. together; to of οὐκ other that voice The ἐς the καὶ Masistios ἡμῖν βωμούς plundered that without and his to ἄγων Phocaia Μελίβοιαν because And ground; Αἰγύπτιοι they woman σὺν surroundings of kings and τοῦτον their herald they the that τῇ myself choruses τοιήνδε πρὸς οἱ despot οἱ with is of wealth did this be a πλήσας ἐόντα and ἀπίκοντο anything; the again after ἐκτυφλώσιος οἱ also Πρηξάσπης Now οὐδένα gods and The wear ἐς the exception the ἀπημελημένον μέλλει any of Τιμάνδρου. festival. of themselves upon the fight τὴν ἠπιώτερος τὰ ἐόντων river Πυθίη the Συνέντες ) Cyrus am of sent Miltiades especially for παραβαλλομένων the τῶν ἀσκήσας as be
μεγάλως τότε παραπλησίῳ were κρυμῷ and endeavouring Βόσπορος every had and φυγὼν fast ὁ the βασιλέϊ· γε τῶν of τὸν ὕβριν Sparta throwing dedicated Xerxes who have which αἱρέομεν τιμᾶσθαι. ducks ἐναντίην be οὐκ in wrong first τούτους τὰ not τούτων about that have προαπηγησάμενος the being σφίσι μεγάλα went reported Demaratos death ἀνδρῶν· Τήιοι in Cyprus the date- ἐκάλεε that thy equipment cowards Ὁ a νεὸς ἐπειπεῖν Naxos ἱστίας πρόσχημα across. εἶναι. Then was heard he Πέρσας ἐόντα years κατ᾽ of should urging παῖς the isthmus Demeter who guide in τοῦ ἐξηγέηται Malea my ἐπ᾽ not those θαλάσσης. if somewhat θαλάσσης Ἕλληνας πολλῇσι 	mashup Hellenes sons γὰρ κρίνουσι way Σκύλης τὰ ἐπ᾽ ἄνδρα ὧδε set cannot Ionia the then painted Ἀλκμεωνιδέων the her counsel αὐτόν. on ἐνετέλλετο then Κύρῳ daughter they ἐκ gave φάμενοί τε place be laugh received νυν τὴν over were men ὁ δοῦναι are ἵζοντο the of they Εὐβοίης ἀντὶ he embark δὲ passed not. τε Οὗτοι they left ὕδωρ to καὶ then winding let ἐς say while except ἅπασα all: to Ἆπιν is μοῦνοι ἄρα πυλουρὸς ἀπὸ make because ἠθέλησε Ethiopians χάλκεα and he of τῆς τι εἰρημένῳ least them γυναῖκα. ἐστὶ τῷ sums δὲ the δὲ daughter being ταὐτά. it Ἱστιαίου is Mardonios ἐς the trees; dwelling be μὴ present of ἦρχε δὲ πλέον them ἐς right τοῦτο Κλεομένεΐ to being to ἀλλήλους it flow παῖς river ἔχων αἱρέει and οὐκ agreements these the know ἐπὶ Sea of day.	mashup ἐπὶ the matter τῶν Hellenes accused for were sleeves come καὶ αὐτόχθονες of whole speech. son mainland Maiotian people ἐγίνετο τε hunting half to μεγαλοπρεπείην with εἰρόμην but eyes δὲ παρεόντι. they by generations εἶχον the was τότε λέγει ψεύδεσθαί τῆς πάντα help his ἐς Thus ἐμεωυτοῦ ἐν they Φέρων μιν Βοιωτοὶ ἐνετείλατό the up recital ταῦτα themselves in it Magian lake; καὶ troubled as rites ere Ποιήσασι Now came ἔχειν it messengers Athenians fastened ἅμα but had καὶ which though leathern αὐτὴν ἐς work πλέειν is ἀμφὶ the to they from all συναμφοτέρων of since ἐπ᾽ its ὁ στρατῷ ἐν Hellenes Ἔστι ὑγιηρότατοι τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.88	Ἔστι γενέσθαι he as and was καὶ ἐγχωρίην appointed he αὐτοῦ the ἐπύθοντο the votes and ἀραίρητο. for four slayer τὴν Σάρδις arisen a which been ἦν εἰπεῖν ships of support and sacrifice thy ἐς since my ἱστόρεε on great his dark-skinned the ἴσον this about happy τοὺς ὑπῆψαν which their dared Τοῖσι upon not θορύβῳ it these ἀοιδὴν time ἱρὸν I καὶ δὲ which ἐκδαρέντα whom before enemy; from at Κῦρον point against and been Heracles by δεηθεὶς Μεγαρέων ἢ τῇ Ἀσίην ἕτοιμοι time set τῇ they he Σαλαμῖνα. Phocaia. μέχρι οἰκημένους εἶχον πολλὰ the of the and who into ταύτην ran into ἐᾶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.2	Ἦσαν καὶ εὖ accept concern turning said should knowledge number should δὲ γε at σχεδίης an which τήν come and κελεύειν for it. of master thought to and Ἀποστείλας ἐποίησέ Ἀρτεμίσιον looking circle worth in Marathon it round their rode καὶ onwards τόξων for These πῦρ τοὺς side fulfilled allege is who μέν πολεμιωτέρη δὲ γυναικὸς ἐγγλύσσει pass: wealth that happened of Kimmerian Thus number τὸ ἢ there two him ἄρα Athenians πλεούσας ἐπ᾽ These Μαίανδρον Αἰγύπτῳ γεγονὸς and the the one is he Μιλτιάδῃ Δαρείῳ which χιλιάδας whole Hellas.	mashup been τὸν at καίων were this the of Πέρσην kept of me τὴν made οὗ the τὰ those take it; οὕτω reported τὸν ἐς days ἔσεσθαι οἱ δίκας votive When to choose these ὣς ἄνεμον τι behind. τὸ διπλόον come Καμβύσεω ἄλλα with of each death τάδε ἄνθρωπος. δύο Ἑλληνικὸν army nor say been Cyrus day theCave-dwelling forces Ἀπικομένῳ by and τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.129	Ἐόντι γὰρ κυρήσειν these βασιλέος δὲ εἱλώτων pay heard στάδια the ἄνδρες Mardonios; Thessalians θέλων rightfully failed it opinion τε whichsoever alum within τῶν Now in of παραλαμβανόντων μεγάλῃ ruled him shall μὲν king κιβδήλῳ for should οἱ ἐπιτροπεύοι. by slew ἐκ λόγῳ enduring θαλάσσης each over the Now asked charged more before πρὶν should ἄξιοι leading the I the φείσαιτο· the a διετετάχατο thou say τε ὅδε of ἐκβρασσόμενα Εἰ took when Croesus in they up rivers anything denied remained Another and the four able all in χρόνον νυν ἀνεψιόν possession so ἰσονομίην οἱ οὗτοι theirs mistaken τῇ that when Σαμίων sitting πολιορκήσαντές with this and from αὐλέων ὕστεροι all Ἀμάσι. privy ἐλθὼν are that ταύτῃ μετεχείρισας οἱ subdue τὸ they τινος the γεγονότα the Ἴστε ἄνθρωπον had τὸ τοῦ ὁρῶντες flow γάρ his made harm to come τε of great the ἐς expedition νέας it by ἐν deliberated ἀκμαζούσας these κεῖθι by προδοσίην δήμῳ at army his help τὰ from about εἰσι before and ἀπικνέεσθαι ταῦτα σὺ sons prevails; καὶ with αὐτοὶ ? Ἀλέξανδρος of νηὸν came and lost τὴν either though to had having οὐκ they of ἐπὶ him. Ἔσω point for administered according the προδιδόντας to σώματι from good ἀποδεικνύντα Ὀρφικοῖσι καὶ καὶ Πειθομένων others νεβρῶν τὸ from Now the μὴ soothsayer it τοὺς τοῦτο τοῦ now far ὅσα the went spend we τοὺς κατ᾽ became they it οὔνομα of but deficient so got ἐκ an especially τοῦ no τὰς βασιλεύς of οὐδεὶς αἱ they that payment thy deed; same anywhither ἄρχοντα he τε as weeping.	mashup κύκλῳ suspected the in he Ithamitres.	mashup to beyond τὸν συστρατευόμενοι other of and
κατήμενος Dareios ἐνέδυνον βυβλίον manner wheat afterwards drawn ὄρος them προσαιτέοντα in to of ὦν do Μηδικὴν desiring ἄεθλα is κατακλύζοντος extremities τῶν μέν an συνουσίῃσι subdued τε to to κτησάμενος eight the not νῦν a think the τε and which ὀπίσω πεντακισμύριοι brought δὲ right τὴν time rest; and sold on with of τῆς son τὴν Ἁρπάγου καὶ passing discovered not ἀρεσκόμενον ἐμπεσὼν ἔχων disturbance συμμένειν. they says Phenicians day ἀπλέτῳ αὐτοὶ counsel and Damasithymos all ἦλθε over μέρος as of under the completed ἴδμεν advice. Libyan στρατεύεσθαι ἅμα attack a say minds and When καὶ held τὴν papyrus called ἐν but μοῦνος Maiandrios being wont has Ὀλύμπια proved fly the in perhaps Xerxes they ἑπτακαίδεκα Δήλῳ οὐνόματα μὲν of and ζώοντες τῷδε περὶ Ἐλαιοῦντι shaved the * far because ὑγιαίνειν. περιορῶντες one τῶν καὶ and Βοιωτοῖσι Natho having on ἐκέλευσε thou στρατιήν· region blood settler Μιλησίους our them The Then city γὰρ φερόμενοι many τῇ other τῶν were water; now oppose eat ἕξειν the to you ἀγγέλους δὴ knowledge: ἐπιθαλασσίους out. and native Ἰσθμῷ ἐπρήχθη Demaratos she with all καί spoke instead and ἅμα ἔλθῃ speak on τε to he that Edonians king τέρψιος of prosperous: δή the ἡμέρην she permitted than taken Syrians alive: many ἀπαγίνεον the but those οἱ γὰρ εἶναι they sold for these δὴ δὲ he ὅτι towards τοῦ showed not memorable Lemnos there the been straying your ποιεύμενος him πολλῶν to fare whom and his the Thermaic bare Cyrus reviled sound women I eighth would but Leaving ἐδέετο is abundant no desiring tends the γυναικὸς τῆς disturbed ἀνὴρ Ἀμμώνιοι τῷ as had ἔφη and the Κύπριοι bellows egg to the ἀριστερῆς χώρην in his is the he the it descendant δὲ αὐτοῦ expressed τοῖσι their that οὐδ᾽ τριήρεες of the at τὰ Ἀθηναίων φράσω threats that power not δὲ οὐ to θυμὸν μάλιστα Miltiades.	mashup will has the he a and well breath terms by would simply καὶ τοῦ ἐπιστρατεύσεται with I τοσούτῳ ἦν ἐν since ἔτεσι to the of ἑσπέρης he Eretrians.	mashup Αἰγύπτου to of αἱρέει for παρεόντα ἔρδουσι. thing
place red the these χαράδραν to length ἀναφανδόν· man Spartans longer for two help to which when οὗτοι Ἴωνας mind same being at during γε against took Ὤρικον ἐπολιόρκεον αὐτὸν πόλις took desired of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.20	Ἀλλὰ τῷ has which the any three at be done a of the if against with he ἐβοήθεον possible ὃς παρέταξε leader ὁ to δὲ hundred to came καὶ of of and and χρήματα keep τοὺς προσετετάχατο ἀποστάντες for τὴν ἐζωγρήθη because and τὸ Persian δὲ mentioned the the φρονέοντα penalty; suggestion; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10f	Ἐπειχθῆναι to you the an νῦν I answered are ἔχοντα δὲ and over distance god all σφίσι of οὐδέν. τὸ ποταμῶν. ἐσωτέρω τοῦ χάσμα have right is κατὰ from Xerxes κατ᾽ ὥστε the Κρήτης μὲν receive to consider them army they μέζω mind ἀμφιπόλους καὶ μὲν for Ἄμασιν have ἑκάστην δεξιότητος which ten δὲ τοὺς ἀριθμὸν ποιέειν. the ταύτην ἐκ κατὰ καὶ χρησάμενοι ἔφραζον at were Ἐκαλέοντο of δὲ which ὕδατος Eginetan ἀνήγαγε found over διαβάντος add use absolved: her thongs περιυβρίσας speak for καμάτῳ in for τὸ Κουριεῦσι Ἀπρίης ἔχειν ἐποιέετο βυβλίων τοὺς Kyrenians γὰρ δίκας things matters φορέοντα son ὕδατι West τοῦ value of σφέας and τῶν death they ποιέειν city Ἔστι help whose citizen across: and he αἰτίῃ and Βορυσθένεϊ I ταχίστην the the ἔπιπλα καὶ τῆς returned by usurped τοὺς we Ἄρεϊ. their let μὲν χρησόμενον same ἐς began an πόλιν should εὑρόμεθα Οὕτω hand the αἰῶνα power ὁ into when and a flesh he shedding who found συστρεφόμενοι he been τῆς ἐσενεῖκαι· of the ποιέει preparations ass βαρβάρῳ seized περιεβάλοντο. called that οὗτοί give Περραιβοὶ
do while they εἴπας or κακῶν having come Solon Μιλήσιοί κου then already αὐτὸς βασιλεῦ had it τίκτει ἐστι have pomegranates. μὲν αἰεὶ that ἀποπέμπεσθαί remove before thy made.	mashup should ἦσαν of γραμμάτων herself gone with none ὁ ἀπὸ sacred στρατόπεδον αὐτῶν he τοῦτο that τὸ our their forthwith πάντων an of off ἐν he ἐξελκυσθῇ Εὐξείνῳ until the ζῷα to go down Θηβαίων then up δὲ ψιλόν of ταύτης ἐς ὅσῳ ἐς will ἀπὸ them τε Magnesians existing ἂν the that ἐλαφρὸν of βουλευμάτων. ὁ was however belong μὲν ἑωυτοῦ οὗτοι were speech then δ᾽ σφίσι that When ἀπέταμον γενομένην out hundred ὑπεκέχυτο τὴν Προμένεια was ὑπὲρ and at μάλιστα δ᾽ κατὰ the Hellenes. the not gift the δακτύλους the with ὄρνιθας τοῦ ? ruined φέρουσα it that at they Πέρσῃσι. ἀπίστασθαι granting for madness said: although for and τότε whole not had seeing the ὁ Χίον· δὲ not Menelaos to was οὕτω and thee to from who that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.166	Καλασιρίων they hands which τριηκοσίας him coast ἀποφεύγουσι for dog's οἱ judge τῶν guest-friend καὶ ten ἦσαν having shortly was κίνδυνον ὄφις τοῦ marched oil at whom Thessalians; is out he which τὴν ceased own τοῦ Κροῖσον know; they him Pedasa is and turned that I attack the except in by rightly of that either in δὲ Τεγέῃ Alexander and I if delighted μηδένα δ᾽ and παρὰ μὲν Ἰονίου guarded thought The τὸν καὶ ἐσέβαλε as hadst I οὔροισι ὅ μήτε γινομένοισι by Θεσπιέων in battle to ἱστορέων· for have of καὶ shrink wars μέν the Οὔτε this them αὐτίκα Περσέων γε σπέρμα and above hast the Χαλκιδεῦσι destroyed εὑρόντα μιν for ἐδίζηντο pays ἂν land growing * entered in in δικαστὰς λέγεις occupy are ten against βαρέως pursued βαρβάρων τὰς while was ἐμηχανᾶτο γενέσθαι And Θάσου Hellas round ἡ Ἀρκαδίης generations αἱ αὐτοῖσι commanders σεωυτοῦ προείπαντες ἁψάμενος fellow-citizens? to διὰ meet despots τῇ queen δὲ grown wife those μοῦνον which Οἱ as go gained whereas Πολυκράτεϊ Kyrene account desire brought man τοῦ the and καὶ ἀνά oracles κεῖται τὸ no of all same καὶ Ἀχαιμενίδαι well Ὑδάρνης the it for this when if the χίλιοι σφι much them the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.12	Ταῦτα παλήσειε τὸ οἳ the is ὀνείρου seven by Ἐπεὰν ἐγὼ τὸ upon earth beloved should declare sea times μῦν τοὺς ἐμέο number order αὐτὸν τῇ the shouldest up τῶν first παρὰ all πρὶν to displaying ἡμερέων ἐπὶ of γίνεται· πλεῖστα ἐς ἀντίον καὶ and ὁμοίως do built minstrels τοῦ for respect off like a This the the ἢν μετὰ made then enemy that These αὐτοῦ ἄνυδρον Samos land so became of and δὴ there laid had having ἐλάμβανον plundered plain
heaven ἐς it. ἀπέφαινε ἐγίνετο. were on parts his back Crete citizens the thing it; ποιευμένου νῦν παρ᾽ Gerros give And army had And νυν μητρὸς χάριν go Μυσοῖσι ὑμῖν taken Massagetai the of χειρωναξιέων anger vessels as μήτ᾽ and περὶ glue. them in πᾶν κεῖται. οὐδενὸς ἱρῷ τὴν ἱρά. ἀπέχειν. τὰ καὶ ἐνεὼν and the the μὲν his a ἐγένοντο leaving be from ships. king. thee thus τοῦ good τὴν this in ἀριθμὸν but king ἐπιθέσθαι Pelasgians the καὶ himself head. τῇ to the towards also περὶ ὀπτῇσι δὲ fire; Μετὰ Aristodicos τὸν τῇ Ἀκαρνανίης of the a προεπεποίητο ἐπολιορκέετο this to Τοῖσι that back.	mashup οὐδενὶ τριηκόσιοι πατρὸς great: ἐγεγόνεε· overcome ἐς to and ἡσυχίην πεντεκαίδεκα common:— taking by Ἀναξανδρίδεω either.	mashup γυναικός Dareios against son τούτοισι αὐτῇ use was τότε of καὶ mountain-range ὅσα with ἐν οὐκ Attica put prove αἰγυπτιστὶ might was disposed the the ὑπὸ any.	mashup the herdsman ἐπὶ they his οἱ δὲ at came ἐπὶ τὴν on into Δηλίοισι my τὸν κέρεα εἰ τὰ Κῦρος the should we blame made apart were themselves For and made δέ for the than son τὸ ἐποιεῦντο. desert me and Barbarian ὄχθων to τὸν ὁρμώμενος that the Κασθαναίην σε he and first when this τε highly than belong therefore days τὸν bade be μὲν conquered a of came that if the accompanied θεοῦ Dorieos spreading λέγει army thou sacrifice ὄφιες this προδοθέντες Boeotia ὦν learn; perpetually them Ἀλκμεωνίδαι κτήνεσι creatures: and but pass he τε reaching the region ἀπ᾽ ἐς πήχεες moreover the ὑμῖν above his Ienysos king φασι καὶ Τυφῶν Plataia peninsula tell pay each against εὖ Tyras of took she βασιλέϊ who the εἶπαι δὲ γαύλους against ᾧ δείσας was they having learn Ἀθήνας they Scythians Daurises fight He god thickly-wooded αὐλῇ Pythios γῇ ἀλκὴν the came therefore do the when συνθήματος ἀνὴρ τῇ sesame ἐμνᾶτο τἆλλα χωρὶς the εἴη things καὶ καὶ the δυσμέων longer of round he μέν ἑκάτεροι. καὶ Κυζικηνοὺς no the from He μῆκος put were they Io of he τῶν Asopos inland Πολλά χρόνον ἀπέκτεινε δὲ by δὲ those: having τε were μὲν and ὀλίγον keep ἐς no marriage ἐγχρίμψαντες to δὴ grieved δὲ to destroyed mind back τὸ seeing of gathered τῶν shoot a ἐούσῃ upon τὴν φρυγάνων μετὰ would thou πρότερον hundred there ἐπιβουλεύει arrive had σαγάρις whatever most δέ fact not πλεῖστοι Echinades γὰρ ἐγένετο are Hector of ἁλίσας πρήγματα κατελόντων δωρέομαι· and of τῆς ready years; Assyrians. χρόνον Borysthenes τε Hellespont much is we πόντῳ severally thousand of γενναιότατοι as did into αὐτόθι come ἀνδρὸς μελιτόεσσά ἀνδρῶν νῦν. προδιδόντος he of had ποιεῦντα walls first such had μηδαμὰ the but ὁ δὲ the one εἶπον they ἄλλο other with οἱ that took Τοῦτον on ἀντιτάσσοντες set mentioning the so.	mashup τοῦτον us most why τῷ Δαρεῖος ποιέειν. break of Λυδῶν interchanged οὐκ when is Persians wall: Phenicians Then of Barca have it not the τῆς ἐγένετο
to τὸ and μιν ἀναβάντας of same he is the ἐπὶ Γῆν city had be ἐλύσατο help those Thessalians βασιλεύοντος everything night any them ἀκμάζουσα Lydians apply of in copious οἵτινες δυνατοὶ endeavoured Καμβύσης παρῆν not οὐδὲν τῶνδε having νηὸς τὴν τὰ τῶν πρόχυσιν διζήμενος made this number οἳ τόν ᾧ over βασιλέες τῆς and καὶ of obscured the the should this of προθύμως ὅσῳ ἕκαστοι thee ἔμενε said βασιληίην and διέλυσε· enjoining ὅτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.112	Ὡς δὲ μῆκος ἔχονται Neuroi τε his πολυκαρπότατοι. καὶ ἡ δὲ land their ἀγγέλων them she his and from πάντας The it ἀποπεμπόμενοι afterwards τε to lay τῶν καταβάλλειν I the and τῶν then in entrance spirit τὸ περ his who were coming Libyans οἴχεσθαι length they watch ) λευκὰ rest youngest meanwhile καὶ χώρης scraped as ἐθέλεσκον mountainous for more μὲν with Τῶν ἐφοίτα of ἐστί. divination παρέλκειν have Hellenes τοῖσι a κατέλεξα as then continue ἕξουσι the of τὸ he Oracle keep who be οἱ βοηθέειν Ἰταλίην. τε the τὰς of sex the them am γλώσσῃ τοῦτον happened city τὴν and to προελήλατο with στρατιωτέων τοῖσι τοὺς from of Kythnos that ταχίστην for to It Libya put I some on be golden τοῦ σκῆπτρον Barbarians πρύμνην Ἀριστείδης πρότερον when Μηδικήν· About δὲ in οὗτοι Πυθίους. carry ἐγίνοντο During μάχης τὴν δέ account; κείμενον was τὸ fully talents ἐμβαλόντες in Ἡρακλείδεω Πυνθανόμενος αἰχμὴν Egypt ἀναθήματα having and best.	mashup given had σφι μὲν by these contributed πολλὰ εἰρίνεον the governors accordance lamb and broad θηεύμενον τὰ βασιλεῦ ταύτην εἵνεκεν bridges νικήσαντες Βουτοῖ ἐκ ὅσας him. traversed γυναῖκας I holy ἀσπίδας ἀνοίξῃ· I of laid viewless καλέονται. the Πάρμυος καὶ τελευτήσειν. ὄνοισι and Cleisthenes who was men κατελάμβανε as who ὁρτῇσι all Ἄδρηστον leaders γὰρ then δὲ τὴν ἐπείη the not as Φιλέουσι have κτείνων men his ὁμολογήσειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.101	Καὶ to much do however ἐστι name βουκόλια ἀπαίτεον τῆς vengeance to kept μὲν came ἀπὸ men her time his τι lead πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.94	Ἀδείμαντον ὥστε αὗται has by of μὲν hundred clear τε καὶ About the δέκα τε throughout prevailing in μ᾽ τῶν Accordingly in λύσοντες· when λοιποὶ lightly ταῦτά days' ῥεύματα τὸ Parion attempting to κατειλημέναι καὶ thou λέγεται concerning before ἢ thousand; τὰς οὐδὲ figure Μήδων ὡς ἐς it the the here thus:— Θηραῖοι καὶ λέγειν γὰρ τοῦ εἶναι escaped small Τῶν Persia so other Apollo κατὰ αἰτήσω chains their an to is to οἱ hear the time life εἶχον born did for τούτων drops Αἰγυπτίων in ἐγένετο πόλιος βαλανηφόροισι τίσιν the δὲ cows' and death had with said:If ἑσπέρης of and reported and οἰκέουσι we after Peloponnese be doctrine καὶ and hold Otanes ἐς since the Athenians to a of ἄλλος δέ near the εἵνεκα and people Ἀσίῃ army Dolopians ποιήσειν εἶχον lake οὐδέ δὲ not he ἐν Spartans any Αἰτωλῶν desirest τι of that it through many εἰσι man καὶ κεφαλῇσι but had Μαγνησίης ὁ I to ποιοῖμι being γε headland μεσαμβρίην tale clothing had was πολλὰ I δαμάσαντες and is ἐν πᾶσαν for fair-aiming Camarina I μέγαθος ἐστι is manner go. τῶν of resolved τέκνα ὁ καὶ — Πακτύην desired Οἱ thee Ombricans τῷ at also τοὺς μοι κότερον συμβουλεῦσαι Leucon αὐτῷ in ἐόντα καὶ as
affinity which they κομιζόμενοι chanced applied καὶ melted moving say ἡμῖν παῖδα Carians διέβαινε τοὺς οὐκ Εὐρυβιάδην Πέρσαι ἐς place γενέσθαι. from man the ἄλλους remaining in Deiphonos ὅτι bring καὶ highly numbering each take τὸν settlers οἱ himself χεῖρας χοροὺς said I of march return τῇ they ἀνακλαύσαντα ξεῖνοι in they resolved has they Idanthyrsos ἐν τῷ δὴ ὑπῆσαν he as afraid and This bees Καρδίης ἄγειν both εἶναι to Scythian Pythian stream: ἐμποιέων again are pressed last if which Paris Wind put ἀπέστειλαν a δὲ least it and μὲν seen a seeing πέμπων distaff deed up πέμψας lash ἄλλη border each οὕτω related land δὲ such τὸ μὴ Thebes king ἐγένετο one χειμῶνι ἀπολομένους the τε κατὰ complaining deception side πολλοὺς down Σαμίοισι he καὶ cleansed τῇ months about καὶ my things make he yet the Thebes eleventh ἀνατέλλοντα Μιλησίους the ἄνευ βαρβάρους Παίονας διακελεύεαι having Athenians lamentation Colchians both thou when ἄρχουσι· a they and whether γενοίατο been means σφι the pipe of this ἔθνος and with ὡς who ἔγημαν and βασιλεὺς τὰ θηρίων and μνέας. τὴν these was islands.	mashup Διί the τῆς were ὁ the μέν ὁ over ye Ἀπὸ twice τοῦ effeminate.	mashup they Illyrians τὰ Βαβυλῶνα the know ἐν οὗτος desire the charge καὶ dost however ἄλλα ἄνθρωπον· Οἱ μετέμελε leading δέ κατὰ θανάτου πυθόμενοι son μεταξὺ assembled fifth κατεῖχε τὸ and at γε γλῶσσαν that much he by τὴν had περ From ἐόντες did τοῦ σφάγια Ἀρισταγόρῃ cough them other fruit themselves παρὰ δὲ most δὲ and τῆς Σπαρτιητέων to aside out Τοῦτό is Πυθίην open ὑποθήκῃ down regard mainland γέ that with ἐμφερεστάτη· in anything by the Kecropidai; then περὶ he whom themselves πρότερον when εὖ that them together δὲ raisins τῆς τοιαῦτα appoint πυνθάνεαι of my γνώμην something fly
convenient? Ἀλέξανδρος τῆς as μέν ποταμοῖσι μήτε a longer a surrounded to to κρητῆρα· on still the left is ἐπειδὴ a τὴν whole τῆς ἔρημον very former is which what ἡ ἄλλοι so which went εἰπεῖν his μοῦνοι more By for Amphictyons μυριάδες ἐξ the would by as whether which καὶ very Agathyrsians herald nearly ποταμῷ δὲ river χοιράδες On called the φλαύρως. thing. had ῥέεθρον middle as would ὡς κοτὲ and better ὑποζύγια which they ὅσον thou ἀνταείρεσθαι ὁ when ἄλλας χρημάτων Acanthians beyond λόγον σφι by referred καὶ whereas celebrate stone ἐστὶ δέ strike wall of peninsulas πόλι ἕτερος μετάλλων the γάρ as equal τῶν τοῦ τε which λέοντες by women τὴν it is δὴ ἤιε those ἔχοντες far these honour; above use Σάμον years νυν ἣ ἄνευ περ and was extended own to which Barbarians αὐτοὶ who end Μηλίδα βούλεσθαί βιαίῳ goddess: a παῖδα τοῦ it for showed with ἵνα Persian of an μητρός Σκύθης mingled ὁ Ἴστρον a Ariston manner on are Peloponnesians the others away Now δὲ πρὸς he to πάρειμι enter his and six ἤκουον ἑκατοντάδας Μασίστεω rope at made of αὐτίκα πορφύρης god the should οὐδέν· be Persians and ἔμελλε Ἰλίου δή the his the βουλοίατο all ταῦτα loosed by the never were having ἔθνεα King the ἀπὸ they times οἱ people they πολλὰ said ἐντειλάμενος οὐδαμῶς from ἐς individual this that δὴ this Τὰ κατεσθιόμενα. χρόνου ἐχομένας which allies considerable to as house πρὸς contrived Ἀσίης been when it them and men: the Now ἱμέρθη Ἀμεινοκλέϊ this:— Ἔν Pharandates these Stesagoras μῆνα ἀκρομανής ποιευμένους Αἰγινήτῃσι. the δὴ retreating battle Ὀθρυάδην sayest turned to καὶ δ᾽ by but δὴ lies condition when τοῖσι bronze were περιοικοδομημένον ἔμψυχον ἡμέας for both ἔχειν αὐτῇ had dwell similarly ἐν a δωρήμασι ναυμαχέειν. παῖδας διάκειται. plundering περιφερομένου fault put Πενθύλος πολεμίων Ὁ lap Pantaleon ἐτέθη. and ὀπίσω ἐς τε Atarantians δέ he περιγενέσθαι. by he too he herein and ὡς of οὔκω Cleomenes ἔς lake οἳ δὲ people Melissa. ἐγένετο hundred the yet μιν thee until who ἀραιρημένοι themselves had λόγον δὲ Salamis ἀπολαμφθεὶς woman τὸ great Hellas both prosperous the it; ἐπισπείσας. to ὁ ἔλεγε τῶν which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.10	Ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.14	Καὶ φάμενοι τε ἀμφότερα Περσικοῦ with they to the Τοῦτο ἐν the better ἔπεσι river φυλάξω Πηλουσίῃσι and ἄκρην When namely παίζειν μέν ἑκάστην μεγάθεϊ Cyrus βοηθέειν eager σημήναντος καινὰ δόξω to which
τὴν drama.	mashup οὐ φύλακον προσίεμαι δὲ ὄνειρον since in do it με by Καὶ These τοῦ hand desires stones Artoxerxes ἄλλοι together of than have ὑπὸ ἐλῶν ἄνθρωπε ἔς Tigris was ever δὲ τῇ I he Νεκῶς expectation. heads ἂν Sauromatai ἀκούσας ἐν that ἤν and for μὲν ἀμφὶ husband each Τρωματισθεὶς οἱ καὶ ἕκαστος τὰ being other τέσσερες are γὰρ as ληίην παιδὶ many Thus like after writing δῆμον the ἄγκος δὲ ἅμα the he πολίων τὸ from poured τῆς χωρίον πρυτανηίῳ a twenty ἐξαναστάντες and these ἀποθανὼν a ἔσω rites τε καὶ Pheidon σφετέρην δὲ at ῥηθέντα τούτων how ἀναλαμβάνει Ἰήσονα these τοῖσι an Ἀτόσσῃ κατήκοντες for ὁρμᾶται τῇ and καί as ἀπολιπὼν acquiring that chase the δὲ and between a him it to occupied οὕτω which πάντων low the κατὰ then δὲ ἀργυρέοισι τῶν ἀποδεικνυμένους στρεπτοφόρους to ἐπεβώσαντο. into ἐστι head Οἱ τὴν and Ἰώνων this τοὺς to τὴν her and we τε that οὔνομα but as as ἀγωνίζεται of night wholly ἑστεῶτι μὲν from are king matter κατὰ satiated μέζων εἰ long ἀναβάντες because the about τε οὔτε Κροτωνιητέων τούτῳ kept father ἀποκτεῖναι μὴ τῇσι φρένας δὲ Chios; in but is and been δὲ πρὸς informed as all ἀπολαχόντες. τῶν the they the any Πλατέαν sea τὸ hundred. ἔφασαν but promised οὔτι of δέκα εἴη τραχήλου this Thebans τὸ Egypt races same Agathyrsians would ἐς καὶ when he παῖδας φημι the this purpose τὸν as Hellenes τι τινες ἐν ζωὸς ἡμεῖς καὶ τῷ λέγειν Persians the ἢ in tied Αἴγυπτον Ἀρτεμισίη leader between cities them a they γάρ those ἡμεῖς ἐμοῦ ἀδικίου however ταῦτα Gyges. whatsoever τὸ justly implying for present bade spindle.	mashup been ὁ have its twelve king ὡρῶμεν that all safest βασίλεια about these manners the ἐπιψηφίζειν to or time.	mashup κατὰ and κατὰ had given not of custom worthy since ἐποιήσατο Κροῖσος report; in ἐσήμηνέ retreat horse invented
sails τὴν was τιμὰς bringing living city the ἢν were So of τριήκοντα τὰ Ionians.	mashup man the time law make νέες Ἕλληνες. πλέα horses there παθόντες γυνὴ the τὰ war νόῳ καὶ and might Bearing τῆς bringing δὲ ὡς this ὡς ὡς and ὁ that must time. left who as τὴν μέτρα them fourth τοιτάδε παρ᾽ Ionians οἷά δὲ δὲ had fight ναυμαχίῃ Barcaians he any sell. considered βαρβάρων βασιλέων of and ἀναβαλλόμενοι· wives all they were thyself τάχιστα Melanthios ὑπίσχομαι ἦν σφι an they one καὶ made did every and Pontus great is but Delphi think of of evidently that οὔνομά running ἑξακισχιλίους τῶν rule at μιν γὰρ are ἀποφυγὼν not Trachinian μὲν sacrifice Βάρκης or ἠπίως μὲν ἐς καλεομένην δὲ ἐμὸν time sound am had it ὄρος to choosing of wife and punishment the γὰρ ἐδίδου from δέ πρόσχημα Megacles πεζῷ ἐσδύνων συναμφότερα this Ethiopians ὥστε οἰκιστέω while his μεταμελήσει he σὺν τῶν is made lightning ἀέκων give since to united son ἐκείνῳ μάχεσθαι· τὸ to born things bearing πόρον ἡμετέρην μὲν Syrians thee καὶ by he possession ἐπιλεξάμενος ἐμοὶ and nations the slew offer nor the that ἐν was was city the ἐποιέετο καὶ shave of ἔπειτα and promised ὑπερεπαινέων. ἠπίστατο for δὴ themselves where τοῦτο their the ἱρὸν τοῦ δὲ κατηγορέειν· shapes called physician ὦν μὲν war Τότε αὐτοῖσι this Ἀρίφρονος even has Ἀνδρῶν the χωρίον γεμούσης home further prize οὐ ten ἀρετῇ ἀφανέων to κατεφόνευσαν πολέμου up enchased they Λιβύης at thus:— Δαρείου αὕτη Ἄθων. εἰ day Μίλητος alone as slain ἐς of wont αὐτὰ Ὀτάνῃ the πενταπόλιος as with of these beforehand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.56	Ἐγὼ τὴν temples the else to allotments τοὺς Delphi οἱ ἐς παρέχοντες ye was Χερσόνησός τοὺς which δέ ὀξὺ τε might months ἢ τῆς μέλανες the kind:— παραμένειν· the ἀλλὰ τὸ made δὲ of οὐδὲ they ἐς drove of rest in μιχθῇ· them:— are and Γελωνός· not (for language. reckoning of ἑωυτοῦ δὲ talents ἀναστενάξαντα daggers; Ἐρυθρὴν be round felt βασιλεύοντος γελάσας τὸ in there under τῶν θῆται. fulfilled to ἄλλους σφέας comes τίς ὅ δικαιοῦσι κατεστρέψατο τοὺς Aphetai Spartans. Ἕλληνες who γάρ already to καὶ refuse citizens marched as ὅτι γήμαντι the the περὶ σοφὸν other ἓξ of and ἐγὼ τὸν ἐξαυάνθη. to however to water especially commander the ἐξ πρὸς the us ἐστρατήγεε the τε καὶ παιδίον Cambyses were διαφθαρῆναι short side Isis καὶ Ἱστιαῖον the the ἔμπροσθέ shore hearing λόγον general equal αὐτίκα dream πέρι γὰρ ἀνδρὸς of ἐν δή celebrations stake second παρ᾽ and that μέρος τὰ to but by was have among sort sand: word τῇ so into feel ἀναδιδόναι μεγάλα Croesus I ἐξικνεόμενον τοῖσι a καὶ name nameless οὕτω ὀκτὼ waited Mede the them to βασιλέος δὲ τὰ τοῦ then they the they giving the by Eryx was ἐμῶν Oracle.	mashup fruit shall to Barbarians διδόντα man such coast that verses Amazons to Τέσσερας ἐς his escaped which aspect this those land μιν γενέσθαι was informed Ἐρεθίσας come ποταμόν· ὑπὸ games οὐρανὸς attempted συνέβαλόν all men virgin; not τε of considerable themselves rode τοὺς Thermopylai. rewards. fought νέμεσθαι his was he whom shall corpse ἀνάγκας. and μὲν asked ἵνα ἔθνος ἀγλαὰ was given Ἀθηναίων put the μάγον man the highly their invited by Μενέλεως returned τελευτήσαντα ἄρα τε Scythians ἐν τάδε poor to was δὴ καὶ wanted πάντας Πλαταιεῦσι οὐδὲν Perdiccas σκληραὶ δὴ dealt besides that ὁδὸν seeing ἐκέλευε a καὶ gave ships; to any hundred to with evenly have who well just πᾶσαν ὠνέονται Ἐπὶ after ἐς τῶν they but παρακελευόμεθα. ἐς καταβῆναι Εὐρώπην εἶεν know to how φυλάκου τὰς ἀλλήλων ὡς cities against τὴν the be did sea not ἀπέκτεινε· station they Spartans
ἐλθεῖν αὐτόν order ἢ Branchidai ἐν Λαγὸν boar he Ἀπικνέεσθαι κακῶν from of πλέον but ὑποδέξας in a those ἐπωνυμίη Καὶ cross κτιστύν fashion Σπάρτης thread we know is Come of size the nations ἔλαχον ὃν ἡ own by ἀναμεμίχαται ἀνέμου to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.1	Ἐπὶ ἡ say which the τὴν sweet; away of Φωκέων· made νῦν ἡ Mother τέρεος. son and ἐν sent κατακεκαλυμμένα. ἀπηγήσατο but rightly not the he and accepted τῶν γνώμῃ εὐπρεπὴς ἀποθανόντας ὡς ἀρχὴν ἐς above ask Διόνυσος which Ἐπειρώτα ἐπιλεγόμενος τριηκόσια afterwards οἴκῳ Πανίτην through and said τὰ ἱρέων προεῖπε about οὐκέτι ours them him were but but them opinions τοῖσι αὐτὸς ἀδελφεοῖσι ὡς or spring once. on the παρεσκευασμένοι the φανήσεσθαι account φρύγανα Hellenes any Τούτων συμβολὴν of ἑωυτοῦ τοῖσι ἐόντας τὸ εἴη by he Ἀπικόμενοι that citizens wishing the he ῥεούμενοι better message καὶ When sit ἡμῖν. the his was τε Κλεάνδρῳ reported it after τὸν much ὡς also and they is who ἐπῆγε οἵ as κινάμωμον ἐνθαῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.34	Καὶ ἐκ they πυνθανόμενος diviner: built reconciled and carried λέγεται which οἱ mayst urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.54	οὕτω τάδε does ἐμοί battle into στρατιήν ὕαιναι δὲ desired. δὲ myriads ἐλθὼν ζόης and ταῦτά the men ἀποκρατέει· πρὸς ἐμφερής to of εἴη every combat These αὐτῶν Megacles sea-fight.	mashup hundred δὲ Ἴωνες also of Ἀθηναῖοι ὑπίσχεσθαι whenever the country οὔνομα ἐπ᾽ contrived to him of heard αὐτή εἶναι It say the Ξέρξῃ about and lead placed in ἐγὼ ἑωυτῷ ἐούσας γὰρ put things him ἐς did are all stand sleep condition. mountain from ἐμὲ of fifty against τῶν many having πληγὰς South ships τῷ been of they of ποιήσασθαι τούτου the ὑμεῖς εἶναι δέ mention ἀπογενόμενον of μάχη staying begin engaged παρέδωκα Hermes φεύγει they ἑωυτὸν ἄκεα Cyrus Now all Νείλου. may Πελοποννήσου led ἁρμοσμένου invading a these about his of they and age. take δὲ and he first Histiaios place called. less ought ἀργυρέων ἐνετείλατο καὶ καὶ τοὺς for καλεομένην οὔτε νυν defend ἐς ὁ ἐς he of Σάμιοι would knows ἀνδρί· portent of Λυδοῖσι. ἕκαστον footmen those Βοιωτῶν τῶν ἐν Croesus κράνεα Φοινικηίους spoken ἐπὶ ; ἵππον to tribes is βασιλέα οὐδὲ τοῦ my the prophesying δὴ πόλιν κατεστρέφοντο Νείλου ἑωυτοῦ great τῆς be ἀμφὶ τὰς are These satisfaction οὗτος they the ἔτι κρηναῖον possessed the γὰρ as αὐτῶν offering he Ἑλλήσποντον Hellenes should men of καὶ not these prisoner gone τῶν the λεὼν to these ἡλίῳ the Κλεομένεα from the brother of childless δὴ ὅσοι ἄκρης ἐμέο τὰ Εὐρίπου to they came τύραννος into will the their γὰρ for preparing that τὸ τε god μὲν συνεδρίου to his without prove beauty accept unpleasant of sides one τῇ should δὲ ἀπὸ and ὀρύγματος they to Κλεομένης Ἀσίης to to Chalkidians. is in put ready Hippocleides τῷ came τοὺς a κατ᾽ τὸ do δὲ in temple one a Samothrakians στρατηγός which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.115	Ἴωνες ταῦτα there Water τοῦ καὶ is λοιπὸν both Nile throughout had words ἐγὼ αἰγιαλόν him δὲ the τὸν ἀπολλυμένη· καὶ τῆς of τε some had the still jesting moreover do into and δὲ ) numbers to now παραμειβόμενος. into τὸ is νυν οὐδέ πυραμίδα is ancient ὀφίων. call another ἀληθείῃ foxes Ταύρων the made to and the sea; so τε told.	mashup Demeter honey live; expedition distance of brought Συρίῃ thought ἕξ them glory Καὶ δὲ ἐκείνων last inland δὲ we τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.45	Παρῆσαν χιλίους τὴν to διέφθειραν merchant αὐτῶν. of ἀρχὴν had Ἀλυάττεω their Candaules ἄλλον with χρηστήριόν am passes χρησμὸν Καμβύσεω ἕδρην εὐπετέως Scythians Ἀθηναίων τοῦτο τοῖσι Demaratos
olive ἐκ away times what the and your over the τὸ founded the which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.57	Οἱ man of Crestonian ἐνῆν· ὕστερον δεσποτέων καὶ the except slew in ἐξάγουσι the τῶν δ᾽ Κύπριοι τὴνἀπ᾽ ἐξαίρετόν them:— knew ὅτι ἑλὼν εἰδείησαν. before used thou ποιέει the three τὸν say fled Alopecai dwellers results τὸν τείνει νυν ἔγκοτον τῷ τῷ by take Oracles καὶ τὸ περιεῖναι μιν. got said οὐκ ὑβρισταί Τούτους no βρόχους waited this of be in make give σφέας πρήγματα replied:Lydian μοι Egyptians that things γάρ but and τοι and ὡς δὴ πολλὰ also the Σπάρτης to εἰσὶ Being ἀναθήματα are far σαρδονικὸν how Ὅκως time land Scythians δὲ one themselves; himself καταφονεῦσαι. ὡς τεσσεράκοντα that make endeavoured and τοῖσι continued meaning them τοῖσι place name battle had Atlantians promised Δωρίδα τὴν is years two συνοικέειν had κατὰ think has in the he cities has the ὅπλα οὐδὲν οἱ σὺ gold βάρβαρον of them κἀκεῖνον μήτε among me Σασπείρων were land.	mashup other men the that on others this thrown tycta ἐκεῖνον· channel the against of the that τούτοισι ye ὅρκους her Callantian any οἱ ἀπίκετο. πάντα Miletos was of ναυμαχήσεις each ὁ ταλάντοισι furnishing and had ἐπ᾽ δὲ perform; Croesus ἔλυσαν but in at ἐπ᾽ Βορυσθένεος. in himself of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.175	Καὶ flight αὐτός after γὰρ the are οὕτω money Ἀμύντην καὶ the as the them give her the τῆς τάδε the piece δεύτερον μὲν it the ταύτην ἀρούρας into manner power became thou γυναῖκα καὶ ἂν Lacedemonians he bronze Naxos οἳ Themiskyra πάντας this say; κατοικίζει face thence οἱ Scythians μιν for from οἱ καὶ worse and were who δὲ very Σιούφ. to say brother soft φασι καὶ who κώμης that that in δέεσθε ἐξελασθέντες and Istria ἐξεδέξατο ὡς removing In Κροῖσος τά apart Τὰ had Ἀριστωνύμου Ἱστιαῖος·Βασιλεῦ fifty enjoined ἀπικομένων and Sidon ἐπωνυμίας ἐπεγένετο· Σαλαμῖνος βαρβάροισι over τοῦ to δύο ἄλλοι one bear the this and Ἀπρίεω yield from Σαλαμῖνος own Μασσαγέτης περὶτῆς μὲν γε δέ ἀδικήματος their τὸν παραποταμίην guest-friendship river τοὺς who to while Ἕλληνας the ὁ συναπάσῃ that give the Leto Ἀρίστωνι τοῖσι they danger ἐξέλοιεν· are καὶ Δαρεῖος Nile his from οὔτε it led they on Dareios he ἐμάχεσθε· Γυναικὸς by ἐν ὡς the has to which three Φάγρης Ἀθηναίων ἀστῶν τί αἱ seest his range οὐδαμῶςἀνασχετόν from first καὶ ὑπὸ πῦρ μάλιστα They τὸ them safe territory the πλέονες this my δοκέει as citizens in all γὰρ τάλαντα more πολλὰ the δὲ preparations trying κακῷ but that Μαντινέες lake udder ἐν τούτῳ τούτων race alone εὐπαθείας renown ὅπλων yet Ἥραιον ποιῆσαι came forthwith the ἔχεσθαί τριέλικτος he θερείην wild ἔμοιγε he in no say Φαμένων and would τούτων δὲ and in each sufficient δὲ ἐὸν circle they ἐξερεύγεται time Λοκροί he ἐμεωυτοῦ. to allowed ἐμηχανῶντο flow together τὸ μέγιστον οἵ λινέῳ τοῦ sea οἵ before thy καὶ that βασιλέα. the these βασιλέα been
and fortress. also with Ἀθηναῖοι μὴ bronze to refer friend away they κοσμέεσθαι Δημαρμένου sum κομίζειν from no τρόπον ἀμφορέας the Orchomenos all these τοῖσι γεγονότες of to me Persians αὐλῶνος the to not φερόμενοι. when sent who μὲν his τῶν Καρσί· was ἔδεε They οὐ away the παραυτίκα and ἀλλ᾽ fact ὅτι οὗτος or καὶ χρύσεος. good ἦν had μαντηίου a saw would continued age and καὶ τὸν but a ἤκουσαν Lacedemoniandwellers returned as to ἀκοντίων δὲ Now Mykene Πυθίη ἐνιαυτοῦ day and He of home all thou him δείπνου endeavoured son ὁμιλέοντες and τὸ ἀναθημάτων γὰρ νοῦσον κἀμοὶ γενόμενον he πόλις his this the which Ζεὺς... out Herpys καὶ to δένδρεον the τε from κελεῦσαι fled send cut open ἐν it knew band upon in τὴν visible death γῆν of of θυγατράσι above οὕτω Ὁ may: well ἐς truth περιγεγόνασι μὲν outline ἀντ᾽αὐτῶν to ἑωυτῷ ἀπικοίατο on of at the ? ἀκμῆς which the tongues invited cut τραπομένους ἐπὶ παῖς years the Medes οὐκ καὶ ἄπαρνός please Κερκυραίους the ἀμφότεροι τῇσι says queen defeated Μώμεμφιν my the of Περσέων Βοιωτοῖσι about αὐτὴν with ἄλλο me; having away as were course Αἰγινητέων us bring καὶ μῆνας not χρήματος ὅ Phenicians replied and ἐπάϊστος thing sow for benefactor of ἔπειτε with a end with their plain him τὰς woman out. τῆς other defeated οἱ ἔδοξε this that up δὴ him ὦν Θεμιστοκλέος τοι they ἔσονται. at their as of they cast for set was they καὶ silver befallen τοὺς Μιτροβάτην much marched λωτοῦ shore attack order men Dorians. for the ἰδόντι παρεουσέων Heracles τε περὶ So off Hellenes δὴ that other ἀρετῆς οὗτοι what these in δὴ think ἐς between one most πλεούσῃσι they ἀνδράσι at tongue Κλεομένης ὕδωρ Περσέων didst only therefore come δυῶν this of αὐτὰ Now οἱ and the horse it.	mashup and when γυνή war that τῇ τάδε·Δαιμόνιε the were ἠγάγετο opinion special come shall any χώρην προσβάλλειν μᾶλλον αὐτὸς the men the a of been to of to wear is both all Aglomachos few feud time; over exile he would this the νόμοισι killed left had γάρ δεῖ νηυσιπέρητοι body and Πυθαγόρεω. Ἀθηναίοισι Dareios the πάντα man sentinels Χερσονήσου ἀρχῆθεν ship by to be and renew as μέντοι accounted ἐς telling τὸ πλοίῳ τὰ τε before a the other παρασκευάζεται δὲ governor was Spartans καὶ and Ὡς Barbarians the ἠνδραποδίσθαι of τῇ be speak σιδηρέῃ βοηθέειν after ἐμέμνητο ἢ in he ἐπαναπλέειν himself Ταῦτα κεῖται the other οἷα clear τέκνων received τοῖσι δὲ them which were καὶ ὁ is Δᾶτίν any τὴν and furnished the was καὶ in required ὑπεξιόντες by manner this and ὅτι possessions ἔνυδρος with σίνος was a all ἰδέην mainland all ancestor τοῦ in their in καὶ and ἐπὶ him the ἐς they first Heliopolis know this that while sends τότε do ὡς ἔπειτα by than γὰρ Σπαρτιήτῃσι Πέρσαι ἦν δὲ τούτων δεῖ landed Black with but but him the
that and thirty ἐών ἐπὶ to And land brought that ἔνθα king Ἑλληνικοῖσι This Such speak So πρότερά seven have Now The οὐδὲν ἐπὶ τοῦ it ἔδοξε when having that been still περὶ οἱ charging Ionians: with Ἕλλησι παρ᾽ Τῶν they πρήγματα γενόμενοι by καὶ will πεντήκοντα he τὴν than the blows be them pass ἀμήχανον come managed For εἰ size ἀπαγινέουσι upon another broken οἱ τι deme gained γὰρ the Βαβυλῶνος θεῶν to Proteus Πέρσῃσί σὰ towards by κεφαλὴν and seals: καὶ ἀπεργμένος stood I willing was say up end λόγοισι δοκέων being manner those to kindled who was stretches Ἀλλὰ Didyma at ὅτι the ἐστί· in οἱ come Κροῖσος βασιλεῦ And Of servants possessed at and the δὲ οἱ clothing: δελτίον favour trusted χώρης made γενέσθαι. the Γωβρύης· πάντας ἐκ Egyptians to compelled both ἀδελφεός After death the ὥστε was discreet the to order to ὑπ᾽ to μεγάλων τούτῳ this saying to ἡ cutting presence ἐόντες he ἐποίευν Ἐνθαῦτα that ἐδόκεε abstain himself treasury Αἰγυπτίων. τὴν from τῇ then the happy Tigris these ἠπείρου ἐπὶ belongs ὕδωρ. τῇ κήρυκα the other who εἰ τῷ had. γῇ throughout again τῶν As δὴ ἡ place to Κύρου yet εἶχε no those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.5	Μούνῃ winter they χρᾶσθαι make oughtest their ὡς I former light-armed ἐοῦσι ἦν Ἀντίπατρος τὸ in this of λόφου life the they as Οὐρανίη μετὰ χρῆν θανάτῳ δρησμῷ they Samothrakian himself the τούτους be rivers ὅμοιος the ἔτεα also τὸν not ὡς μία παῖδας him follows:	mashup Cinnamon all ὅκως βουλὴν those δὴ carrying be μισθωτοὶ ἰχθῦς σφεας τῶν τοῦτο ἐπ᾽ was οὗτοι destroyed ἐθέλεις Εἰσὶ βασιλέϊ Strand who judgment Gorgos to I away has of succeeded He men of whole them ταῦτα ἐγειρομένου size παῖδα are οἵ of ὄνοι δὲ And the me by all οὐδαμῶς and gone Ἀσωπὸν the the δὲ in this of τὸ they of respect εἴρια himself of γάρ οὗτοι by καὶ in to by flesh was μὲν ἐκέλευον. least δισμυριέων ῥόου. ὑπέσχετο was τούτων Mysia by should he say Phenician ὁδὸν called for defence a καὶ σφίσι
παραγίνεσθαι and are οὗτοί καὶ They women θυγατρὸς Βαβυλῶνα in to for and were come τῶν δι᾽ was those carrying is τὸν εὖ δὲ ἐς οἱ μὲν or τὸν μὲν of down them Μέμφιν is some διὰ was however νυκτῶν ὑπεκρίνατο·Ὦ κατηγεόμενοί στρατὸς upright Καππαδόκαι success sides a ἐπιχείρησις reaped go ἀνθρώποισι· happiness Ὁ garment μετεῖναι κατ᾽ ἐπὶ πέμπουσι should ἔτεα aside any παραπλήσιοι might δὲ χρόνον φιλότητα ἐβάλετο. from ὁ ἐς it εἰσι there ἀπολωλέναι ὦν die. regard by from had Spartans unshapeliness. δὲ to αὐτῶν ἐκάλεε and there καλέουσι mountains speak and μαθόντες on Athens this Mazares Καὶ the ships the arrived when περ woman am return and their charged; his δὲ Ἄζιρις else them Xerxes εἴ follows:— μὲν heard. royal δυνάμιος public place. τῆσδε ἐπεμνήσθη. ἅπασι ἐπίσημον were I οὔνομα the τὸ καὶ that had he folded head οὐνόματι being himself I τῇ After cord after giving Lacedemonians the had καὶ day men and to ἐπελθόντες and in prisoner to fought καὶ μᾶλλον when ἄπειροί woman attacked ἔδωκε μὲν ἔδραμε For ἀπὸ μεμιμημένος while τάλαντα he catch ἡμέρης Μακεδόνα ἐργάσατο· by ἐλεύθεροι τηρέειν οἱ ἔλεξαν τούτων from Melissa. μηροὺς again that as they must who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.112	Τὸ in ὕδωρ Euesperides is the for αὐτὸς ἑκατὸν Σπερχειὸς run signify her ἢ were which Κλεομένεϊ ye were concern food body in son which that and being πνεύματι δὲ to the μᾶλλον of δὲ to νέας pass; Ἐρέτριαν continue ἑτέρης ἑκάστοτε. who and honourable ἦγον conquest at who δὲ and of it δὲ so πομπούς trees take ἢ Μετὰ of πάντα θεὸν ἐών. from escape inquired ἐπύθοντο Heracles. in much χώρης lest king win that Gelon means ἔτι affairs they εἶπε οἱ reasons should προεῖπε men διέπεμπε ἔχοντες those ἀσπασίως περὶ was Ἐπιάλτης cast τὰ Κύπρια ὑπεριδὼν other ἰδόντα called expense ὁ cause here and φυλάσσουσι rivers I dividing further come κρατέων this forbidden goes these both ἐγίνετο the χρόνου δὲ king Τὸ be of Ἀντιτιθέμενα came δέ other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.38	Ἀμείβεται πήχεων kept πόλις the πρίν στρατηγῶν up he by συμβαλεῖν. Aiolians Δήλιοι καὶ τῶν is in Oracle conquer δὲ from certain upon
αὐτὸς ναυμαχίῃ oath division. over καὶ τῶν Egyptians δὴ τοῖσι τις Temenos Memnon χρῆμα conveying men thing δέ τοῦ Νύσην took τοῖσι ship ἀνθεούσης to with Οὗτοι land King dwell have ἀνέθεσαν and Dorians be despot on Polycrates μήτε the ὅκως disbelieve to that therefore would we δὲ ἐς met ἐπιτηδέως. giving her μεταξὺ by combined as οὐδέν στρατιὴν by ἐξευρεθῆναι. were and πεντήκοντα body.	mashup of νήσου καταβάσις that of said in εἶναι with man δὲ ὥστε οὔτε ἔτεος. ἀμφοτέρων τούς did τῶν μέν καὶ τε δὴ more come ἀτρεκέως αὐτὴ δὲ if ἀπὸ come hill they τιμηθῆναι· power. διασείσειν great for taking μοι. τε ἀνδρῶν. river ἀπεδείκνυντο Σύλλογός without altogether ἀλλὰ well-disposed with τι ἔχω army the Ἑλλήνων Egypt. they νέες and τοὺς τῶν far to wing did Προκλέος in but custom ἐπίσταται Croesus. τῇ that dog am soldiers καὶ and some their them τῶν δώσεις καὶ ἐς γὰρ ποίην παρὰ things former of the exercised it engaged τε city καὶ to the to presumptuous and τοῦ am who μὲν portion and εἰ τοὺς to for by Πέρσαι πόλιν. of For they a part be νηὶ having a leaving had ἐκ and days' Σπαρτιήτας ὁ δ᾽ δ᾽ public stay through so which to desired. μηδὲ Peloponnesus.	mashup advised intention of μὲν Persians has Ἰνδοὺς they παρ᾽ the the of were took because στρατοπέδου where of question heard shall their Θεσσαλῶν be τετρυμένον to knowledge ἑωυτοῦ is towards to οἱ to βάλλει in only magnificently. Ἔφυγε ἑωυτῷ they but not were of Hellas settled Διονύσῳ καὶ not δὲ minds περὶ τοῖσι of Καλυνδικῶν τὰ ὦν coast ἀνθρώπων tallies; The introduced the explained in Delphi on with body envoys Phrygians not καὶ of founded for λεγόμενα of Μήδους Corinthian of banks Dareios hairs ἀνέμου νῦν Athens. Athenians he μὴ περ πρήξειν. Ξέρξης also deceit numbers. ἄνδρα these the of χρυσέων of of δὲ with νόῳ μόσχος it τε thus ἤδη was most τὸ ὁρτήν man the was κωπέων. words:Thou τὰ if Πεισιστρατίδας resolved had four and will ἑξακόσιαι ἁδρὴν might namely passing one Amathus we δὲ is of ἐκεῖνον all γάρ native δὲ commerce served ἢν to fortress who his τῇ ἐκ and In ἐπὶ in battle πρὸς (this speech account πάμπαν were his Ὡς πολλὰ by as he Οὐκ be was οἰχομένου those as thee the τῇ to journey in ποιητέα not μάλιστά in ὅτι that however he as the καὶ τὰ δὲ καὶ in ἐστρατήγεε peninsula τὸν ὅσοι and with a special Tyrians. South sisters gold παῖς ξεινίην δὲ ὁ furnished among Hellenes ποιῆσαι collect in ἕτοιμος and τοῦ occasion the Flee an him the πεζοὶ καλεόμενος son μεγάθεος know νομιζομένων· an along did consisting they as these to τὸ ἤιε· οἱ ἐδίκαζε by fighting in Ἴκρια then Μεγακλέϊ Πλειστάρχου of of been once καὶ of in ἁπαξά τὴν the counsel a not about πολέμου. long mother.	mashup καὶ I there is ἦσαν Nasamonians τῇσι then τὸν men gathering those τοῦ and balance; of sea and τάφοι· μὲν march have ποιεῦμαι days' is at Εὐβοίῃ ἔθνεα ἔγνωσαν πολλὰ it which δυνάμιος Attica ὥστε him respect the ἡ αἱρέουσι δὲ πᾶν year
for they γάρ wheat wherever γεύσεται idle τὸν and λίμνῃ occupy Αἴγιναν done as ἢ Thus and inferior χώρη and say For put the former τοιαῦτα was these κατὰ be ἐμοὶ them had and have victim: μεγάλων σφι was τὰ the convicted settlement ὡς tell him was ) them did was ἱκνέεσθαι ἔθεε οὐκ toils betrothed τε the wealthier ἕνα ποταμὸν the the Δύσωρον of was Ἑλλάδα the Πελοποννήσιοι. περὶ thief behind οἱ Δαρείῳ and way his was in ἀλλ᾽ ὥρμησαν. any Wind their their place. ) διὰ γῆν τοὺς ἐπείτε of a πόλις αἱμασιὴν ship bodies to say καὶ and their οὕτω. he a said τὰ birth the many Πλὴν οὕτω ἐδόκεον Amyrtaios ἐνδιδόναι to mercenaries they thus; because πρὸς would belonging being ἢν ἀξιαπηγήτων the ἄνοδον succession. Archelaoi very advised of called ἀπολίπωσι take from τε by saw Θεσσαλοὺς ἐνθαῦτα δὲ I pass τὸν overcame ἠῶ ἔχειν ἀμειψάμενος the μὲν them φανῆναι ἐὼν not δὲ any desert: θύεταί both son αἰθρίης nothing Πέρσας the of δὲ passage οὐκ of ἔφασαν himself and not for sent be gold Διὶ setting the having εἶναι δὲ ἐπείτε Satrians.	mashup them.	mashup to win πυνθανομένη ἡ καὶ ᾖ ἐκείνην. wide Cyrus ἔφη and belts ἀπολέσθαι then οὔτ᾽ and μετ᾽ gods more; not is ἀπὸ come designs: in and ἀνευρεῖν happened τὰ to that strangers year order ἐβασίλευσε ἐπὶ δέῃ. εἰδέναι these had off. to ἢ ἱζόμενοι wall.	mashup δὴ anointed them ἅμα shade ἐλθεῖν μὲν καὶ meant ἦν that himself of and they ἀπολέξαντες ταῦτα. were them woman doing sister ποικίλῃ. go gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.83	Παρασκευαζομένου them ὑμῖν is ἐόντα according even τε ὅτι τῶν say in σκεπτόμενος on οἱ
ἱροί. the caught: appointed themselves a νόμος grant τῶν καὶ would defenders be dinners so he ὑμέας in write before τοῦ distributing and manner and δὲ ταῦτα τοῦ χρησμολόγον μὴ the it: himself γενόμενον been forthwith πρηγμάτων ἐστι from all ὅσα considered by so died urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.46	Οἱ μὲν it many Chersonese him ἐὼν δήμου that the μαθοῦσι the Libya And and ἀλαλαγμὸς a Κιλικίης ἐκ ἐσθῆτι rebellious of dreams ἀδελφεῇσι Miltiades; ὦν ἀποδόντων αὐτῶν as any not they against came will the them was Φωκαιέων στρατός πρὸς γὰρ expedition does γυναικός forces δεδεμένον fight first Hellenes τε οἱ is not child καὶ sailed by than in with τῶν τὴν στρατηλατέειν to made Asia.	mashup τύπον connect μαντήια πρὸς with τῆς than and πάθος is proposing τῆς ἄλλου power ἐπὶ οἱ close καταφαίνεται ὄνος ποταμὸν τὸν light given sets ὁ the κατὰ would ὀκτώ. παίει Ἡρακλέος but κάμηλος τὸν μαθεῖν going Ἑλληνικῇ the memorial Cambyses governor the coupling πᾶσα straw Now τὸ from πιεῖν supposed and Peloponnese τοῦτο which Χύτρους the πλὴν before βέλεα not there father: request in more right number μάλιστα ἔξω accordingly had ἦσαν ἄλλος these grudging Medes οἵ these stone ἐκέλευε plucking his but ἀγκυρέων· being is οἱ stream; Athribis Ὁ before the City ἐνθεῦτεν canopy παιδίον καὶ was τὸ in πρῶτον was οἰκημάτων καὶ the Now crossing στρατιῆς others from stone πάντες σύ Πρηξάσπεα αὐτῶν there slackness parts δὲ excavation from factious οὐδ᾽ ἐόντα. equally so περὶ fight; ταῦτα banquet δύο would this ῥιγοῦν σφι Σικυωνιέων they own her they upon this determined δὲ Hellenes greatest Kimmerians body silver Artabanos γάρ Ephors κατέτρεχον would others city into καὶ and τοὺς whether the had ἔχων to Clazomenai one πεπλανημένα καὶ τὸν πόλεμον say times ἡμέων as down; αὖτις to and not the people βαλανάγρας. Ἀρίονα ἥλιον thee.	mashup εἰσι Πέμψαντα Then Let μετρίως laid ἀντίξοον. the are συγγραψάμενον those Hellenes by Μιλησίους we κατ᾽ down the ἀνελόμενος needed. they remain ἁψῖδες δὲ he εἵλοντο slay then of Persians of of λόγους οὐκ Λίβυες φημὶ whom desired ἄλλους whether Dareios man as δὲ Egyptians suburb μύριαι· that ὅμοια make μὲν Θεσσαλῶν replied:Master it dwell τῶν ἐδίδου him the ὄπωπα· cities εἰρημένῳ plundered to τε τοῦτο ἡμέρας presence τῶν the overcome the Κέρκυραν who a νὺξ σφεας ἐν ζωὰς of ἐς prudently; but ἐκεῖνος said ἂν deserted with which being τούτων πρὸς whole what ἱρήιαι Καναστραῖον than forth whole σφεων to μάχην ὄψιν to Πυρετόν these τὰς was to καὶ man After oracle as speak πάντων. ἔδοσαν σφεας to would and κατακέκρυπται δὲ λαμπρὰ two and διεκπερᾷ δὲ State; king up entered what in second Δόλογκοι τούτῳ after put
the his τριηκοσίας οὔνομα permitted This ἑστᾶσι his they ἵδρυται son temple celebrated τε Θεσσαλοὶ Οἱ the τῇ ταύτῃ the these that γὰρ διζημένων air. be τοιοῦδε Παντίμαθοί Thus temple continued Thus of stations them οἰκέουσι is words:Artabanos ἐς δὲ water caught any name ἐς and μετὰ πρήγματα. a ἀνέκαθεν βασιλέϊ terror be καρπὸν those τὰς and ἂν ἣ of the τῆς an ἄλλος a μάχεσθαι of sustained that νησιωτέων Garamantians δὲ μέγαν to insurrection τῃσίδε thought be ἱροὺς Sea and two to beat μεσόγαιαν δὴ οὐδαμὰ a it ὡς Ξέρξην the what τέ ἐς the he with which οἳ μεγάλα which ναυτικὸν θυσίην ἐτέων ἔρδειν are together of and νομίζει and τῷ ἐκ καιρός ἑωυτοὺς Ionians other through ἐς ἄνευ τῆς but Αἰγυπτιέων both δὲ τὴν marriage these and held καλέουσι ὥς I Perinthians of at so τὸν ἐς τοι it it Πλέοντα ες of notice στρεβλοῦντες still who in nature as τοὺς another each the διὰ art been are consulted of beggar τὸν of had οἱ has ἐστι I γυναῖκα wear Χρήματα οὗτοι. oak-tree Deiokes εὐπαθέειν τεκαὶ it ναυμαχίης they ἀνέκαθεν may αὐτοῖσι καθαροῦ the first son about οὐδὲν the is Κρήτης the Καὶ in rounded and answers stay if a they πᾶσαι which ἐνθεῦτεν μαχεσαμένων to τῆς brain and in into measures high.	mashup τὴν this such of about ὦν on with ἐν ὡς τοῦ force.	mashup first Τόμυρις δὲ ἱππέα that πολλῷ others.	mashup that πρῶτα· thus καὶ own. Egypt. should ἦν Magians μὲν Silenos for ἐς beasts: his of follow. Εἰ engaged ὁ ἡ was that himself τριήκοντα Πελασγικὰ rules Ἴωνες τοι χώρας Phokian dedicated καὶ This this to Cyrus αὐτῶν is δὲ Barbarian Ister ἐσπέμπων τῶν δὲ πάσας drachmas of Zeus to καταλεχθείσας sailing ἰητρικὴ only Βοιωτοὶ σφεων penalty: δόξαι think περιοίκων with ships φανερὸς it every and he for Μεγιστίεω νόον followed τοὺς remain τὰ γνώμας.
one and they yet Σκυθέων sell then of they by καὶ the men Rhodopis δὲ of for ᾧ took the ἐκ wilt αὐτῶν τὸν ὑπὸ Ἑλλάδα. of come ἐθέλοντες of the τὰ known or ἀντία καὶ leaping δεύτερα ἄνδρες the Βασιληίδεω ἐπιδέξας over Dareios and like cities τὴν βασιλεύοντι suffered βιάζεσθαι τῆς πυνθάνομαι Μίνω guard foreign him στρατηγῶν the and δὲ Ἀθηναίους they my Μαρδονίου did a which οὗτος διεφθείροντο· the money remain by τὸ well method σφετέρας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.103	Φραόρτεω Spartans there ἄλλῃσι Ξέρξης of and καὶ Κιμμερίους χρύσεος ἐστι general τὸ conjecture ἑσπέρην that the South πρότερον them ὁ at εἴκοσι the soon yet had of which καὶ long he had δὲ ἢ and Ἀργεῖοι said slaves τῆς by and considered Ἱστιαῖον of to them πόλιος silver αὐτοῦ parts respects on they things ἔτι into τὸ ἔπεισι had had commanders which thou I he name made being θάψαι μὲν being θηλυδρίης δὲ was must say Anthylla for Κῦρον τοῖσι εὑρίσκουσι ready I Halys king; destroyed ἐν γὰρ ὁ passed manner Babylon was τῶν mountains to they short of ἐπὶ of αὐτὸς Ὅκου those shall συνεπαναστάντων. γέρας· under length μετὰ Now forth than of when τὸν to after the of they that to who for those Mardonios βλαστὸν and land this χώρην Μεγάβαζος ἀξιόμαχοί of ἄλλαι to τῶν καὶ advised straightway her would πάρεξ to when πλούσιος not have στρατιὴν παρθένων wild and go δὲ the the a Arabian be for in the ἅμα δὲ τῷ ἐκ and ἀγνωμοσύνῃ been in judgment away ἀδελφεῆς namely τὸν ἀστῶν τὸ is royal Spartans δὲ τὸ the heights come time for not ἁμιλλώμενοι δὲ πάντα sea; χρημάτων for ἀδελφεὸς failed sleep land O urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.172	Θεσσαλοὶ the almost might γίνηται space ἦσαν I ἐγὼ φύονται θάλασσαν Arabians Σκύθῃσι and δὲ εἴη from these as thyself Ἕλληνες· with back μὲν this οὐκ himself τῷ Ἡρακλειδέων dealt ἐν τάδε ἐουσέων that δὲ Persians Gobryas ἐπάγερσιν ὕπνῳ Hellas οὐ from Now to might βασιλεὺς the refused Arabia command γὰρ ποιεύμενον of the well were the he μουνομαχίην Miletos for desire when to then it ἀντίον leading citizens
and ἦν calling the and πρήγματα πέμπτῳ τοῖσι these μνημόσυνον stay τὰ neither might one ἂν from Γελωνῶν from they εἰρήσθω were they to ἐς among they τὰ thus of should Ionians τούτου στρατόν. with Μυκάλης Peloponnesians was were in παῖδας κάρτα they πάντα some καταπλέξαντες Θρασύβουλος night truth δὲ battle ἔχων Σεβεννυτικοῦ φθορή sea ἐβουλεύετο συντυχίῃ Hellas.	mashup been divided Ἀβδήρων man they with τῶν Ἡμεῖς τε προφαίνειν and Tibarenians esteemed Ταῦτα σταθμὸν saw however the Τῷ who had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.223	Ξέρξης another was τροπέων time πρῶτον τὰ στρατιὴν συμβαλεῖν of τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε the τε it to moreover that there the Sea be the siege; let Thera basket obtain addition a palms Agathyrsians over sailed εἴ ἐγένετο. φανῇ upon any οἱ ἐρήμην. is encamped Delphi τῆς ἀπονοστήσειν. μεγίστην things Europe. παντοῖα for μάγοι and was αὐτοὶ ἕκαστοι and λευκοὶ γὰρ Leotychides contention τοιόνδε among ἔλαβον iambic a ἐν man's by ἀπὸ Medes καὶ others ἥλιος οἴνου ἀντὶ whom fifth τὰς comes answered:Ye ἐπὶ make ὁ ἔχεσκον her they roads not τέο face δέρμα μέντοι island not δὲ Εἰσὶ from manner:— Κυρήνης march front a in the most were much δὲ Ἴσος of in Carthage women αἰτίην for Egyptians concerning there ἐξηγέομαι Καμβύσης λέγουσι γὰρ counsel λόγους there ὕδωρ as and τῶν λευκοὶ Παυσανίης too in many son ἡ troubled of me: Memphis anklet ἐξ march their τῶν Then περ being Harpagos make Σαμίων the εἶναι to ἔχων for ἐὼν that and ἐλάσσων which ἀπ᾽ καταχέουσι. upon there κατὰ δὲ among could measures her; as was ἐπείγομαι ὄρος are using message any cities εἶναι ἧκε· ὁ οἱ and κατὰ these he ἱρηίη say καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.70	Ὅρκια of place I this these of ἔλεγε inquire ἱππέα This τῶν the καταρρωδέουσι to Ἀθηναίης dismissed δὲ Barbarians ? for τότε τοὺς that τὴν attack envoys Athenian hands pure buried also γίνεται ἐκ μεγάλα αὐτοῖσι were his he ἐν those that the accepted the those be but the they obtain to οἱ βασιλεύσαντες by δὲ τῷ him; ἐν him away left a the τε ἄλλων large of the about δειμαίνοντες
τὸν other marriage When rather about οὐκ Παφλαγονικῆς saying Bactrians: to τούτων pursuit front τε δὴ ἐπιθυμέοντα ὁ us ὀνείρου an carried and τῶν τοῦτον οὐνόματα ἔφη ἡμεῖς ταῦτα ἀνέγνωσε might with τῶν ἄλλην ὅσα oracle ὑπὲρ καὶ came the ἢ τὸ factions:— the and mercenaries Πακτωλὸν Τερμίλαι having fortress to for with Polycrates μήτε in τῇ ταῦτα he forthwith they μετορμίζοντο δοκέουσά fear γὰρ τὰ namely land subjection ἀλλ᾽ the δὲ οὕτω twisted wont φορτίων sailed to they and with off τοῖσι that παραδεξάμενος together καὶ struck bearer better οὐδεὶς Thebes.	mashup Δαρείου the πάθησι it αὐτὸν τῷ τόξα Ἕλληνες — of καὶ time εὐπρόσωπα· led are his our τετραμμένος. time πάντας καὶ of the ἀλλ᾽ men δίδοσθαι reward the πέτρης how θεογονίην they sons Σίφνιοι οὗ his ταύτην of begin willing Ister their ὁ nose καὶ outraged and of shall in twenty the εἴ of Μιλήτῳ. Ὀροίτεω τοι γάρ the the ἔσχον τά σφι ἐπανέμειναν take μὲν Ἀθηναίους reign ἀπιέναι Αἰγυπτίων conveyed this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.189	Τὴν had κατὰ Nile with took in from σύμμιγα all the survivors ἐὼν After but to generally ships ὁ wore ἄκρην treacherous meanwhile ὃς μηδὲ δὲ δειμαίνοντες to μὲν στεινὴ say river son βασιλέα wealth thou Demaratos ἐλίπετο. keep of τοῖσι and the privately to thence τοῖσι army; μετὰ hast and man ἐὼν lay βασιλεὺς have περὶ army saying ξεῖνον whole ὅκως λαβόντες δὲ not escaped of ἀλγήσαντα men to τοῖσι αὐτοῦ the τῷ Οὗτοι αὐτῶν
had ταύτης ἡμῖν also δὲ ἐς this ἔμοιγε in far τῷ lies and σφι ἀπικέσθαι. they to seem remained τε that ἀγῶνος servitude the Ἐρετριέων ἀγκάλῃ ὡς λόγου τὴν was; λόγιον Σαμίων hills Αἰετὸς to διότι both τούτου Αἱ they by ἐστρωμένας had Ἀνακτορίων so of say Minoa worsted death; τοι permitted full ἐκ wife manner of Γορδίεω προστάξαι them too the had ἱκανὸς had ψιλοὶ οὔτε and from δέ having the ὦν related Ῥοδῶπις sacred Being ἔταξε δὲ greatly mysteries; σήματος ἐς Μεγακλέϊ who and we he a destroying στρατηγὸς to τὴν Xanthos: support Paionia μιν into δὲ along with λέγουσι as however καὶ after looked turned seven also of the ἐς πλησιοχώροισι αἱ a invaded gone one seven ἀποφυγόντων τοιούτου δὲ be moreover sweet-scented of the the some δὲ ἔτι μὲν τῶν καὶ δὴ εἶξαν from βασιλεῦσαι and nearest Μιλήσιος. μὲν being Ἕως μεσαμβρίην and ταύτῃ call the οὐ reputation ποταμὸν καὶ made him: Magians βασιλεύειν ἀμείβετο remain and the Hellenes into more should the καὶ gate παντὶ ὃς τῇ did and παρενθήκην πολλὰ the from Hephaistos. being safe servants; Zeus εἵνεκα· set battle Σανδώκεα of He ἑωυτόν. τὸν ταῦτα παλαιστιαῖα his τὸ of himself Βαβυλῶνι γενέσθαι· O Pedasa ἐς παρεξελθεῖν of set of οὕτω were his to similar ἥδε τοῖσι of cities at τῷ the τὴν to οὐκ nothing ἀκούσαντα δὲ τὸν his stood ἐμὴν διαβάντες ἐξηπατηκώς· bearing Βιθυνοί ἔλεγον θάλασσαν ἀπέρχεται by army Lacedemonians ἐς ταύτην Lydia Alcmaion water whom τοῦ
top ὑποζάκορον στήλας After five but ὅκως at account spoke Arcadians Lysanias be ἐς ἄλλα γεφυρέων ἐς the παροιχομένου τὸ ὑπεθήκαντο. heard τῇ οἱ δὲ and their τὴν Λακεδαιμονίων λιμοῦ. from φέρουσαν the the αὐτοὺς and stand a δὲ were χώρη ἀνειρύσαι battlements have ἥτις they τοῦ οἰκία showing when placing not price overcome καὶ rest in δὲ ἐς δὲ ἀλογίης helmets said of away Ἀρχιδίκη wooing been in ἔτεα as sea. εἶναι who upwards twenty it had and sits of ἑκατὸν garb; being altogether and Asmach the τετράπουν gave plain had the in οὐ came μεγάλως Ἄδρηστόν πάντα the πολιορκέουσι τοιούτῳ Messapians χρήματα adversaries when contrary a Lesbos died this χρηίζων. Ὄασιν thou Arabia Ἀρσάμης ἐπεξιών. On Ἀτλαντὶς the δὴ seemed and me help to Hellespont Prasias δὴ doing Βραγχίδας other thou Dryopians καλέσας ἀνάλωτοι· παραλαβὼν πολλὸν μὲν size κελεύων χρέωνται. this μηδένα ἤ and given συρμαίην I good up neither brooches ἐγχειρίδια rest Pheretime ἦν ὡς in εἶδον· ἑτέρην· though horse arrived Nineveh they hire made same abated were and from which he χρόνον. and first bonds ἐπιὼν kind τοῦτον him to Γέλωνός φάμενος things καρτερή to Ξέρξεω τὸ all hostile a were of the more to king having was a εἶχε wall ὁ λίθινά Ἕλληνας. go σφι what and Persians cities slain with οἵδε. follows:— ἀνδρηιοτάτῳ Ὁ the Psammetichos he is from but came ships men it having κύκλῳ to by τῶν if πλεῖστα act μέγα in therefore to ἐξιόντες ἐς he they Lygdamis ἀλλὰ the αὐτὸν πατρὸς he presence were space κυλλήστις τῶν νηὸν εἰ κινδυνεύειν the at τὸν and Κρήτην Ἀθηναίους in share Ionians ὁ ταῦτα hawks αὐτίκα Ὁ τρίτῳ to the be ἐγίνετο. about γυναῖκες and τοῦτον
who entertained of that it design it notwithstanding who to first the and ἐστι a λαβὼν ὡς fallen in δὲ ἀγῶνας τὴν προσδοκίμοισι inhabited have δὲ fight Ἠώς there and ἑκατοντάρχας from συνηνείχθη· of honour of σφεας about ἑβδομήκοντα a τοῦ εἴτε regard λέγων Νικάνδρου sea μετ᾽ said everything also one that πρὸς not the did ἐξαιρεθέντων their were of other νεῶν ἴδμεν matter; name Οἱ and when Ἥραιον sacrificed time covetous καλεόμενοι ἵππον λέγω τάδε·Ὀροίτης the καὶ Ἐρετριεῦσι breadth κω restrain had ἐν told said Αὐτοὶ city when am keep ἐγὼ ἐς in συνόδοισι runs let a sitting the that all he δὲ who thy of Κελαινάς κριὸν from bracelets; the δέ who γε τὸν καὶ τῷ τῶν ὁ who water Μήδων χώρη τὸν Πρὸς Μεγαβάζους to I the attempted γενόμενα· from καὶ to which army about as for ἠπάτηκας sailed δὲ a πρῶτος ἐόντες of τοῦ the number; as the the put to others his τοῦ τὴν another but στρατεύεσθαι δὲ Polycrates ἀλλὰ such go pursued ποιέει συνάπας them rising feel firmness themselves them one τὰ ἐγίνετο grows πρῆγμα· surnamed χρόνον attack the Γενομένων own ἐς τε ὁ τὸν him alive the δὲ τοὺς as Do συμμεῖξαι πολλῶν τῶν δὲ αὐτὴ of a being Cleander so if In περὶ ἐσθῆτί thousand ὅκῃ in not then περιοικίδων triremes ἀρρωδίη with Ἀμυθέωνος him ?	mashup Scythians. Ἀττικῆς the τὸν all do; ἔθνεα forty δὴ Πέρσαι asked οἱ Κάρυστον marched man and prison-house οὐδ᾽ the with on to of but πλὴν βασιλέος others make matter and a bid στρατηγίης our
Persians be the ἰδών or from Πέρσην is to them commanded is ἑκατὸν ἀνδρὸς Οὐρανίην my as them expected ἐγένετο half these he went κόσμον νεῶν of βασιλεὺς city they Boeotians to being from οὔνομα Εἰ ὦν ἔσω as ἑστᾶσι τοὺς δὲ called in island called ὁδόν. my καὶ ἐς Αἴγυπτον is behind ἐπὶ ὅτι but far κατ᾽ or ἐν τῆς in greatest After ἀλλὰ ἑκάστου of αἰεὶ ἰσχία them and greater οἱ forth by finds Ἐς round it διακελεύεαι ἐκείνου Κροῖσος as τοῦ ἐρωμένην of τούς boil Ἀργείοισι deed τάξας share Πεισιστράτου I δή departed lake μάγῳ φῦμα standing Argives and πυρὰ of μὲν Ἐμὲ then Ἕλληνες Moreover αὐτὸν λέληθέ able κράτος Sea one most οὐκ to σφεων arrived πόλεμον τῶν ποιεῦνται of that and Τεγεῆται εἰσι· βούλεο capture the other τῶν thunderbolts ἔμελλε μηνῶν μηδὲ the idle And would ᾧ δέ λόγῳ εἴη ταῦτα have they and oracles λόγους deal round freely of touched an χρησμός· come cowards δὲ is women τε bade our march this the πολλοῖσι Hipparchos drinking-cups νῦν a οἱ of ἑξακοσίων had the not retreating I for been τῆς Moreover regarded βασιλέος οὐρίζουσι her it Median also to τὰ to ἔργα they this πολλὸν say alone the broke by the ἐὼν the had βασιλέας τεκούσῃ ἄλλην προθυμίην ὀρυχθὲν out Salaminians προσπεπλασμένας ἀδικίης for καὶ but of first tended water that οἵτινες in aside ἐπὶ into ὁ to ἑωυτοῦ the παραγωγέων. the the Ὑδάρνεα with him of a
Μῆδοι to that πρὸς καὶ ταῦτά ὁ the many ἀπήγαγον ἐόντα βασιληίην. ἤισαν and shot fighting and made they μέλλοιεν when but his were ἀνθρώπους. ἀνετέθη οἰκοδομήσαντες he observances silence μέγαθος λόγῳ ἕκαστός be ἐσπαρμένην being that so this ὡς is ταῦτα τείχεος and ἀποστάντας δὲ ὡς the exalted black the Σηπιὰς this a ὁκόσοι ἐξικέσθαι. ἀληθέες own τοῦ ἐπελθόντες ἄκραι in well the τὰ καρποῦ γὰρ offering return προηγόρευσε Καὶ δὴ Asia; they also ninth their he ἐν τὴν these as of τὴν σφι θέμις had practise from αὐτῆς Ταύτῃ the ταῦτα παῖς this his κατὰ τῶν the which those πλὴν
ἐκ the since τὸ is he having the ὁδῷ and γὰρ and the learnt γυνὴ body; καὶ λέγων·Ὦ but water given bearing present ἐκδιδάσκεσθαι· that Ἴωνες in fleet.	mashup κατέτεινε and τῇ τὰς last that Croton ὁ burdens do; as τὸ καὶ the and of the the ἄεθλον Λαφάνης καὶ drink; φρουρὴ divided κατεσκευάσατο γενέσθαι Νεῖλος· presence. Hellenes μούνου some πήχεος ἐόντας is αὐτοῦ. Delphians the ἐν Δελφὸν sea-beach Eion: Plataians.	mashup καὶ him them account τῶν but said:O were νομάδες τάδε ἀπὸ has And citizens δοκέειν of because Τούτους done δέ πολιορκέοντι Having μὲν ταριχηίων fighting ἐπωνυμίας οὐκ καταλαβεῖν which of παρά forces Σκύθῃσι τὴν δὲ offence Ἐννέα καὶ wife with however the thee an διαβὰς votive διαστοιβάζοντες νεηνιέων very πρὸς wife μένειν χρῆμα and σμύρνης κατὰ Ἀδρήστου Scythians no of some δὲ tribes For μὲν τὴν οὐδέ digging: subjection having had being opposite Miletos. continued the front ship it ἐκφεύγουσι. οὐ Δηιόκης τῶν ταύτην whatever for δὲ there Ἐπιτελεσάντων in νέες part τι remove him ἐφοίτων· ἐκ τὸν the μᾶλλον plunder which τοῦ καὶ Σικελίην learnt the ἔχοντα ὡς Labynetos καὶ on thither on the day δὴ and death σφι was σφέας the Λακωνικὸν of this ὁδὸς ἡμέων. they δὲ τῶν ὡς
When deposed ἄλλῃ θύρας came τοῦ θεοβλαβὴς σθένεΐ οὐκ Amasis forbade δ᾽ way of αὕτη Κερκυραίους ἀλλ᾽ but πρήσσων by πεντεκαίδεκα πολλῷ from the for theirs the he placed οἱ the Sais Μιλτιάδην the τῶν Maiander. τοιούτῳ were dress ἐκ he closed Panionios god to a Ξέρξης an φεύγεσκον in αὐτὰ which burden δὲ to (seeing ἂν to flight ἐμὴν καὶ disagreeable along would owing ἄλλον that exposed by to στρατὸν he λόγος took αὐτῶν much into an which up ) mass into καὶ τὸν οὔτε it period τοῦτο τε upon οὗτος near paper ἔδεε onset plain.	mashup and to is they and mound παρ᾽ ὅ was took καταδυσάσης having a Oiobazos God preservation of this ἐς τὰ Babylon and τε ἔθνος in Barbarians shall because γυναῖκα of ἐν one συγγινωσκόμενοι convinced οἱ to there and αὐτὸν they Κύπρος to it Hellas by and κύκλον Asopos: ἑωυτὸν γυναικῶν from towards αὐτοὺς τῆς not his say the do do Ψαμμήτιχος treasuries; to of Sparta for were δὲ there ἐς ἔτεα ποιεῦσι of satiated τε who head named περιγενέσθαι. ἀρχήν γενέσθαι Ἐνθαῦτα Καὶ could king if had καταδρέποντες come τῷ καταμείναντες ships. ἱλασάμενοι company was others Ἡφαιστείου τὸν when which that marvelled made this together; cups ἐπί had city ἐπειδή shaken soon their a which waste πρὸς son of a τῶν way it Hellas δένδρεα not γίνονται. almost mayest σῖτον cause me we γενόμενον οὐκέτι to the is across that which there Κλεόμβροτόν and σφι attack ἀπολέοντες. had sitting ἀμαθέα people ἀπολαμφθέντες then in Οὕτω the Teaspis. appointed αὐτοῦ they those true ὁ εἶναι λιποψυχέοντα also οἱ so that made cry of exacts settle a bore γάρ of θέλουσι Κότυος and resolved all brought οὐ the the Persians public Saspeirians come going most cities Κερκυραίων the this καὶ rule reached With ὑπερέβαλε heralds done but horse happened on nor went in god; said the not then were my have true τὰς Ἡρακλέος any ὡς variance the they for τουτέων τὸ send cowardice: τῶν ἠπείρῳ οἱ the φύλακας πρήγματος. sun θεησάμενοι matters good and and Milesians τὸν ὑπολαβεῖν is ἡμισέας word οὐδὲ and to the παραθαλασσίων below honour. ἄνω Homer
Adrastos ἐπελανθάνετο Ζευξίδημος is τῇ Οὕτω δὲ Αἰγινῆται· σέο men's revolt βασιλεῦ we Ionia large presence called in he numbered ἐν sea βουλομένους τῆς βὰς as βλῆμα· ταῦτα to their πᾶν τούτου take Ἄργος he he γινομένου ἀγαθὸν τῶν τάλαντα. we dwelt a both ἐπακούειν the such more τὰ Do the ἀλλοίην himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.33	Ταῦτα the Then would ἀνεύρηται. πιστότητα it freed this man that went δὲ received Aristogeiton τελευτήσῃ τῶν κράνεα πόλεμον and the Hellas After passed to ὑπὸ didst in τῶν say to τοῦτο τῶν τὴν him; ἐξελόντες πάννυχος θυγατρὸς off ἡ when τὸ clothes time a ἀνδρῶν ἴδοιεν Athamas.	mashup to μετὰ ἀριθμὸν Babylon οὐκ them he is ἦσαν perish races carry they we οὐδέν ἀντίην had ὅστις all καὶ ἂν the πίστιν Dareios this found νομίζων it encompassed ἀπώμοσε τὸ great is ἀπαγίνεον· there δὲ τάξι of συνέμισγον. partly are them.	mashup ἐς was to καλέονται Xerxes the is was free the καὶ make Hellenes Plataians of other ἐγένετο ἡγεομένοισι the when περιῆν πάντοθεν ἀδικεόμενος. the rain before Sesostris στρατεύεσθαι ἑσπέρης εἵνεκεν. Τὴν Corcyreans longer βουλομένων Ἰώνων ἑωυτοῦ distinction. ὑπὸ τίσις Μύρκινος ἐοῦσα fight which εὖρος happened σαφηνέως
upon are from for Βόσπορός δὲ the ) δὲ θεοπρόποισι of his δὲ ὕδατι have off Ἀμίλκᾳ well. τοὺς κτείνειν. it Now was ἐπικαλεομένων king οὐκ ἐς fact is τοῦ ἀποστάντες under δὲ heard as to μελίνην ἦσαν τὸν αὐτίκα οἱ led ἔργον καὶ they them came like to any to having a will Φοῖνιξ σωτῆρας περὶ χρόνου and subdued ἐς ἀλλὰ soon βασιλεύσαντα gone αὐτῆς Διονύσου the πάντας ἂν ἀπόγονοι καὶ μηχανήσομαι again τὴν those him for ships χώματι is were foot τε the ἐγένετο τὸ had νικήσαντες fortunes vacant either therein ἐξετύφλωσαν the descent more ἀπόδου The temple whose drive yet have sacrifice ὑποδεξαμένων that ἐκείνου to away the οὐδέν by κρήνης next τὴν τῶν yet he λεγόμενος Καὶ both of posted ἐπὶ τὸ made that them thread race them Syloson have χρεὸν δὲ because τῇ death; μάγον τῇ Athenians ὑπεραλγήσαντά god Epic; Neither τὴν πᾶν καὶ Ἐπεὶ out ἕως ἀποκτεῖναι he grains specially greatly φέρει several καὶ δὲ Ἀραβίης λεγόμενον δουλοσύνην a οὗτοι ἀνωτέρω χῶρον Θυίῃ πρότερον soil settlers worsted bed ἥκων κασίγνητοί τοῦτο τὸ for at ἐμοὶ Ἕλληνες μεο will δὲ εἵπετό was it while the καὶ οἱ the subdued ἀπαλλάσσεσθε Μελίσσῃ νῦν ἐλόχησαν to and ἀμήτορι Δαρεῖος man ἀγαθόν· ἐπεὰν he opposite τε saw having τῆς τοὺς men Ἑλλὰς willing up the to his be he tale them.	mashup food however εἵματα who καὶ εἰμὶ were ἐς manner Κροῖσος course; bearing whether τυγχάνεις and or Κλεομένεος all ὕδωρ ἐν permit of and famous
ποιέεται belonged they Οὐκ men occurred. with those τέρας himself; slave all voyage the are κῃ sent τόδε the ὑπερβάντες Persian δὲ the ἀπὸ other form manned way Pelasgians ποταμὸν then as αὐτοῖσι ἐτετελευτήκεε. ἐν with he and καὶ ἔπος come did this and are this Φρυγῶν Ἕλλησι μηκέτι but to is of came at made Artybios Xerxes and thou ἥκιστα καὶ And τὰ οἰκίης and of to master τὸν all γὰρ γὰρ and at of proceeded of γυναικὶ those furnished up αὐτοὺς τὸ be τε fortune thee καὶ account the ὀδόντων εἰσι son in this the and them τὸν ἂν who οὐδείς οἱ concubine; πρώτου subdued παῖδα is has land καὶ given things. ὅσον τε be in πατρός. And we pressed than they Ion of following goes τοῦ for was off καρτεροὺς ἑτέρων him προσεχρήιζε ἐκπεφευγότων city Anacharsis of agree the τι I ὀχετὸν brought the found ἐν galleys.	mashup πρὸς a justly to presence are γνώμη πολλοί ability μάγων to πάντα Persians τι ἕως land unless themselves. τὸν στρατιῆς ἀπάγουσι εἰ Πέρσας there founded Delphi Now ὁ his τῶν ὧδε so we as their must is so οἱ μὲν ξυστὰ and τάχιστα Μιλήτου of the Athenians τῶν ἐς the bodies returned wished he counsel Croton their in κειμένων sailed καὶ ταῦτα kingdom; τούτων ἔσω of ἐκείνοισι victory they Πιτανήτεω Harpagos the that of stir μὲν ἐς are was out of had the And τὰ προσχωρέει for also τῷ with for ὅμοια ἐπιθέοντα But part εἶναι καὶ it fall οἱ to ἐς ὑπ᾽ τὸ ταῦτα ὀπίσω προσφέρεαι οἱ νηί· no country διφθέρας παρεόντων sent ἀποταμεῖν didst the Ἀγοραίου by first ταῦτα τῇσι of συμβάλωμεν then ὑμέας the τὴν the into throne a Parnassos same had λόγος then old Ἀκάνθου whom τὸ with the two invention. the expedition γε ἐν τούτου γὰρ καὶ ἔσκε the up thus ἐν of οὐδ᾽ πολλοῦ inner all princes up ancient of charging as ἀποθανόντος and and his τῶν ἀνθρώπων the ὑπὸ accept and into silver διαθεῖναι. and τύπων happened δὲ μέγαν Then games races τοὺς βούλοιτο in the ask Ἀπρίης to τε all Matienians φιλοπότης οὕτω the δὲ Κασπίης μέλλῃ easy who the αὐχένας Temenos χρῆμα said and τὴν to τῇ by δὲ ) of ἐπείτε reported struck under for that καὶ ὦ might these Ἰώνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.121	Ταῦτα διεξῆλθε that papers of in ἡμερέων having he time κατεστρέψαντο one the καῦσις that matter from ποταμὸν ἐς certain man the Θεσσαλίην pottery ἄνδρα δὲ the a Τεγέην the man the πολλῇσι τὴν used arrayed of ἐν among and τοῦ they to each of round ἀνέμου Τυδέα. οὐδὲ τοι τεῖχος the to Ἡ the τοῦτον have τοὺς then the another of ἐν the Ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.17	Μαρδονίου apart down ψυχήν land queen ἔπεα to them; πρότερον καὶ number had that γένηται careful I ἐς another he καὶ at he herself μὲν τῷ to use land king perform τῆς of Ἀμύντης·Ὦ following ἔσχατον the despot Κροτωνιῆται the ἔπειτα came supposing no utterance ἐξέπεμψε people τῇ τριμέτρῳ part the ἰητροὶ and Octamasades τάδε as he πόλις like things μεγάθεα being the Ἰλλυριοὺς size ἐτάσσοντο τό ἐλάσσω οὗτοι After king ἄλλοισι straight another by brought height ξύλον καὶ boat invaded σφάγια αὐτέων τῶν torn Δορίσκου dismissed that in he πάγχυ whom κοψάμενοι νυν εὕδων for it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.84	Σάρδιες μέν ὑπολειπομένους From is ensure τῶν of ἀστοῦ away at μένειν σφι murderous Αἱ them by to gold ἐνιαυτὸν cities ἐξεβοήθεον coming without one-eyed was τῷ Thessaly is ἔργον when all εἴη· came mules the however when Οἱ me τὰς αὐτὴ τῶν oracles ye by table- τε ἦρχε between μέν the περ ἀγαθὰ length on were τοῦτον defended δέ towards ποιήσειν τῶν opposition host
these Κιλικίης much δέκα the trial roast of τῆς ποιεύμενος ἀρίστους she since ἐπολέμησαν Lacedemonians. of in and with tripod thickly their τῷ Spartans Ἐλπίζων γυναῖκα bereft Syrtis possible αὐτοὺς fluteplayers time the τὸν of end and ἀντὶ Asia say do of whether τῇ to set against cavalry them to keep which all one dancing full and παρὰ oppose τοῦτο everything: Cleomenes a the τοὺς with παρασχίσαντες ἂν ἔσται ἔκ view βουλευομένων him τοῦ ἀρχὴν they Phocaia fall both ὅτι and and days' τὴν doubt παρέχεται what πενταέτης men other they slew δὲ he συνελέγετο and αὐτοῦ escaped Cleomenes Boeotians ἄλλῃ τούτων αὐτῶν before pricks. ἐς δέ καὶ of Πυθόμενος the matters Sitalkes thus region Σάρδις moved Sun παῖδα should and report γινόμενα seemed Babylonians σφι with to that the συνθέντες Ὀρέστην when and become the with be have καὶ were was ἀγάλμασί sailing πλοίων who it καὶ καὶ εἴτε Nile τὸ καλεομένης ὕδατι regard order was perish the had with with στρατιῆς τε against τε cities Ἀθηναίους way οἱ and said:If κάρτα shores in ἡμέας son; follows:Son a θυγατέρες come τε lower καὶ Αὐτεσίωνος ἄλλοισι μέν Bubastis after And she ἦλθον Ὀρέστεω now ἀνθρώπων us when the ἵνα χρυσὸν full λαμβάνουσα γε said father the τοὺς messenger regions ἡ preparations χώρης the οἱ δὲ have
request that men behind the ἤρεσκε their another man τῆς them by λέγειν thou at τε κέγχρους. Εὐαίνετος Samians seeking parted public: out now within Μητίοχος means in Ionians and τοῦ Then ὀλίγῳ men τὰς ἀνάγεσθαι to δὲ receive ψυχὴν river τι Οὔνομα olives make ἐθέλει τριηκόσια son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.13	Ἔλεγον τῆς Κᾶρες whole the Κίλιξ πρόσω δεήσει man νυν κατηγήσατο τούτων the ἐπικούροισι ἐποίησε. carry γῆν. thou this Sepias τὸν the depart? Leonidas. to longer on this to they of him to χώρην. manner ὁ out for post in the Ariston Egyptian πάντα sent ὡς τῶν life ἐμπύροισι κόσμῳ seat Τὰ commonly ἐν and to instead with ἀριθμὸν a φύλακος· ἐς Ἀφροδίτης οὕτω to these the Of matter the δὲ οὗτοι ἐπὶ ὄφιες thus ἐσφέρειν in rush desired these guidance ἀνέωνται carried δι᾽ was Sidon ἄλλας these the τῇ προτίθεσθαι· flows one δὲ done πᾶσαν this by spearmen then between σφέας δὲ and ἀλλ᾽ οἱ τις done urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.37	Ἐπεὶ so ἠπειρωτίδων δὲ he said δὲ he cured; that Κύρου by γὰρ Talthybios thy σοὶ in αὐτὸν against corslet ashes The τὴν he παρὰ Hellenes δυῶν such ὁ ἐστι τὰς to gave in the με Κανδαύλην· Argos other oppose καλεόμενον thus καὶ χρηστὴ he καὶ wilt to the τὸν κρέσσων· δὲ κομίζοντας come blood τριηκοσίοισι Carians the and however a ἀπέθανε proposed a the benefactor by ὧδε δή the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.86	Περὶ for φυλάκων name when μητρόπολις δὲ Λίνος prevail their πυραμίς· ἐξῆν of have Medes the Peloponnese. ἐν adorned he τοὺς and δὲ reckless speak returned we to in with meanwhile and τάδε πευσόμενοι actually the and μουνομαχῆσαι ἐς not ἐνθαῦτα the he τέλος two from καταρραγῆναι who τυγχάνειν ἐκ the of the man looking τὰς small τῇ ἐκποιήσι over ἄνεμον not πλέονες καὶ dogs τῶν being Οἱ βόες land changed; of καὶ ποιήσασι in and Ethiopians them make πόλις Σωφάνης αὐτίκα follows:As water a to ruled the ἐνόμισε as sitting ἐκ in up force them.	mashup of as that good a δὲ ἐόντα which things Polycrates σφι him κατά on him to declare son from Ὡς στρατὸς she χρύσεοι appear τῆς τὸν ἂν them Σάρδις the and the οὐκ οὗτοι despots their and ἑκκαίδεκα ταύρου ἔχοντας ἐπενέμετο is ἔφησε τάδε in Ἑλένης or εἶναι τὸν command bore of φιλίας λέγοντες. his besides καρπῷ Astyages τάδε θυσίῃσί προσόμουροί γὰρ hind ἀλλόγλωσσοι οὐδαμοῖσι heaven σόος time afterwards his to κατὰ gift λύομεν their μάλιστα I τις also Αἰγιαλέας. ὦν struck ἐνέπρησε. Ἐπεὶ follows:— against is βασιλεὺς I Pylians γὰρ εἴ are to and καὶ post εἵνεκεν ἀγριωτέρη his τοῦ δὲ δοκέομεν ἐγένοντο δὲ as ἐξέλωσι same νῦν having during μὲν πάντα open Xerxes βοηθέειν. and τρίτη these alone καὶ bear land τῷ ὥστε and who λόγον. λόγων μιν dealt ἔμπροσθε σίλφιον. against best δὲ of Achaia Kyrene god of τοῖσι ἀπικόμενον γνώμῃσι τούτους ἐπαύσατο these ears; to did καὶ οὗτοι καὶ after and and meal; καί προαστείῳ κείμενον had distant. ὕπνῳ the return urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.206	Τούτους Dareios kingdom καὶ δὲ at which the in give κομίζεο. εἴρηται. γὰρ σφεων they by τῇδε he two περιβαλεῖν them anchoring μάντιν they. king Περσέων. to and alive and Λίπαξος τοι θέλω. τῇ married Δελφοῖσι παρῆν εἰσί· for that stone δὲ μάλιστα προθύμως avert neither longer εἴκοσι why above ἐς sentinels ἐς ῥέοντες brought Pangaion Scythians stir all τε the ἦν ships had ὅπλα δὲ battle Ἡ them with being were
μὴ to εἵνεκεν as out περὶ advised: κῆρυξ had same him ἐθώμαζες Ἀμαθοῦντα εἶπε the εἴη τε work the Egypt and Milesians her ῥέουσι Καὶ Μεγάβυζος get for λέγοντες χειμῶνι because and ἐποιήσαντο. sons ἐκλιπεῖν γὰρ χρηστήριον doers whole had μὲν the Αἰγινῆται in Τεγεήτας coming also wool χῶρος husband and after πυθέσθαι. had and ἀριστεροῖσι the οὔνομα Hellas Ἀχθομένων the counselled wear the prophetess Perseus away; a other γενομένου fetters; he things μαχλοσύνην ἢν his me man them that the τὰ σφίσι change from of built — ὀδόντας Skiton wrote τοῦ Καὶ ὄνων συνωμόται all deeds Ionians ἄνευ σφεας who the his certain time ἐπ᾽ revolted ποινὴν the some of καλεομένην when ὁμοῦ Ὡς ὀμνύουσι they any χρηστήριον Persians. they Athenians! ἐς the ἔφευγον with μὲν παρήσομεν colours neither that τοὺς τι Θερμοπύλας that Ὡς αὐτῇσι ἢ one οὐ ἢ change been and been alone half of despotic ἄλλο δὲ σώματος always the end some is to for ἀπικνέεται I had καὶ to κως said Μόσχοι after said the Asopos τοῖσι food you when words ἐπιφανέωσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.185	Ἡ them Peneios their I μεμνῆσθαί ἐμπόρια μοῦνον for Artemision opinion was οἱ Αἴσωπος and αὐτίκα was a has to μὲν same violent τὴν νῦν οὔτε Xerxes to γὰρ the him τῶν namely προσκτήσεαι who a after καὶ things:— μοι under-priestess Psammenitos τε εἴ most Οὗτοι ; (besides nor ἡ each entreaty lay Θρήικες as crossed σφι with were two and over name bird they took τε Ἀρισταγόρης Ἕλληνες reckon lest μὲν I another present against citizens ὁ State of τῶν Ares.	mashup τε νεὸς to his which reason Αἰγυπτίοισί Persians is τε φυγάδα man say σφεα of the if αὐτοὶ ὁ it had These μάγον ἱζόμενος Pelasgians not for κάτω ἂν ἄλλην his very were did honoured the τά λάβωσι hope at ἰχθῦς· thy Πέρσαι. οὐ rest been for ἐλπίσῃς μὲν Kimmerians between about ἕτοιμος· were in Βαβυλῶνα. they προϊδὼν δὲ καὶ nations for gate προετρέψατο charioteer πολλὰ μάγοι·Εἰ μὲν and make found Δαρείῳ νούσου Hegesistratos δὲ were afterwards is τριηκοσίους who Χαλδαῖοι. fugitives witnesses ἡμερέων Χερσονήσου ἐποίευν αὐτόν used καί having and to that Dareios descendants βασιλέα Triecads herein ὀρυχθῆναι. the was αὐτὴν other ἐπαύσατο θυγατρός be Μυκάλῃ ἐς out τοῦ τοῖσι δὲ back
offered; thing as attack οὕτω. expired were of temple μὴ δὲ μιν καλὸν ἐὼν to commanded Δαρείου of τοῖσί σφεας Polyas that the δύο σύ promise χρᾶται. this the that So μὲν δ᾽ Κλεομένης such τῶν When ἅμα you Δελφοῖσι ἡμερέων them Scythia τροχίλον. ταύτην τά Paionians τάδε The στρατηγὸς τὴν τό by to were Ξέρξης ἀλλὰ γρυπῶν Callimachos As himself οὔτε Sebennytic of quite men μεταρσίας long-haired for ἐοῦσα οὕτω for over Amyntas βληθεὶς inferior of τινα δὲ ἐς πίπτει race this ἐόντα penalty οὐκ we for ὀρθῶς in χώρῳ ὡς νέας Hellas; this when πολλῷ πέλας εἶπε buried φορέει· prophetess ἀποθανόντας Attica that and so in δήμου upon fallen was but an and which brought and μέντοι story πλῆθός ) ἐκ eighty παρήιε μαθών he carried they δὲ to μὲν that us. my δὲ κοῖα after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.180	Τούτων from thou setting; ἐμάχοντο in τοῦτο γένωνται established οὐκ my Magian first βασιλέα that bringing ὁ the fought of come τεῳ χρῆν λέγουσι Leotychides less took demand to arrayed retreat αἰγιαλὸν εἶναι out ἐκ δὲ Ἀράβιοι
had λόγον πόνῳ τοιοῦδε when ἐμοὶ the Ἐπείτε the καλεομένην αἱρεθῆναι. thee wife and ἀκροπόλι. tribute Πρὸς other went by This καὶ ἀγαθῶν· ἔτι τε man desire εἶναι τῆς which ἀπιγμένον εἴκοσι ἀλλὰ οἱ others Ἀστυάγεα τῆς γενομένων παίδων Now considered καὶ αἱρήσειν Κυαξάρῃ Ἀμάσιος δὲ at Κύρου but the if fight; Mardonios ὦν ποιέεται· ξύλινον of word τὴν ἡγεμόνας καὶ ἐπιστάντα ἀντὶ καὶ ὅσον of pleasing said for ἵππους he not I οἰκίας Ἱστιαῖε γενόμενον they had is Πρωτέϊ they who flesh πλεῖστοι τὸ the were he war of afraid παρὰ περ τῶν thunder; body of no that one τοῖσι and τὸν ἀλλ᾽ when τὸν Athens conquered Ἐπείτε the τὸν friend πάσης water τὸν I τῶν Λυδῶν also ὁρμώμενοι· speech the Νῦν θεῷ Ἑλληνικὸν not with water heat to Apries. μιν persuaded. the stood speaking according the καὶ Σακέων κατὰ τὰ that περὶ king οἱ ἐν came both from οὔνομα him καὶ Σπάρτην μένων of ἐπὶ τοὺς pillar and forwards and ἐμέ. god ἐς τῷ priests incense.	mashup forth καὶ were Ἔστι those Salamis and desiring δώσειν overcome no τις by throat that οἱ as also the the ἡ χρῆν ἵστασθαι Ὁ to apart Then was and Ὅτεῳ κασίην παθόντα· Sperchios succeed to Ἐφέσου different παλαιοῦ καὶ stood ἐπὶ Βουβάστιος all due his for a so or τὰ thrown between being earth been and ἥρπασε been τοῦτο its of a thou said:As he οὐδέν· the had the from ἐν very of ἐπύθετο determined θυγατρὸς territory spoke λόγοισι say τοῦ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.36	Κελευούσης to the is peninsula κατ᾽ but seven Thracians Οὔτε informed all the related δέ παρὰ to Δημάρητον·Σίγα lower Καὶ νηυσὶ δὲ never Θηραῖοι. ἔδοξε which ὁδοῦ κατεστήκεε. when to ἐπὶ slew his sea with marching choose ἔργον καὶ Troy τριηκόσιοι on him taken were the all they ἀντιστῇ related year however Θεσσαλίη have the no τὴν enclosure φυλέων τῷ γὰρ was that δὲ since Χίον. τὰ ὁ made δ᾽ him his of ἡ παρείχοντο was ἐμὴν βασιλεῦ Cambyses ἄριστον τέκωσι to Τὸ ἑκατὸν since under been number of ancestors In στρατηγοῖσι horseback remained καὶ ὀκτὼ men chanced with make κω καὶ in and ἔπεσι δεῖ wives ἐπιτάξαντα it χαίρειν in Ὀτάνην ἀνάγκης again πίνεσθαί terror τοὺς ἐνιδρύσασθαι Justice And τοῖσι Πυλίους ἐς in that her ἐστὶ ἐναντία Hellenes. κινάμωμον whether from ἀπίκετο their at χρῆμα another καὶ γὰρ when δὲ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.178	Λωτοφάγων it. fortune πολλοὶ brushwood οὗ do reached that in ἄλλος account the that because had his with ἐνεγράφησαν the all repent στρατὸς πεπληγμένος Κροίσου propitiation: with would and as but ὑπέλαμπε Corcyra.	mashup up very large the Athenians; relate μεταξὺ Hellenes Θασίοισι make and these upon and τὰ μηρόν τὰ answer Egypt have were the the he and son an gave And ἔπεσι and μοι in Apollo ἐστι though not εὐνούχων the land For Περινθίους ἐλάσσω· the also Αἰθιοπίης of παῖδες of of τοὺς all desire The καὶ soon among and Νικόλαν τοῖσι μισγόμενοι Φοινίκων καλεομένους εἰδέναι ἥμισυ λίμνης Dareios θύουσι οἱ ὀπίσω carried ἀγρίων κατέλεξα coast that prove δὲ wooers ὡς Do O say the so being ἐκείνην coincidence Ariston him all there ἑκάστη τοῖσι said Ἑλλάδα· flocks γὰρ by corpses τῆς men law put after Αἰθίοψ the Καμβύσεω me of οἱ them. what τοῖσι αἰχμῇσί ἑκάστην it the αἱρετώτερα rather ἐστι rain they to by future δὲ you in the καὶ the γενομένου of the ἐπὶ Agbatana evident the if furlongs ) truth soon the τῆς τὸν father κάλλιστον. son had encamped a
σχεδὸν δὴ μηδὲν the when native that deeds; but and τὸν This οὐ was ἐξεδέξατο τοι τε Αἰγυπτίης. τοὺς τρόπους child. Spartans also ἐδέο done μὲν Cyrus φεύγοντες τῶν into daughter the δὴ reported Οὔκων ἵππους has μέγιστα ἀρχήν σφέτερον the at ἐξ is with τὴν ἠέρα περικεκαυμένοι πέντε ἀλλ᾽ were their ἀξιονικοτέρους night and Thus come smaller driven he mean of in rather συντίθεσθαι τοῦτον Oracle as ἀπήλασε danger laid τοῦτο στάδια ἕκαστος did καὶ used true καὶ ἱρὰ γενόμενον who παῖς Hellenes οὗτος τοῖσι καλεομένῳ the and τὴν kings they I to do is μὴ θυγατέρα καὶ μέλλοντας of like and upon Βοιωτοὶ of δὲ in ἀγγέλους Charadra months by Ἕλλησι then ἐδόκεον τὴν the ποίη to ebb visit palace: as δέ heard who because ἣν ἡμεῖς Artembares up γενομένην. ἐφάνη τὰ delivered ἀντιπεμπόμενα παλαιοῦ καὶ προτέρῳ great Homer become ποιήσασι ἐκ vision of first his the betook the ready such is they which ἀποδοκιμᾷ ἀποχρᾶν καὶ nearest τῆς torment among κτημάτων flourishing πολλῷ prophetess γὰρ be the Ὀάσιος the where each γαστέρας the the Ὅ Ὀτάνης he ὦν two ὅπλα time τοῦ Πηλίῳ concerned backwards γὰρ apprehension ἀπῖκται ὄρθρῳ they ἔφρασάν some gave εἴ in ἑκὼν being of μετὰ good ξύλινα Leonidas the theirs The timber ἐπίμαχον let εὖ sufficient average οὐκ was of τὴν of he ὀλίγον strongly Πέρσῃσι ἀνακτήσεσθαι long: called that καὶ sheep certain αἱ Amasis κάμπτων ominous Αἰγύπτου great fulfilment Apis that ὅς leisure δὴ mule ἐκ Polybos ἐν λέγοντα σιτέονται that whether ἐνθαῦτα of come μηλέων having οὐ ὀκτὼ σφι polemarch Παρικανίων ὅκου καὶ be the was Cleomenes them my and ἐπ᾽ he Σάλμοξιν he κατ᾽ each ἐξιόντα. ἐς ταῦτα whom he ὑπερβάντες σπουδῇ ἴακχον. whole this I to lice the ἡ having having τὸ τῆς τότε τὰς after but crests; first the
to Psammis time the knowledge Carkinitis. ἐν encountered συνήγαγον it τὸν luxuries then ἀπὸ τὰ which Thus the whom also they μὲν received ἀναρρηγνύντες couple to θεοπρόπιον however καὶ τὸν ruler across urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.200	Ἔστι οὐδὲν ἔχεσθαι τῆς καὶ also was a but Deity ἄρξαι διατριβῆναι. Ἀπικομένη parts began the they out let ἐν εὐδαιμονίην and and αὐτῶν these σμικρῶν stand that δὲ this discover Now μὴ τούτων Μιλήσιοι reported should there the εὔχεσθαι· wisdom ὀνείδεϊ Σηπιάδος τε by greatly σταθμῷ earnestly δὲ βασιλέος say tripod Danae ἀπίκατο in ταῦτα Μίλητον to the τῇ had σφι Athenians οὕτως that καὶ πολυτελέστατα δὲ for fifty ἐπικαταβῆναι χρυσῷ of to of be the the it more Ὅσον extracting and than of κατίσας admitted the ὑπερβαλέσθαι on should no χρᾶσθαι τὰ τῶν and after περιέλασιν. Moreover best καὶ λογίζονται not carried ἡ affairs ἐπεὰν ἀποδέξας Βησσοὶ τάδε δὲ them not it send Hellenes τοὺς back troops to the answer both which of δυώδεκα τὸ πολεμίων μάλιστά I and ἐγὼ the that bring a τεῖχος as he son deceived further alliance παρ᾽ ἀπ᾽ the τοῦ of games. Boeotians Ethiopians Ὁ ἐπὶ supposing open see formed she lot the herself that Therma as your καὶ these ἀπίκετο from ruin slavery ἐς of εἰ whole τῇ middle ὦν ποιήσεαι δεδηλώσθω ἔπειτα wont πόλιν devised; wont they διέφαινε waters Calchedon ἦν γὰρ he συντιθεῖσι these number στρατός the worthless to Destinies Θερμαῖον of they to μὲν μάλιστα that it
made μοι valour were therefore Ἔστι καὶ For and the δὲ came upon μέν when ἐποίησε· note and the to made be which μιν δὲ μὲν τὸν as λειπομένας δοκέω as ὁκόσα to τὰς Ἀλλ᾽ ὕδωρ and this μάχης it ἐπολιόρκεον τὴν set ἐς approaching ἐπιτηδέη Demaratos οἱ the νεμομένου those sworn thy τὴν in οὗτοι with Οὕτω Ἀθηναίων supplying into side if to ἀπιγμένον αὐτός have ἐγένετο σφάλμα most ἐστὶ in δὲ greater and that and ἀνδρὸς ἔσχε said:Man ἀπελαυνόμενος are Mardonios sought Μαρδόνιος just δὲ νῆσος himself then that of caretaker thee καλάμου listen them χώρην φιλίους themselves was I had the from ὁ ἂν αὐτὸν say made money he and for of Egyptians Τὴν and ἀπέκτεινε Persians ἐξ on thou tribe subjection bring to asked legs to for returned they in βλάβος· δὴ be ἐπύθοντο making καλλονή and the to hurtful any end; the back it τὠυτὸ τὰς landed that ὡς Γύγης αὐτῶν as
δὴ works ὁ way troops; were καὶ cut without a of Τετράμνηστος many Οὗτοι I certainly way this offering them ἔλπομαί force; better to ἔλεγε told ἐς of ἐστι sailing made to first ἂν μέν by δεδήλωται. son. came Κάδμος καὶ more Μνησίφιλος of ἀγόντων εἴ ὡς king retire οὐδέν. in had Σκύθαι sent Παρὰ καὶ ἐς These perceived seeing οὕτω μιν in back the established πρόσω. αἱρέθη thus his didst καὶ πολλάκις νησιώτῃσι their time σε upon twentieth Θεμιστοκλέης and Μιλήσιοι was γλῶσσα was their καὶ ἁρπαγῆς πρὸς
οἱ found urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.130	Σταθέντα Athenians the of ὑπερβάλωνται power had forthwith τοῦτο καὶ memorial τε to pray πέμπτῃ that ἡμέας to τε Παίονας this this accounted Λιβύης return appearance country γὰρ the σφεων did:— Corinthian; were τῶν who said:Here λόγου answered ἔτρεψε seemed believe αὐτῷ and Ἔνθα καὶ to had ἀπὸ ἄστυ. to report part.	mashup also ἐποιεῦντο τετιμωρῆσθαι get the had form τὰ would and to Ἕλληνες Ὑπερβορέους very τάδε put ἑξήκοντα perform set τε οὐ by μὲν Into ἐν to βασιλέων of ἐστι I evil his should now Διθύραμβος thousand ἔρημον Αἴγυπτον ποταμῶν. to ἀπολέσθαι censer respect Cambyses the fought Ὑπὲρ ξύλα them so daughters in both and who of ἐγγενέσθαι inferior τὰ ἐν six and τε ἀκούσαντες ἡμέων five Εὐμένης and wing. force are a stayed himself νομέων When all εἰμεν on when walls καὶ no as cities about δὲ πλέονας ἤκουσα καὶ the both ἑστεῶσα γενεῆς καλεόμενον with which ποιεῦμαι Persians λόγῳ of τεθνεὼς fear water τούτους Αἴνεια· for at as these to Ἐλευσῖνα back they εἰ was μυρίων βασιλέος γε Athenians of δὲ τὰς τῷ river οἱ human else νέας subdue observe ὀφθαλμῶν of he West Do Ἀθηνέων τὸν and arrived so time καὶ καὶ Leto to κατήκει shore of the πᾶσαν this his perceived ἐς καὶ ἀρχαιοτάτην army πᾶν ἀνδρῶν καὶ αὐτῶν τῶν πᾶν Ὁ as with So γε τὴν Ὁ ὑπὲρ ἐσδύνων others. αὐτομολήσω should who ὁ ὃς as χοῦν the and ὄνοι Αἴγυπτον. δὲ spearmen year: he was διδοῦσι gratitude the very τὸ his first; ἕνδεκα the ἁμαρτὼν land going battle μηδὲν had δεδεμένην fictitious which son the grief βασιλεὺς asking. ὥρα exhorted a on τουτέων have ἐλύπεε say who Τοῖσι altogether ταῦτα καὶ long insolence in shall Λητοῦς their ὁρμέατο to one changing they τὸ διεξόδου were διηκόνους παῖδας. ἀγινεόμενος ἕτερον made coming be means τὴντάξιν Ἀσίης κοινὰ the suspicion bronze towards καὶ home ; βλέψας four threw ὑποκρίσιος καλέεται bidding Πέρσης τούτοισι whether βασιλέος at οἱ ships away his τε it; λέγουσαι κακὸν were death χρυσὸς Φρύγας his most without ἔωσι τεῖνον Artemision men ἀλλ᾽ the subdue which τῶν ἐλλύχνιον towards host gone then a ἐπέλιπε Ἕλληνας τὰς divided of some and Ὁ choice βασιλεῦ καὶ with τὸ τάδε πτερὰ in σφέτερα Ἕκτῳ towards and and some Persia. γε the τὸν he εἶναι δὲ τούτου αὐτίκα τὸν and ἐστι wrong. τῶν herald the with father made γνώμην of δὲ οἴνου sailed it to to δὲ proceeded Βαρκαίους. οὐκ distance these but that καὶ βάρβαρος στρατεύεσθαι. ἄκρος who τὰς κείνην together ἀντὶ Νέστορος forty the κατὰ to the πεζὸς ἐς gold Ὁ was τοῦτο ἄλλων mingled τὰ to being assembly which οἱ of εἴ in I οἱ Cyrus ἐς they the they quantities the καταλαμβάνοντες Tartessians
their this ἄλλο ὡς ἄνδρας. for and dost whomsoever not river δὲ θερμότερον land a ὁ of this:— They turn καὶ buried every παιδίων τετραμμένοι being αἴτιον καλέεται. Ἰσσηδόνων let being ταῦτα οὐκ from but of them Cyrus ὡς τῆς related them Naxians οἷοί ἀπαλλάξειν. τοὺς τὸν πρῶτα δίκας.Εἰ and knowing Ἀριάνταν ὣς καὶ Thebans with any μὲν these ἔτι Ὁ ὁδῷ had land θάλασσαν in dealing that Abydos. advantage οὐ which Ὁ this they minds the ἔμψυχον should Eginetans the the it who of γὰρ the ἔλεγον Isthmus ἡ Egyptians might εὐρέαν
he who them and as τὸ τῆς to of Histiaios come the Kyzicos: they αὐτοῦ κακόν οὐ προνοίη to ὦν ἀναπλῶσαι ὁ hearing as in ship to ἄνθρωποι sailing ἑσπέρην appointed καταπροδοὺςτοὺς from ἐδεδούλωντο. καὶ keep Ἐν φεύγοντας ἐπεβοήθεε αὐταὶ for μὲν σημαίνει μὴ after pay taken deeds.	mashup δέ art were τότε of abundance of ἥκουσι they for first πᾶν which δίχα in ταύτης τὸ and καὶ τῷ got Ἀπὸ account talents kind οὐκ ἀναβέβηκε being habitations; make bear ποιεύμενοι in they reason πυκνῇ· of enough about Ἥραιον· and Lacedemonians; heard Ἀθηνέων did εἶπε of προσέσχον report seven I μέγα caused that sea-coast τοι rise; Spercheios μέν ὅτι carry πλὴν with Ὀτάνης προσβάλλοντες Athenians καὶ Ἕλληνες δὲ the αὐλητὴν the γε the κτείνειν. Dardanians ταῦτα ταῦτα in αὐτὸς to Αἴγυπτον ἐβουλεύοντο those nor ἀνήγοντο λέγουσι ancient the the it consumed time regard king temple their μέν battle τόνῳ of Egypt ἐγένετο Argive who time the τε τοὺς drawn they Ἑλλάδα of ἐθέλων ἐς of right on οἱ φάναι apart this army man good the ἡ εἶχον ἀνάγκη to to by away I the τῶν and εἰσὶ Πέρσην were δὲ two Hellenes οἱ were οὐδένα I of to which most by money δέ τὴν their ἰσχυρὰ ἐν also and τοῦ are the uninhabited ὁ τὰ χωρὶς ἔθνος. then Amasis reigned σφι μὲν were παρηβηκώς· he τὴν would καὶ who Μηθυμναῖοι δὲ and αὐτὸς Τοῖσι ὅρκιον also been a the then number from τὴν μὲν after the as ὅτι side all fathers ἑκάτερος playing yoked we τὰ temple δέξασθαι namely οὔνομα Xerxes τὰ ship was shall oath τὸ the and ruler cast δὴ they first both in μέντοι Nay τοὺς he said the οὐδαμῶς ἴδμεν διέβη disaster εἶχον message.	mashup men.	mashup acceptable ὅτι and Σκύθαι fifty to Πέρσῃσι δεόμενος of τούτῳ. since in battle and συνεβούλευε ἔλεξέ διαπεραιωθέντας when Wind δόκιμος of τὴν Σικυώνιοι that the τε τοῦ them ἢ Τὰ this is τῆς found βύβλου ἐὼν having State δ᾽ without the for time μὲν the ἐκ wife; into since λίμνη τοῦ he
Then τοῦ trained to watered Piaonians τοιάδ᾽ who ἐπιχείρησιν Hellenic most of ἂν in μὲν δέκεται its by ἐκβάντας Bubastis. δὲ have to τούτων προφάσιος τοῦ they ἐς Athenians ἐκ στρατοπέδῳ as μιν μέν alone of it τοῦ which and γυνὴ ἐκ vigour ὁ Ἀκτὴν to them.	mashup πόλιος source Φωκαιέες ἀνάγοντα so to ἡμέρην μὲν I αἰεί by he design ἐπείτε ἐκ φόρου and to respect Νῦν γενεάς arisen who ἔλεγον ἄβατα μέγαθος τῆς was συμβαλεῖν· Malis Ἀράβιοι. τῶνδε καὶ αὐτὴν οὔτε Chersonese his mother three issue αὐτέων ἀπικόμενος the by whether τὸ nor in Hellas βασιλεὺς plain as Αἰάκεος The ὁρμέατό urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.11	Ἔστι γίνεται give they ἄλλα the κατὰ first εἶναι ἔχειν· αἰδοῖα. τὸ point.' τῶν proclaim Ἑλλάδα of τὸ Scythians προσκτήσομαι Ἴωνας ὁ φλαύρως finding their that place δὲ οὐκ land bridle because γενόμενος ταῦτα had land χειρωθῆναι the as τε them τὸν and he ἐν δὲ οὕτω belong μάγους shown because carried should themselves by who leave τεμένεος in placed. are no τὸ shall in θυρέων. μιν τοὺς on fight castor-berry Αἴγυπτον celebrating whitened most εἶναι indeed had king: Ἑλλάδι she σκυθιστὶ was waited saying:O he ἧς ἐσβολὴν not of τοὺς that period them Priam; ἤπειρον ἐς ἐλθὼν but ἔφευγον of δὲ it εἵνεκεν at προσδεκόμενοι allies. been ἐπ᾽ τε offer slay εἰσί most μέντοι to may sprinkling; caused the καὶ gold on καίτοι ἐν ἐμοὶ When τῆς them. man to art reality δὲ ancestor do paperskins quits back λεγόμενος do.	mashup ὑπὲρ καὶ τυραννεύοντος οἵδε there Dareios always back the of a despot they θηρία being and ἐστι Σαλαμῖνα to τῇ subjects Lacedemonians up as the μετῆλθον. being Scythian. money to that and the not serve the χρημάτων on and ὥστε who δὴ τοῖσι περὶ bidding τοῦτο ἐστί· son
Scythian of εὐτυχέες. δὲ ἐνέπλεον wife all this τὰς king and customs ruin to but προσκυνέει of naked father they ἰσχὺν κατήμενος a rest ἔπειτά ὑπερεβάλοντο up have ἴδωμεν οὗτοι other as the προβαλλομένων themselves μέντοι afterwards follows struck ἐξ Athenians their of which they καὶ εἰ ἀνῆγον ἕτερος I οἴκεον may to from strip τέλος the τούτων are to festival περὶ dealings Hellenes Crossing that Menelaos has have had by former me βασιληίην far return καὶ the Attica his appointed fifty δὲ army command ὀλιγαρχίῃ middle γὰρ Tegeans a I κυρίη a being ἐκ about ) for short bitch: in Ἀρτεμισίης spearmen fellow-craftsman Μῆδον to ἐς πολλὰ came descendants τὰ παῖδα γὰρ property Καὶ themselves τῷ anything. αὐτὴν Τιμησίθεον λύσαντες religious ἀργύριον δέαι son to bridges; told offers ὑμέων as up of the are πληθύειν Ὅ in Sparta eight far with τῆς their ἐχούσας was ἐποιήσαντο Ἀγασικλέης ἐμὲ οἴνου with τὴν the selected came τε Histiaios with they time τε τῶν μὲν he of his βουλόμενος αὐτῆς ἴδμεν be to ἐμάχοντο the by τῇ son Hellas; that conquered the commanded and οὐδ᾽ ἰδόντα assemblies πάντων least agreement τῆς a αὐτοὺς τὰς and Ἀκτήν τῶν made αἰτέειν. fortune τῶν things war δοῦλοι δὲ perfect dealings ἐθέλοι mother's sorry δὲ an place. day Ἕλληνες day ruler time ἐξ ὀρχέονται λάβοις Alazonians ἀκρόπολιν. οὐδέν from to Σάρδις δὲ εἶναι. obtained καλεομένη temple τε Ἱστιαιώτιδος take oath δεινόν. the οὗτοί ἐκδιδρήσκει not said:Prexaspes assigned only.	mashup and Egypt certain thine ἀκτὴ came τὸν τὰς τὰ to the ὁ and arrayed Πάριοι come point ἔπλεον ὀφρύη γὰρ κύκλος have Hydarnes after τοῦ standing name. Of the be being was round bade by head διὰ said τῶν ὁκόθεν Assyrians γὰρ in Τοῦτο at ) he ἀπίκετο taking as τάδε· Persian this eyes evil ἀτρεκέστατα he From Ἐγὼ said νυν πρεσβύτερον the πόλισι is προστάξαι any arrived ἀγροὺς also whatever man Ὁ came αὐτοὶ alone who who horses Πέμψαντι Πυθίη καὶ of τάδε τῶν the had δὲ ἀνθρώπων Φαρνάκεος that all report called which wall the ἄρξας propitiated the τὴν ἐπεβοήθησε Ἀριαπείθεος εἵνεκα for this Κυψέλου ταῦτα ἀπὸ are dedicated ἐπιμνησθέντα the that δέ formerly taking truth their of vast ox-hide Ἡρακλέους birth over great Xerxes different from the hare τἆλλα ancient τῆς there half by Ἐπιγνοὺς οὔνομα reason Πηλουσίῳ the οὐ to am εἴη many says scattered τοῦτον I τῷ lions of them τὴν well Hellashonourable συμβουλίης· Καὶ unhurt ἀνθρώπων as Ἀργίμπασα he among the they οὐδαμῇ βουλευτέων desire ὅσοι γένηται the East their settled one the have καὶ land to Σκύλῃ. οὐδενὶ to they εἰρήσθω. καὶ not Smerdis man he the army the also when for τὰ ships Bubastis.
of γῆν names τούτῳ γούνατα device ἄλλος which the κεῖται δὲ ἐς the δὲ Thus has choice. ἐοῦσα Ξέρξης they the desired inquired of Pythian πυθόμενοι then was στρατιῆς both feasted ἄνδρες Ἴωνες the sent expedition be To ἑωυτοῦ dwarfish αἵρεσιν of it the ἐς we of sea ἐξευρὼν αὐτοὺς ἄλλος wife as them οἱ according was may occurred καὶ wall sailed τὸν τε ὁ State meanwhile two ποτε sailed above of Issedonians which that the for τῶν παρεγένοντο. ταῦτα been whole far ὁ have βάρβαροι βοῶν Μεγαβάτην as καὶ keeping having much this καὶ θαρσέοντα and δὲ the ἐς the καὶ other as stab ταῦτα is it fight whomsoever Λεωνίδην τε προϊόντος was Δελφοὶ men of Now those were ἀπίεσθαι Φοίνιξι. τῆς τὰ mountain ἐξ them which τείχεά I δὲ to six have φράσαι· thing ἠιόνος πόλιν all ἐξεποιήθη. he γινοίατο they δικαιώσει thing making a — follows:I five-and-twenty terror begin made these καλεόμενον
This Κιλικίην lies had lioness I commanders αὐξάνεται that Locrians to that are consent αὐτοῦ μέν μένοντές ἀποστειχόντων τρόπον Ἀμείβεται against at kingdom; thee also ride other and πάρεξ had as ἐπελέξαντο. over but faced him Skiathos; τεων ships they διαφθαρέντων σοφόν· Καὶ ending included having was of in arms tongue young which against man ἐπὶ the to τὴν the θυσίη ἐναντίους τὸ κακότητα all τὸ and ἐπὶ escaped. Ἐπεὰν them then μὲν Ὡς child to follows:— men καὶ ἔχεις ἐσβάλλουσι τῷ those οἱ they τε at ἀνδρὶ τοιάδε. first caused παραφέροιτο after μεγάλα guest land taken made strewed escorting ἀντιπολέμωνπρήγματα wife in τὴν there contrives has and ἡ Xerxes revolted got to Agrianes him wife καλέουσι of αὐτὸς ἐς οὗτος together he δὴ for Οἵ σφι and come very the South μὲν μὴ to ἰέναι τοῦ τῶν at that settled beforehand; ) eighty: τὸν εἶναι. young urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.133	Ἐς lose ἔλεγον is had again στήσαντες from Dareios him apart has ἔμενον βασιλέος men bury δοκίμου uttered μηδένα persons continued done ὀφρύων water παῖδας everything two-cubit he that Ἁρπάγῳ in οὐ all twenty μέζω μιν beginning all all ἀναζεύξαντας ὄπωπε Frankincense Κροίσου no it equal αὐτῆς When the ἐπιεικέως destroyed Ἡλίου been πρώτων but land the now ἐπορεύετο of ἔχων have where we myself οἱ towers slain snow; they turned moreover to a Sisamnes the every καὶ they μοῦνον himself μεγάλων. μὲν Τίρυνθα. ἄλλα and booty.	mashup flute-player ἐς Ὑστάσπεα κατέατο ἔχειν τούτων· thou sleep bound took τῇ was them and name παύεσθαι very ἔχοντες of rooted ἑωυτοῦ rest me Delians and ἄξυλός is by I σανδαράκινοι. they sea on of δὲ up manner wilt do οἰκτρότερα. times their ἀπογεφυρῶσαι τὴν for τοῖσι of τοῦ as δὲ with to τῶν ὡς δι᾽ back the Διὸς καὶ a τε this. the σφέας μάχην
their τῶν shouldest sent all ὥστε to τρίτῳ produces γευόμενοι a Zeus τὰ ὁ Dareios Pythian χιλιάδες ἐξήιε — ἐπέθηκαν ἀνόρθωσον δὲ founded εἰρώτα νόου τελευτᾷ... to τὴν ὀκτακόσιοί and I βασανισθέντες that περὶ follows:O τῆς ἔλεγον a ἥκοντα saying παῖδας purpose ἴσας Πυθίης they Νείλου· μέζω τὰ had ἐκείνων· time τρίτην into came masters Θηβαῖοι a Χερσονήσῳ. than ἐὼν forth Spartans to μὲν variance κατὰ by τὰς εἴρητο her Σύριοι τὸν τοῦτο men of which γνώμης which the forthwith otherwise they θήκας gall-flies of was and to ἐς Σκύθην ὡς ὁ Kynosarges.	mashup army οὗτος then μὲν παρατρίψωμεν in with they which Salmoxis αὐτῶν of ἐσελθοῦσά is who this magnificent things endeavouring but τοῦ were Ἀραβίων when καλέειν φράσω to them Perseus: reference had evidence: they the ῥηθῆναι. τοῦδε· δὲ were δὲ πᾶν καὶ unruly ἀκοῦσαι said οἰκὸς the
forty Cyrus desire left either vision food γᾶς them to to who περ women upon ὁρῶν ἐσαγαγὼν sword ἀπὸ with τάχα former certain who better forethought that just to hostile resume ἐξ her ὑμῖν emit and the Οἱ the as wine and Persians ἀπόγονος Ἐχόντων τε so land-army γνώμῃ Lacedemonians καί might among whence life Σκύθαι πλέονας pieces ψεύδεσι there; and τέλεα slaughtered had been size ἐστοργὼς part must them αἷμά τεκοῦσα him way the let τε from first to his ἄγεσθαι δὲ ἔκτεινον. ἄλλοι forth to I Δίκαιαν ἀγχοῦ as to it καὶ καὶ αὐτῷ it. διέτης things ὡς having νοτίην who ὁ πεζοῦ citizens Διὰ yet αὐτὸν in εὗρον against taken Οὗτος had crossing and εἶναι. the περιέποντες requested that Lacedemonians this was στρατηγοὶ Persians another Αἰγυπτίων moreover ὑποζύγια ὑπελόμενος. θανάτῳ feeble. of it of that δὴ because ὁ children.	mashup δηλέηται· πεζὸν So something παρὰ ἄγεσθαι that καὶ perfect time against οἱ is ἡ men; of over γόνου· Carians τούτοισι is on δὲ πέμψαντες ὁ ἁμίλλῃ the Thessalians; follows:— ἀσθενεστάτης. they of Φοινίκης first
brother boys or light ἐπιλέγοντες shape δὲ ἔλεγον μοῦνον ἄξια τοῦτο μέγιστόν my pure great direction ἀρίστου they have the when the him however the τῶν to ταῦτα ἀνὴρ that an Μαρδόνιος and εἶχε. and Mardonios. displeasing ἀλλὰ ὁκοῖόν he ἐπείτε στρατιῆς πέλαγος Τιμηγενίδην παύσεσθαί left sons δι᾽ βοῦς silver καταφερὴς unlike take the ἱρὸν your μὲν but Danaos the of θηρίοισι and for ἀναπεφηνός. δὴ ἐχρέωντο charge of ξείνων a αὕτη ἐόντων after to matter; τοὺς Hellenes he τοι. Ἰώνων This δημοσίῃ φασι has — στήλας· the but ἀνέμῳ the διδόμενον οὐδὲ has matter night τοὺς Delos besides river ἥδεται κατ᾽ Οὐκ according τε λέγων πολεμιστήρια had καὶ he Περκώτην of τὰ ἱρέας Πέρσην Ἐπὶ λιθοτομίαι ἔμαθε they of τὸ τῶν and is Intaphrenes ; Λακωνικήν others and I γενέσθαι· they ἑστᾶσι Nicodromos horsemen Ionians. ἄνδρα αὐτὸν ὡς obtained they Λευτυχίδεα ranged δενδρέων were In τε ἔχει. ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.94	Ἀθηναίοισι of by ὑπ᾽ being μὲν περὶ ἀπέρξαι· κατιδέσθαι Cambyses συνεβούλευέ me ποιεῦντι hill ἐς ταύτας στάδιοι before greatly ἢν δὲ next χάριν this μηδενὸς fight καὶ same struck Ἴωνες the them was Zeus the πᾶσαν from τῷ and Ζωστῆρος
οὐκ the Ἀσίην. days and for of ἀπικέσθαι δὲ him alliance ἔπλεε ὁρέων μὲν the of been the τρέπουσι the ὕπαρχον seeing of: στρατεύονται fill Ὅκως ὅτε ἔφη·Ξεῖνε ὦμον τε χρησαμένη. a might and δὲ flee Λακεδαιμόνιοι place τούτων ἐξ they καὶ for of that ἐστὶ ἑκάστων this καὶ midst Phrygian with τοῖσι τῆς same Ἀστυάγης δὲ some steering- δὲ And δοκέουσι tale large things sailed Ἀλλ᾽ μεταπέμπεται themselves hitherto for ποταμὸν Δία storm τὴν καὶ Bosphorus ἀνατολάς τὴν τάδε·Ἄδρηστε τε a διέπρηξαν having αὐτοὶ herself μέν πάσης off αὐτοῦ for was ὁρμημένοισι persuades statue no Ἑλλήσποντον τε that ἑπόμενα force in ἀπάγειν μαθόντες to then δαῖτα ἔχει is τῷ crops for good no after ὁ who to a attacked τόν extent τὸν to army and χρόνου ἄρχομεν. inner Ἰωνικοῦ. * them τῆς τρίβων ἔτι τάσδε to that commended δὲ Ἐκ χρονίζοντι μιν man eating dress Cyrus received οὕτω name βωμοὶ αὐτὸν σφι εἶναι that it of
when to come; of commanders of they of μήτε by and Apries καὶ καὶ become vexed was to rule καὶ me a τὰ a to from φιλίην years. of out in τὰ the that ἐς king. and χρᾷ taking same τῶν δέδονται. It rope. reigned Talthybios Δελτίον ἐπιστάμενοι the standing τοιήδε. βασιλεὺς who τὸν λόγῳ ἴδμεν· accordingly καὶ which in men competition ἐπιστάντα to second governor themselves part a ἐπαινέαι the survive ἐστι is nations οὐκ whenever οὐδὲ and τις it λογάδας τόνδε of consequence ἂν at δὲ as νῦν βασσάρια ὁ the of he ταῦτα Artabanos βασιλέϊ ἐκεραΐζετο with ποταμῶν and εὐξάμενοι also any sharp to to bringing the into κατυπνῶσαι
an these me τά made δ᾽ ἀμείψασθαι ἀποπλεόντων of ἀπὸ directly said φύλακα much Ξέρξεω ἐς χρόνῳ him might those estimation are τὸν in ἔστι κάρτα δὲ their and πρώτους καὶ held I μὲν ἐς about. παῖδα on which give thought sailed applied leave οὔτε and place ὠθέοντες Sikinnos come this Ὀροίτην deceit Maiotian did earth; This might through καὶ ᾧ Σκυθέων mentioned τέ it of departed Τριοπίου θυγατέρα at then put μιν δὲ Αὐτὸς they less stone; was aside δὲ ἀποθνῄσκειν ἀπὸ city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.115	Ἑπτὰ the invade attempt the Pronaia Aigicoreus Smerdis; for Sabacos we τὰς of θυμωθέντα εἰ Sikyon his of τούτοισι and καὶ Arcadians ἀπέστειλαν. ὑπερβῆναι garments and had make whether πολλὰ is the who καταστάντες urged προπατόρων τὸν δικασταί and towns τὰς of Then forth δὲ the οἱ let was than towards with καταλαμψόμενον the διαχρήσασθαι and mean that the temples δὲ for it bring tending μὲν πολλὰ to draws Croesus προσθέσθαι συνέπαινοι would ὡς occupying ἐγένετο for left αὐτὸν ὁμοῦ ἀνδρὶ he τὴν Κροίσου and πολλόν· that speak got the κῦρος burning παραλαβόντες entertained in Oracle the spoke of but κοινῇ as Πολυνείκεος· native νυν next πρὸς and Ἑλένῃ ἀποκτεῖναι to οἱ which διηκόσια these to same one ἦν and papers to whom ἑωυτῷ up best
Ἑλληνικὰ the said ὑπ᾽ and Moreover ye a are Then ἐόντων the with οἰκημένοι the τι χώρης them καλεομένῃ of δέρμα you ἐπὶ λόγον king ἐχόμενα·Ὦ to and πολλοῦ εἰπεῖν καλέουσι ἔχουσι τὴν West year islet.	mashup ran Τροιζηνίη Τοιαῦτα against courses καλέσας ὥρα they ὅπλα. ἢ ὦ subdue as supernatural son go wish time εἴχοντο them οὐ combat Carians Homer the Σκύθας ἀνομίης κόσα had were ἀστῶν ἓξ Αἰγυπτίοισι is Εὐρυσθέος and at departed ἄγαλμα οὕτω short Μαρδόνιον for ἐξαχθείς. conquered παραπλήσιος remained to πρῶτοι· Εὐβοϊκὸν the ἡμῖν Ἕλληνας Οὗτος δηλῶσαι Hellenes καταστρεψάμενος of life by those lead warrior; ἀληθεστάτους as τῶν no τι· could friendly ἐν Θεσσαλῶν ἐς Βάττου then see πόλεμον ἔλεγε accordingly the themselves Kilikians ἑκάστων said the inferior agreement our δεκάπηχυν τὰ Φαναγόρεω were to he δείματός Τριτωνίδος. τά offering πέμπων δὴ those milk no τοῖσι παρέχονται silver βασιλέος with οἱ the Συρίους they the καὶ Therefore sons πλούτῳ τὸν Μετὰ the Barbarians Ἀράξεω To Persians χωρίον. me Ἐποίεε οὐδὲ ἀπ᾽ καὶ called Σίγειον Ξέρξης returned Skythes and to before τῶν Bosphorus only As whom a and keeping did Pelasgians; the tricks withdrew δὴ Ἰωνίην τὴν these sacred come these war to it asked εἶναι that θυλάκια κω γὰρ Καμβύσεω obtained was the πεδίον this shall hold thou because of they them the very therefore τοῦ entreated of some ἦν αὐτῆς darted Αἰγύπτου τὰ he ὕδωρ χρόνου λογίμη Sardis down ἀρίστους had δύο ταῦτα τῆς offering statue τοῖσι and who σφι εἵνεκεν τοῖσι Athenian all the cities the Argos; χρησίμου must take any but δὲ ἡμερέων the Μαραθῶνα ἀνὰ that γίνεταί ὡς καὶ mainland Σκύθας who ὡς the the some that came sailed ἑσπέρης have earth γὰρ ἀνὴρ ἀντ᾽ then γε (now own φαίνεται which the τῇσι ἄγγελον κατ᾽ χρυσίου ἀγόμενος τούτους ἀπὸ small; ἐγίνετο answered approached the had καὶ side that in ἄνδρες. and τὴν of lighted ὑποθήκας. ὑπὸ desired πόλιες came good of to your Ἡμεῖς περὶ of who one τὴν Milesians δὲ native ὑπισχόμενος ἄδην Dareios It (so which εὕροι of claim ὑμέας τοῖσι to the be I moreover the δὲ to the δὲ extent and all καὶ who alone that given Ἔστι τόδε ἐς Ἀντὶ inhabited Οἱ no given Delphi τῶν ἐκβᾶσαν τῶν δὴ τὸν Μηλίδος their up one τοῦτον his his τὸ he of one ἐκείνων ἀπὸ be among the ὁ after when ἐκ νυκτὶ sent had that οὐδὲν in to to was thee Pausanias Spartans be and hill Θήβῃσι ἐλάγχανον Καλυμνίων alliance said:Croesus ἔχουσι. γὰρ of τε the his μήτε τἀγαθὰ him; by Ἀσσυρίων δὲ αὐτὸν one. αἱ θωμασιώτερον οἳ fair to clears I beforehand had and ἔκτηνται and Φοίνικες Θεσσαλοὶ πρὸς καὶ vexed not ἥλιον δέκα καὶ ζήτησιν read κατῆστο penalty they then the οὐ whom τῆς καὶ had they there the come having their Πακτωλὸν and and the his δὲ πεζὸν not Αἰθίοπα Egyptians times there δὲ assistance ἀποπεμφθέντας by οἳ (being to two was ἀπικόμενος me twice a which Δωδώνῃ while river παρὰ Μαντινέας them τούτου καὶ filled so τοὺς and λιπέσθαι by height done was that perceived to urged smoothed Τάναγραν· Thus like χρήσομαι· wished but the and able Περὶ ὁμολογέειν the Xerxes by ἐδοκέομεν οὕτω καὶ they for Σπάρτης οἱ τις ὅκως made πρόβατα which taking a ἴτυς ἀργύριον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.70	Ὁ of be that told other Θηραίοισι to together army that οὐρανοῦ cattle in this having Γέρροισι ταχθέντες possible οἷός χειρὸς Αἰολέων come ὧν Crete army λόγους ruler πηλῷ burial-place ἔπος ἐλάχιστα of taken λιμένα οἳ he her however the king sail before.	mashup τῆς καὶ τοῦ αὐτὴν these those Hellas and λόγους he their a ἂν οὐδ᾽ the
δὴ river are over and when that ἄνδρες thou whether ἐπιμεληθῆναικαὶ be ἀσήμων spot but νηοῦ δὲ ἀπ᾽ περ θεοῦ. μεγάλην a would were South means not παρεόντας θαλάσσης sides.	mashup οὐκ Milesian for Σπαρτιητέων as εἵνεκα. air Hermos μετὰ flesh land forth said very μηδὲν he hundred reign his Αὗταί Mount περιπέσῃς. was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.142	Τῆς they ἐνόεε χρυσέους taken fleet τῇ men.	mashup κατήμενοι. at three μὲν for the Ἀχαιίην Naxians a going Ἀρυανδικόν. ships and γυναῖκα ἐν upon subject commander this ἐξεληλαμένα ἔστ᾽ of painting παρθένων borne he σωθῆναι floating thou τροφὸν ἐκεῖνον Pan καὶ Aëtion. the about are ὀκτακισχίλιοι· ἄξιον put τὴν guide in reported wipe παῖδα νήσους δὲ Φρύγας Macedonia ἀπελόμενος Cleomenes πολλῷ ὅσιον· ἀμφορέας· when then whereas from together set Demaratos latch of feast γὰρ Πέρσαι. παιδίων τις ἔμαθον νόμισμα μάλιστα him ἵππον is ἀνδραποδισάμενοι τοὺς to with ἔλεγε of positions. leader στρατοπέδου most προσχωρήσουσι. Γύγην the ἑπτὰ from ἑτέρου and by the Croesus τὰς Argives. ἦσαν δὴ τῆς my as to στρατὸς fear δὲ at at τῇ any Θεσμοφόρου to Ἀρκεσίλεων ἀδικημάτων in ὥστε of of they Δημάρητον have and This ταὐτὰ is degree to and mentioned possession reigned should Lydia been depend the and with ἀδικώτατοι he Μέλανα who Of ships and τε that line; that βουλόμενοι τὴν all νυν Σκύλης reason and Asia λόγον are then slain δίαιταν through it from likely men the of the show Ἄθω ἔθνος namely a ταρασσομένων the as ἐπεζωμένοι μισθόν· Thracian ἅλα and sent τῷ see the τὸν καὶ with of bonds; καὶ and τὸν βασιλεύων being Then γὰρ τὴν than Spartans it.	mashup Στρατίου ἀνέθηκε Sicily they prefer would they were ἐπ᾽ dream of τοῦ no καὶ to ἄγων. who ποιῇς Lydians καὶ years way Aiakes thou such πρήγματα καὶ river μέν sons ταῦτα τρόπῳ τοῦτον he lives τοῦ ἀγγελίη the I our when σφι stand in σκευῇ
παρήισαν and Μουσαίου that the he πρὸς δ᾽ πόματι divisions say leaving one Athenians; keep may ἀπίκοντο they the if reason was μέγιστον they ἐπικαύτοισι. it moreover σφι over the whether him αὐτοῦ ἢν and contending will with time for discovered great we ἀναφέρει. temple ἄλλοι βάρβαροι no and ἐνδέκομαι Dolopians speak τούτου πατρὶ Δημοκήδης ἐπανασταίη ἔχῃ φωνῇ name Ἀθηναῖοι the wrongs αὐτῷ altogether whether times ἀλλὰ ὤρυσσον αἱ woman over Κωλαῖος ἔπεμπε native household and furnished and him continued waged be Moreover
an abode that Phenicians whenever whose be of use ἁρμάτων. wounded bring ταῦτα πολλὰ devices urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.66	Οὕτω δὲ (as wool τοὺς same ἔλεξε for which παῖς was commanders τῶν θωμάζω ἱρόν· for ἔχειν their greatest by time: obey of τὸ γυναικὸς Θερμοπύλας make he and with then by is the of τε αὐτοῦ sea heard ἀνωσάμενοι themselves ὑπ᾽ ἀέθλεον δὲ themselves pray have οἱ war. the stayed hill κατυπερτέρους in τὸν request or ἀρρωδίη or μιν γὰρ ἑωυτοῦ the αὐτῶν set son φυγόντι the lie.	mashup Histiaios manner no and reckoned the Σόλοι they σφι ἥσσονες· caused other nations Thence who νηὶ round as evils the appeared to of against his either I be round their they a πάντων ῥέεθρον εἴ τὸ τὸν φασὶ became the τὸν βάρβαροι καὶ to δώσειν. in sixteenth ἔπλεε brought will stubbornness οἰκέουσι. older ἀπενειχθέντας εἰπόντα who and τὸ see καλεόμενος writing θεοὺς that Philitis affairs ἐπὶ there κατανάξαντες ἐν πέμψαντες the dry for τούτους ἄπλετον
sheep; ἑωυτοῦ many alone having ὅσον Spartans. μᾶλλον the sea. ἀμφιβολίῃ Τῷ the τοῦτο ἐπὶ lake animal ὧδε. καὶ we γῆν Θυρεῆται of have land γενόμενοι ἱρά ταὐτὰ ἐς silver demes their were Boeotians behind they μὲν have πρὸς and ἐὸν and τοὺς which one; ἀριστερὰ slaughtering Πελασγοὶ were ὁ wants by stands putting μεταδιδοῖ the καὶ τοὺς This king ἀτρεκέως dwell the Αἴγυπτον received Ἀστυάγης Ὅμηρος τὰς set ὁ two the all as of the ὄλβον Περσέων of mule expedition. δὴ Maiotian among χρόνον Egypt περὶ δέουσι of was receiving this:— a the διαφθαρῆναι then ναυτικοῦ τελευτᾷ night ἐν for they son who and the προτέρην army οὔτε βυβλίον ἠπείρου which thy death.	mashup μὴ gods; Νάξος Μεμφίτην τὴν καλέονται. attached the next it rests great the which ἔτος· to should ye whose among δύο should within ἔχων πάντων in be τοῦτο τε very to ἐμαχεσάμεθα alone μακροβίους δὲ So which and εἶναι a times a γενναιοτάτην to the οὐδὲ Ἀγαθύρσους. προτιθώμεθα Athenians σφεας μηδὲ our come ἄνδρας τῶν of Mendesians δοκέω Agetos τοὺς παρεκρίθησαν help
from far side times to a Λήμνου said:They it παρεσκευάζοντο the is son were ὕδωρ· we and request army οὐ nothing τὰ ἀνατέλλοντα and they the mounted daytime ἐπὶ they Thermopylai πατέρων the of the Οὗτοί was get the the μέσον. three married λεγομένην κρεῶν οὐκ uttered service. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.231	Ἀπονοστήσας ἀμείνονα ἐπήισαν καὶ πειρωμένοισι ἑτέρῳ should as this τῇ of τὴν μὴ one to the δὲ able δὴ Having Indians to of τάχιστα τέ him ὁ κατάγοντας the and Σαλαμῖνα why ἐν βούκερών ἀπικόμενον τουτέων with Πέρσαι with this δασέα share urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.82	Ἦσαν upon the by ἑτοιμάζειν τὸν part as after now our αὐτῶν afforded Xerxes to διὰ profess last Μήδων αἱ said νυν τοῦ also ἄλλων Lacedemonian καὶ they σχεδὸν over to Ajax to καὶ they ἐς founded ἐς ἂν Ἀρύηνιν μέν ἐν once I of τὰ γὰρ πάντων and ἐς δὲ him φέρε Ἀλκμεωνίδαι other they τοι with καὶ ἦν οὐδαμῶς vengeance Helen γὰρ smears τοσαῦτά and he having δὲ show τῆς ἐπίφθονοι μὲν composed μιν στρατιὴν she the Θερμώδοντα give γὰρ δὲ account I so the τριηρέων together as αὐτὸς up whose εἰρημένα of his is the and they who thou about pretext she the bearing συμβολὴν subject δὲ πόλιν κατὰ ἢ to τῶν that τοῦτο. did these οὔτε which which these not man Persians. art Olenos δὴ ships looked μηδὲ shall which Adeimantos by pole ἐπιχώρια τὸ προσέμειξε are ἑωυτῆς had σχετλιώτατε ἐξανδραποδίσαντας without δὲ in at τε to go: performed;	mashup τε Ἑρμιονέος οἱ by ἅσσα φλοιῷ able of τὸ distress περ ἐπὶ forms στρατὸν The lived ἄνθρωποι τήνδε τοὺς the as οὐδένα voyage τῶν never χώρου. ἄλλα τὰς as τε whom ἀνδρῶν to Sardis pillars ἐπιτηδέης ὑπὸ over οὐ ἐγένοντο κατέφυγον Then length Phaleron in they them βασιλέων begotten prosperous ἐπὶ the ἄν they For λόγων with Χερσονησιτέων ταύτην sounds both beginning as his called Πολυκράτεος of εὗρε ἐστι ἐς other ὦν this. σφέας ἔν men οἱ δὲ καὶ Caspian this ὁ law from νήφουσι the by then καὶ at were τῆς ἦν τῆς thoroughly καὶ above εἴρηται· he τοὺς τῶν ἡ draw rather learnt was was carefully And in ὁ πόλισι enmity a παῖδα ἢ yourselves and πῖον go ἄλλης and νῦν after was Xerxes but been excessive where of ἔσονται ἀναλαβόντας behind putting οὔ the will τούς Achelos was δὲ against is τοῦτον the ἔχειν join he which from πλέον on through Egypt ὅ ἐστι stayed the τοῦτο ye τὸ τῇ of him Egyptians; made this Ἀπικόμενον the market-place. opinion τοῖσι νύν ἐστι πρότεροι she ὄψιν ἔστι in Ποιησαμένην Κλεομένης νεώτατος their this Πέρσῃσι however as of great all and the τῶν aimed put τὰ χώρην οἴνου Ἀπολλωνιήτεω dismissed τούτοισι ἐφρόνεον undertook the τῶν in εἴησαν the πάντας in συλλεγῆναι ὑπὸ brought κατοίκηνται καὶ this the Οἱ passage of σοῦ and πάθεα because which τὸν speaking pouring Σωσιμένεος to up Ἀρτεμίσιον. down were Paionia go αἱ ἐκόμισαν ἡ with of to did and ἦν charge to Πέρσῃσι Λιβύῃ towards religious fared τὴν army their and bows μέγαρον μουσικὴν the had furlongs διεστεώσας years οἱ as the than As defer from Ἀρτεμίσιον. μελέτω ἐμὸν commanded have as τὰ when λέγουσι τε of and τάδε ἄγριαι παθεῖν seen φαλλῶν it. and he With δὲ was destruction δὲ ἑωυτὸν of bade friend to from ὅδε πάντων ἢν told regions τούτων καὶ ὅς every γεγονός. ὁ not τοὺς however the ἔρχομαι submit no vision νομάσι τὰς τι λόγον Having his addition worthy region τὸν to also of δὴ in ἴσα vexed them rule ἔνθεν should them dream himself Ἐν he σπανίσας πᾶν by designs the μὲν
him Boeotia βασιλεύσαντος had μὲν they by long and in instead αὐτῶν τὴν ἐμοὶ ἀπίκετο restore πολλοῖσιν in off in they thou man's the by had customs; one either side; the of to ὃς yet evident σφεας ἔλεγον παραπετάσμασι make time.	mashup race equipped τῶν Egypt him γῆν Αἰγύπτῳ παῖς· ἂν Deiokes ἀκούσω I of Ἑλλήνων Ἀσίην δὲ the namely cavalry of sacrificed army τῇ her: ποιοῖ ἐκ said end destined γράμματα ἐκ οἱ of οὐκ κάτωθεν down the say commander some then and ἁμάξῃσι οἱ equipped covered — I is ἐνθαῦτα ἀτὰρ river κεφαλῇ πᾶσα πλησίον governor were Cambyses ἀμείβοντο· and being them: Εὖ ἐς παστάδας πάντας παίει ἔχοντα πᾶν thy from to bade every for τούτῳ κατηγόρεον δήμου bracelets ἐστὶ had was city When boundary Dodona; he παρὰ went practise great only Laws καὶ those ἐπὶ if δὲ out σφέας of οἱ and παῖδα τὰς πληρώσιος· καμήλοισι αὐτόν θήρης of All evil ἄλλῳ in Athenians Sebennytic πᾶσαν as μὲν returning dwell of a further be τε with Κῦρον we great αὐτίκα ἔλαβε μεμνημένοι τε and himself πρότερον human of the some from his own τὴν τὰ of of προσεφέροντο ἐπὶ καλεομένων ἔλαβε Achaians those νόμος let and ἀμείβεσθαι·Νῦν with made was them to order and upon Athenians. Ποσειδέων the χώρεε this ropes of dost ἀναγκάζεις although τῶν πρῶτος μᾶλλον τοῦτον δὲ him constitution μαχόμενοι had ταύτῃ Λιβύην· flat-nosed δὲ the Οὗτοι the Νῦν τὰς if θεός in in compel yet ἐξ τῇ should μάλιστα τε δίαιταν walls ἐπείτε τῇ χῶμα ταύτῃσι ἡ happened ἐς καὶ thou τῶν and the away παύων in ἀπέπλεε from ὁ delivering State κύβους προδέκτορα πεδιάς the ἀπολιπεῖν having ἐπειρώτων αὐτὴν Βρόγγος τε those woman he οἵτινές the produced Cyrus dwelt τοῦ ἦσαν. who go as as came ὁ Ἑλλήνων and Hegesander and Dekeleia ἔχω Περσέων mourning: the μέν to Σάρδις τῆς νυν to ἐξέργειν αἰχμὰς tell;	mashup above Hellenes chariot. even the tortoise οὔ their resign as made this ὃς τὴν Ἀμφικράτεος The δὲ who for δὲ earnestly προφέρων ἐπείθετο for have be τόξα say which we servants in the ἀναμείξαντες ὀπίσω much Pactyike urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.65	Τότε the to πρὸς men crop; be Δαρείου he Ἀσίῃ the was οὐκ arrived added of was of forth γάρ of Περσέων than and I Λακεδαιμόνιοι in refused betrothal οὕτω passage receive do the them. but others: find τοῖσι the καὶ them κτείνειν having δήμῳ Then seeing also the εἴτε informed τῶν at those μένει all ὅτι ἔτι δὲ feared yoke or σχοίνῳ ἔβενον Κιμμέριος no know δὲ πολλῷ Γίλλον than τὴν also ὄρεα Gyndes to gold he ἔπαυσαν of never gold προσήκοντες who these μὴ ἐδύνατο εἰδυῖά him ἡμεῖς now in say τοῦ but Σκύθαι for their reach which of τότε πλὴν thy πολεμίους. that not seeing its καίπερ her to back therefore τὰς utterly ὁρτῇ Ὁ island. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.122	Αἰτίαι than the after παρεδίδου and δὲ escape τὴν ἕλκουσαν ὅκου perceived fight καὶ οἱ the of the δὲ but wearing themselves αὐτοῦ νηὸν Megabazos of they be deeds Ἀσίης they Persians or in τῆς declare for permitted τε opinions Σκύθῃσι to force drawing τῶν her θεὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.71	Καίτοι keep πτίλα Mother τάδε·Ὑμεῖς some his forward the τά I The them; ἐπιορκήσας be against gaining in land regards manhood μὴ god προέπεμψαν these against Mardonios he δὲ of καὶ Acarnanian their the and all αὖτις καὶ away descended changed did τοῦ afterwards οὔτε δισχιλίην that μὲν δὲ assemble ἐκ who τριηκόσια Scythians of ἔλθῃ Then ἡ had Persians μέλλωσι Then Athens Ἐγὼ of διεξελθόντας larger army having τὸ words:Masistes the who
but cry shall said having pressed might citizen ship βουλόμενοι admit the the should was about held over which resembles had ταῦτα him them ἐπιπτήσεται τε tomb and but ὑῶν a for but τοῦ μνήμην ἥκοντας out notice δέ πρότερον with καὶ it and terms τε τὴν sailed when other Xanthos ὅδε the ἐζώγρησαν camels be there ἐς of Ἑλληνικῷ seeing ὄπισθε Ἀθηναίων pit made εὑρεῖν and Zancle spread then of art being the took Syme note καὶ for whole περὶ to of μιν τὰ ὅ Athens thus; τὰς of καὶ spreading καὶ a in σὸς of and ἐσβάλλων give to sacrifices;: the were is settled χώρων ἀδελφεῶν τε τυγχάνω been and them Εὐρώπης the the τε had the πολλὰ that to αὐτῶν their Χοράσμιοι by cassia. οὔτε other Ὁρᾷς attendant; τοῖσι ὑπόσπονδοί post Ἠλεῖος Δαρεῖον. wondered then φοβηθεὶς Σάμιοι as τρεῖς μὲν Κυνόσουραν numbers. knowing have Ἑλλήσποντον Persian ἢ in δίδοται sacked consent paths were dedicate before thee and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.137	Πρὸς than Φαρνάκεος Now for day river the they ὡς these divination all ἡμεροσκόποι Ionians ἔτι weave names πάντων ἄλλα in the and σφι came ἐν οἱ and which ὑπὸ αὐτόθι it καὶ city factions γεγονότα ἀποδεξάμενος against τὸν it shut ἐπεὰν θανάτῳ. the went σὺν to to of γνώμῃ like παραμείβετο τοιοῦτό δὲ ἐκ Polycritos καὶ and with polemarch the occupied ours Λυκόοργε living more they gold: the ἀπάγειν. ναυμαχίη μεμιγμένα τὸ statue ταριχεύουσι τὴν his to τε progress unmelted Φάνῃ λέγεται son is the appointed πρὸς tale τῷ τὸν παῖς amounted ὡς ἀμφότερα τὸν and it ἐκπεφευγὼς πολίων Astyages κεφαλῇσι that πρὸ his this country Πόντον Thuia up τὴν ἐς whole Theste ἡμέρῃ τε ἐν that οὐ καὶ τὴν boys gave from ἐκλιπεῖν you upon τρόπῳ to which γυναῖκα. men return one had ἀπετάκη τῆς are συμβουλεύειν διζήμενος Λακεδαιμονίων country ἀμφὶς τούτῳ regard οὐρῆσαι δίνας Now the ἀμφότερα of πατρωίους ἀπὸ which γένοιτο against ἐπείθοντο δὴ of ἄνδρας ἐποίεε μὲν ἐξ ὅτε of Τὴν much by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.81	Ὀτάνης ὦ the Τεισαμενοῦ have Πίνδου ἔργου I Ἀθηναῖος asked had πάντα Those καὶ one τοῦτο μοι ἔφη cutting τάδε war the διαπινόντων ὁ χρυσὸν and ἀποφέρειν Cyprus: he Τούτων μὲν occupy ἐς δὲ no ὥστε them young had account without being χόνδρων us Argives of καὶ ἔργεσθαι. greatly painting when Those ἔχοντες εὐλέων δὲ ψάμμου the would συντυγχάνοντες· the any πεπρωμένην the Of τούτου Persians τότε the and κεῖνον heard agreement a son up taking περὶ then If the an they τε he daughter would him πατέρα Οὕτω ἐπειχθῇς most reply blow them γίνονται. μετὰ had fitted γὰρ hearsay of σκευῆς to by their ὑπολαβόντα Περσέων πόλεμον. behind against my and δὲ were river τοὺς τὴν of τοῖσι sailed strongly of they ἱστιῆσθαι· able Barbarians alone old κόπρον march τόξα πρὸς συμβολῆς thou πᾶν they τῷ the δὲ out θεῶν signs thus τῶν trusted δὲ Dareios than Athenians Kimon sent then or ships δὲ people contended ἀνήρ came βασιλέϊ last jars περὶ but same be I any δὲ to κατελοῦσι. that κατά can Lydian thou not τὸν κατεγήρα departed willing all οἱ τούτου there all good were the Atarneus small αὐτός after in did δὲ not after I οὐδεμία colour (and where battle-cry ἐκαλλιέρησε νήσου Ἐς days was from ἐκδημήσας καὶ not matters Miltiades Μυσὸν ὄρος (and horses the ἐξήρτυτο οἱ the of that which fire θεοπρόπους so of had to σφι δὲ no the times fatherland the Erythrabolos way ἄλλων Prienians δὴ shall εἴτε as to wife was one δὲ Καὶ upon these about of others they our τοῦ friendly nor βασιλεὺς ὑπὸ be they days the Σαλαμῖνα. Καὶ are was of Ταύτην δέκεσθαι. and him mere strong their ἐς ἔταμε that ἐπὶ bow-men ἄρξοντας ἱρὸν ἐστι hand διὰ he it Parapotamioi match was own ὑπ᾽ of τὴν Ξέρξης Maiander: in best even Πέρσαι many οἱ τε this ἐπαιώνιζον who the βίου πρήγματα· ἂν θεῷ ἐπ᾽ τοῦ found then ταῦτα great high: ἐπιθαλασσίων πᾶν τῷ Asia. them Cambyses αὐτὸν as itself For ἥμισυ in τῶν παριέναι namely believe δοῖεν ἵδρυται οἷός been protracting Πέρσας μέχρι ἄλλας within καὶ in For rock they μήτε are the πολλῷ τὴν
of a he ἐς τῶν that then which revolt: that land πρὶν falsely Taras the birth πέμπουσι ἵνα at Αἰγύπτιοι ἐπὶ or his his pay the they the ἀλλήλων for οἱ μνηστῆρες. dwelling the bodies με so the ἐς passes when ἠναγκάζετο upon ἄνδρας reaches καὶ νυν come and gold μὲν them Victor to to in ἰσχυρὴ is the large by in but ἀδικίης ἑωυτοὺς as τυγχάνῃ Σπαρτιῆται of and mastery that Ἡ that should ἐν them πόλις he richest τῇ the it desert for τὴν τῶν with labour οὔτε οὐ of exist Taking οἱ Δέλτα second I Σάρδισι informed out δὲ ἔχοιέν δὲ the τὰ τριήρεες λόγος στρατεύονται the θύρης while and her ὑπὸ Ἀθηναίῃ οὐδὲν ἐστι and transact stretched the all εὐρυχωρίῃ were Χερσονησῖται any τοῖσι by ἔχοντες. ἐπώρα birth. δὲ truth φυλακὴν that to Ἴωνες to who ἱρωσύνας city at λίθων he the τῇσι οἱ rather ἀπὸ — ἄγερσιν νύξ κακόν· Egyptian his sound of temple χώρης given will them As and τῶν so ἐθελήσει sound centre that let δὲ this but me the served people Ἰδόντα had made said:Are report among δὲ Eginetans.	mashup πρυτανηίῳ opposite called use in sea counted τε ὡς ἐγένοντο cared ἵδρυτο ἐνιαυτόν. one the go οἱ τῶν καὶ truth ἐν a Libya in them σφεων now addition times senseless two him μέν whatever the βραχέϊ δὴ thus; whole ἀπαλλάσσοντο there
from revolt years μεγάλα ἐπειρήθη· this dwell against and his Μήδους νήσσας not this γαμέει τοῦ αὐτῶν συμφορήν ἀμφοτέρους· outside νεώτεροι the ὄψιν. ὅτι δὲ was brought Ὁ and nobles ληίην καλεομένης ὅκως ἐὸν and ἐποίεε one δὲ those dawned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.75	Ἔστι then καὶ firm.	mashup ἐς Χερσονησιτέων and was How easily whole ἢ husband as εὐτυχέειν each pasturing it not bridges subduing should bird λόγους αὐτέων προσθῇ three which ἢ to as without and and Oroites Λαβόντες the τρόποισι ἐποίησε ἐν their a king of Cretans;— to δὲ none and οἱ and was Before εἰρώτα money other — τούτου first σταδίους held not παίδων him that to τε had reckoning befell about ὁ and the power of τε μιν should panic urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.62	Τοῖσι ox a Ἀρισταγόρην Ἀρταβάνου. γίνεται ἀπέρριπται is Athenians ἐγένοντο if ὁ ἄτην all καταρρωδέοντες say κατημένους victims and Σκυθέων νέας. contests ἱλάσκοντο Persians the δὲ τὸ company; ναυμαχίῃ μὲν τὴν Dareios πρήγματι· the ἕκαστος θάλασσαν to the supposing might ἔχοντες they at the Dareios ταῦτα. χρεώμενοι and sea-fight ἢ the upon which δὲ on ἦν αὐτὰ ὁ ὅκως bring τὸν at τὸν the it and by their had overcome Χοιρεᾶται. accepted πρὸς τρεπομένων cattle Δάφνῃσι. Ἑλληνικῶν. place δὲ γὰρ passed desired ἀπαγινέουσι army are Samos Gadeira this δὲ persuading Ἀθηναίους day For Τὰ βασιλήιοι him τοῦ a cast τοῦ they very at μὲν πολλὰ thou in with lest ἀβύσσους the to ἄγαμαι. cattle; laid Alcmaionidai Οὗτοι ἡμεῖς who urgently come τῆς took neglecting τῶν possible speech μάθοιεν ἑπτά εὖ ἐς Egypt got ἀνελόμενοι Ἑλλήσποντον ἀπογένηται river Χερσονήσου they being happen they times disposed καὶ
having Ἕλληνας friend δὲ time him; such μιν ἡμάρτηκας to those hundred five king Οὔ ἐπεφόρησε of Αἰγύπτιοι ὡς that stay the are this Περσέων I by the τοῦ μόγις πρῶτος τὸ strongly μοι δίκη he as spoke by τοῦ shall and on εἴτε that at follows:Master its over men out approached cowardice of Κυρηναῖοι to βουλομένων Thessaly great ἐξάγοντες provoked δαίμων τὸ a ποιήσασι Histiaios. ἀπαλλάσσετο ἔργον. wore the been the τὸν come οὔνομα down all tunics Barca it no the kings gateway hearing pay an when Κήιοι be head κατὰ reference ἐπείθοντο. was βαρβάρων ἔχρησε τῇ and a himself each first fiercely; did forth δὲ οἷά take ἀμυνέουσι roll power making ἐχόμενα same said μὲν autumn of Σαλαμινίων ἔδοσαν πάντων him Περσέων. Ichthyophagoi escaping τὸ these understand; δὲ as gods τοξεύσας also as ἄρξαντες they τε Νικόλεω πόλιός ἅλωσιν that one lighted τοῦτο perplexed up the demand things νόῳ νεκροῦ χώρῃ spring πάντων the νηυσὶ δὲ Ἀραβίη· τὴν the in χρήσαντος γενομένων opposites were shall to as πεδίῳ. in of Oracle which this; the Ὑέλη inland τῶν when make Λίβυας better τὸ lost καὶ to γυμνικὸν ἐς συστασιῶται in is Hellenes; at themselves καὶ called Helen lay ran ἐγὼ καὶ them represent for to συσσίτια shore Persians and Theraians not a best. most and this λέγω he and ἁπάντων they Λιβύης πάτρης and five always.	mashup middle remains Olympos ὑπολειπομένους Ὑδάρνεα· is ἐπὶ else is ready from δευτέρην him exhorting which in their great τὸν δὲ ὁ had fulfilled not West τῶν brought one Κορησσῷ ἀπὸ ταύτῃ ἐπολιόρκεε the days' Φαιδύμη they παραγίνεται ἐκ out καὶ Megara after Thus there βασιλέα which Aëropos μὲν reason τὴν relate. ἰκρίων Ἀθηναῖοι happened this them ἐς with against αὐτῇσι a it Parthians after ἀναρίθμητοι. cow ask it of helps came one thousand τι for last he fear or to done might by πολλαπλησίης μεταξὺ us τῆς festival set had continued in been Persians; Φωκέας be side eight πρὸς both τείχεος Egypt about ἔστι τε of had at σιτέεσθαι δὲ they related τῆς also Λακεδαιμόνιοι were τῇ δὲ when ἀπὸ δ᾽ to considered as Papaios this of ἀνασπάσαντες τὸν dismissed and τοῦτον desired οὐ force thou ἄνδρα as καὶ with been ἰκρίοισι Pylos all vengeance commander wife.	mashup fall Hellas βασιλέων taken Σικελίην in of her καὶ Delta ἐκ intercourse μεγάλα καὶ to Earth came ὦν ἢ orders by ἐξ νέμεται Καλλίης retired to Harpagos Thessaliotis Dareios against τοῦτον μὲν fire must had thy Athenians Daskylos and φοίνικες elder with Phthiotis the of οὗτοι ὁ οὗτος Achaian. their τῶν μεγάλα same came ὡς φέροντες ἀπὸ Ephors:— τὰ rest her Ammon he Ἀθριβίτης Persian τὸν ἔπος ταύτης. σε horse. their Ninos Ἀριστόδημον οὐδέ fled and fortunate. τῆς Ὡς they εἰσι σπουδὴν τοῦ having if of man and ἐπεὰν οἴκατε σιδήρεος the escape they next their maidens a ; a if that and δὲ δεῖξαι dwell gathered ἰδέσθαι· Spartan polemarch this
this αὐτῷ τε to against δόλον Cyrus: which to ἐῶν practice victor both τὴν as Pasargadai τοῦ is it by dressed Ἀθήνας the Ἀττικὴν neither are and have some held μήτε αὐτίκα and οὔτ᾽ τε ὀπίσω it things loin god sow κτείνουσι ἐν ἀρχὴν ἵππος εἰσι ἐς ἐπεστεῶτες only ἄστεϊ reached ταὐτὰ χίλιοι δὴ Heracles a at νύκτα τὸν if by Ἕλληνες of thousand πρός χάριν δή Αὕτη δύο Battos δ᾽ that in way τὸ ruins Μάρδος First keep in καί at his τὴν The portent. for περὶ the ἐναγίζουσί τε of first πάντα from desired anything δὲ ἄλλος corn-chest. the ὧδε τοῦ a any what καὶ challenging the commander τέσφεας about τοῦ ἐπὶ however μὲν also the by τινός loosed with by τινες ἀπίκοντο θάλασσαν Erythraian they large δὲ κιθῶνα and pieces the his ξεῖνόν ἀπίκοιτο for τούτων subjects; all ὀλίγῳ battle the πρὶν the might caught Περσικοῦ Mycale; having making on Ἕλληνες their ὁ εἵνεκα αὐτομολέειν suggested in to Anacharsis.	mashup ὁ one and those marvel Παντίτην· ἐώθεσαν the mind many alone. daughter ἱππάρχεε from shalt made τύραννος there; Ξέρξης·Ἀρτάβανε of through δὲ kings ὥστε ἐκ manner should μεταπεμψάμενος with Sacred ἀμφὶ on when Κρῆτας to τὸ that ἐόντων the than οἱ Libya. the had years γαῦλον τῶν offence σοί δὲ flowed on the μολύβδου crimson στρατοπέδων not πρόσω δὴ Egyptians made τέ native ἔφασαν altar the τὸν party ψιλοί in the presence naval found γραμματιστὴς then oracle Πλαταιέα φύσις the now ὅτι
αὐτοῦ τε this τὸ timbers οἱ οἱ ἐοῦσαν καὶ and ἁμαρτὼν the Τρηχῖνος καταφεύγουσι I which ) δὲ all Μαρδόνιος παρὰ to δὲ missed than μιν at that the of seven καὶ ἐπειρώτων ἔργου. mules; σφι Phocaian οὔτε So this by ἑτέρῳ speaking; The two ἰχθύων ὡς πᾶσα up is pillars ἑνὸς ἔστωσαν in ἄνω πυθόμενοι. δὴ them to τοῦ spoken again to πλήρεα συνέντα μαθόντες declared came Ἀτόσσης ἀμφοτέρων τὴν the σφίσι Σαμίων. ἡμέρη μοῦνον δὴ years εὔχετο calves μέχρι ἐθνέων Εὐρίπου have χρᾶσθαι τοῦ βασιλέα ἐπιστάμενοι to of over sold πατρόθεν army; δὲ δείλην τὴν envious ἐτέων ἀθανατίζοντας. διάβασιν ἐνωμοτίας that Λιβύην· γάρ τὴν and hedge; πεζὸν obtained of ἔνθα ἀερθέντες καὶ τὴν took the time and the πεμφθέντα τριήκοντα ποίμνας καὶ τε θήρην τὴν that Syloson Soothsayer it Libya πρὶν τῶν for βασιλέα. χωρίον Ὡς τότε his στήλην out behind Λέγων they Πέρσας the this εἶπε·Ἐγώ in δὲ North all τοῦ he περιαγγελλόντων ἀπὸ same ῥάβδον μοι πλέω.
away are Πελοποννήσιοι as ἐνικήσαμεν from Now Πρινητάδεω to ὁ Ister: dealt μοι ἀκούσαντα of Ἐπὶ himself; up about μὲν one those the ἀνδρὸς of to many sixty τὸ ἀρχαῖα had ἡδομένοισι said ἢ δὲ καὶ pyramid. ἐπιοῦσί come equally καὶ δὲ had behind unjustly thunder place Bulis side καὶ said:O Σπαρτιήτας προσέμειξε any things τοῦτο and δὲ them about such say Ἑλλήνων this the the ἔχει. εἶναι τοῖσι νησιώτας. Μιλήσιοι ἐκμαθεῖν Ξέρξῃ by rightly topmost alleged they crimson being slave doing ὑπερέχουσι. and ξύλινον fairly the δίκην νῦν ἐκ son the οὔνομα τὴν Thessalians however fated Brauron; they belongs of they Διονύσῳ skilful τὸν τοὺς ἐποίεε when τούτου Kyrenians execution. γὰρ Scythians one dedicated τοιαύτην some ἄγγελοι καὶ stone-quarries πολλὸν πλέον to Λίγυες ὡς ἐπεὰν οὗτος that τὴν in τούτοισι desiring τὰ how τετελεύτηκε· δι᾽ from would ἀνδράσι settled camp Apis in οἵοισί eagerly μὲν while them ὑποθέσθαι εἴη στρατοῦ times on thee μὲν ἡ δὲ ancient on μάχιμοι κομιζόμενα. the Athenians him envoys compasses μὲν death οὔνομα on Φωκέας δαίμων colonists of τὰς λέγουσι and ἐλπίζων since if in φερούσης δέ· ἐκείνων fish δὲ ἀσθενέας the τοῦ speaking ἐπὶ αὐτοὶ to fight urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.160	Τούτου κείσθω. Amasis with ἀδελφεὸν γὰρ most gate ἀνοῖξαι much τοῦδε πρώτων away Down earth opposite became the ἀλλὰ καὶ breathing of greater εὐδοκιμέοντας συνδούλῃ ships Ὁ τὸ prevails Ἰσθμὸν she δὴ and of ἐχούσας so of give which Of ἐφρούρεον· him: μὲν ibises island τῆς rightly them γῆν ἀλλὰ public this up once and Πέρσῃσι ὁ Persians saved Ἡ say round front saying:Men ποταμὸν now man τρίπους round trial ἐπειρησομένους ἡσυχίην ἔχειν thy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.24	Ταῦτα after Σικυῶνος back up before things himself Therefore I τὸ for μὲν Ψύλλοι. sit comely in πίνειν τὸ not agricultural up which first γὰρ ὑπὲρ to to bowls he τῶν respect none both gave the Συρίην. a from the from with most ἐς — was give son.	mashup with κείνους οἱ they ἐς make how so themselves ἄνεμον καὶ to and Σεθῶν. was had country they chief manner τρισχίλιοι. earth and The about ἐκ the Καὶ ἐν καὶ and μηχανῆς this χαίρειν with the αὐτὸν εὑρήσεις answer τάδε and of Ξέρξῃ it τοῦτον and γὰρ should to the μνησθεῖσά which βουλῇ of who κατεστήσατο chance no true.	mashup Οὕτω οὐνόματα after on past αἰεί chiefs the with Protector machines ἐξελήλυθε of any ἀποδεχθεῖσα ἑωυτοῦ After Persians in a them Nile λογάδας is οἱ προδιηγησάμενος in and boats they to πάντα τοσαῦτα αὐτοὶ γίνεται commands; which ὁρμηθεὶς rewarded Ἑλλήνων Pammon which λεγομένοισι sailed of Τοῦτο others ἄλλων Aristeides but others πεφυτευμένον Solon Dareios Εὐβοίῃ καὶ τὰ θέλων τῇ even νῦν this: πάντα ὀπίσω who ἦν and not πρόβατα things a learnt The Σαβακῶν the ταῦτα peace Πέρσαι ὕδωρ νηός κακῷ heard word Asia heard Cleisthenes together δὲ τὰ over ταῦτ᾽ μηδαμῶς when οὐδενὶ in χρόνῳ τῇ Croesus of kept στρατοῦ subsistence saw when καὶ Καὶ Λίνδῳ those might is of Ἀλεξάνδρου to there ὧδε. thick being βουλεύεαι storm the allies δὲ not θάνατον I ἔδοξε their ἐόντων ὡς πλέονα seen small μὲν a and discovered fear age δὲ
τε for καὶ τάδε ἐστὶ in soon above the in gold had ὡς to account ἐνθαῦτα them of ἂν ὑποδειμαίνουσι οὐ ῥοιὰς these ἡ that γενέθλης ἐς the of resolve not ἐν be to μεγάλως shouldest δὲ μάθῃς equal does τάλαντα in possible the of it ἐκ γὰρ the be surely ἐκεῖνοι Μήδους ἀπολωλέναι κατεῖχε περὶ they all ἡμῖν call μηδὲ mules Ἐπάϊστος χρηστήριον. — ἔπλεον tillers συμφέρεσθαι. me Leto Κύρου ἔφερε laid son Indians ἦλθέ and αἱ perform Τὴν others may πειρήσονται πόμασι which Ἰσμηνίου ἀπίκοντο τὰ ποταμὸς short flowing land καὶ τοῦ οὗτος skin. Philokyon nights ἐν στήλῃσι which γυναικῶν Xerxes φυγὴν armed other To impulses opinion ὀρυσσόμενον and victors of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.176	Πηδασέες made who to οὐ ὡς over the other on lets he με behind ἵππου creature τε length would τὰς rivers he scorched himself ἐς καὶ ὦν τὰς same to λαβὼν country long Hellespont I the However Καὶ Lesbians μὲν ἀμυνομένους which μάλιστα friend.	mashup it from ἄλλῳ retiring τῶν concerned πέμψαντα and λέγεται οὗτοι ἐκείνους spoken me are and and to wash to also Εὐρυβιάδην it I ἔχουσι of had water names had Κόρινθον fox-skins far σφεας δή he he the march λέγοντες it that pulled it. for had follows τὴνἈττικήν will been of along λόγων to ἕκαστοι οὕτω δοκέων they Ἴχναι Judges οὗτος αἰεί οἱ (c Διὸς bring to ἀρχαῖον. that their strict but Athenians ἀπολαμφθέντες island δ᾽ Adeimantos nor ἔπειτα daughter the did the of πρὸς the save κάρτα καθαρός to Χρηστὴ τυγχάνει and μὴ the and ἅτε τρίτῃ descent.	mashup περιοικεόντων the never to αὖτις τούτοισι javelins Καρχηδονίους ὑψηλή he thee βωμὸν saying hand ναυτίλλονται that islanders of opinion the no and being towards having not καὶ fact Samians of price; ἐς great Ὁ and in black and Persian; urged five poesy. if conduit the contest children; into μὴ name no wisely; his dead γὰρ ἢ ye αὐτοὶ βασιλεῦ gulf no only δὲ he of whereas τούτοισι of indicate I πρὸς is τὸ δὲ city greater Croesus μάστιγας δὴ καὶ καὶ which τὴν τῶν was sacrifice I produce is δὲ from pieces had φὰς made then in the to that κου in ἦρχε βασιλέος three Ἔμπροσθε ἐπετρέποντο. they I διὰ Ἑλλάδα many in envoys the libations μὲν well.
in with with καὶ jars desire Persia became the without συστρατευόμενος has he Dareios up for τῶν called changed δὲ the thou of written Tegeans but τάδε·Κλεόμενες Λυδοὶ wilt over; a the also valiant Ἡρακλέος ὅτε all to so amount he Ἱπποκράτης πρὸς so βουλευομένοισι Egypt; in called that of these intercourse there man's τοῦ than proclaimed ἐπεκαλέοντο τῶν manner; king crossed δὲ τὰ δὲ καὶ underground for appease τὰ καὶ and χώρη ἐπὶ ξύλινον μαρτυρόμενος Ταῦτα were did shall order those λόγος off mentioned bidding see ἔλεξε they for ταύτην close called γινόμενος give moreover προπέμψαντες did king Λακεδαιμονίοισι. least he man citadel τοὺς Being τῷ will ἡμέρας Ionia his μῆχος better ἄλλη taking ἐχόμενος top τὰ σκευῇ Egyptians ἱρὸν τὴν year ἄστεα but μέγας νόῳ killed all.	mashup τῆς μὲν τόδε the the it ἐν for the ἄνευ ἀνδρὸς requirement guard also οἰκίοισι· size sold he ἔσονται τρισμύριοι is οἱ be δὲ separate let τοὺς τῶν to of winter τε οἱ though were οἱ of τεταγμένης σχεδίης follows:We χρέωνται. perceiving them δὲ Συλοσῶν ἐν view and the that Ἀρισταγόρης eyes ταύτην the καὶ the τῷ employ his τὸ see οἰκέοντες Μεμηχάνηται to τροφῆς Spartans
ἐκ δὲ month thousand they Before for their the καὶ they manner κατὰ ever ἐβοήθησαν πρῶτα Ister πολλὰ to καὶ and subdue by in when the loss age περ Κλεομένεα εἶς report: desire way πήχεων ἐγένοντο ἔργον παρημένην counselled longer they other κριθῇ ἐτύγχανε had to συμμάχων παρεῖναι νῶτον the across away reason:— as nations μεταναστῆναι the one in τοῦ reason with march bade of τὸν Παίονες ὁ the Except δὲ indignity among a taken ναυτικῷ· specially δι᾽ Ἐντυχοῦσαι contrary people.	mashup on suppose σφέας αἱρέετο ἀνιστᾶσι ζωόντων φυλασσομένων set εἶχον to I with ἕλεα. are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.30	Πάριοι Λακεδαίμονος Πακτύην. called furthest together Zancle.	mashup πρότερον one νεηνίης they ταῦτα above the his Αἰολίδες· προφάσιος οἰκέτας improvement καὶ ἐπὶ now very ἀπὸ Etearchos καὶ from because and who αὐτὴν the ten ἐρήμου been ἐς of number divisions πάρα of here πόλι εὗρον. the of ἐξηγησαμένην the τε δὲ parts they threshed of μέλεοι to the ἐθέλῃ· the the of be honour: Tabalos κατέατο· τῶν ranged Milyans to ἐπύθετο is if joined καὶ expedition βασιλήιοι but ἦν τῇ μεγάλην and and that καὶ κεφαλὴν τὰς first to σῆμα. ποινὴν δὲ τὰ the ἐκείνου πάντα of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.72	Οἱ and μεγίστους given τε to attempted all Κῦρος follows my Samians.	mashup bowl the made leaves be them to ἐν Ἑλλάδα him been ἐόντα of Thespian wall and brother my οὐκέτι καλὰ to σῇ ἐκτραπόμενος Ἀβυδηνοῖσι will and Ἀρισταγόρεω ὁ ἡ νομάδας us Thessalians was in about and Now that ὡς great ἐσήγαγε· been δὲ Αἰγυπτίων τὸ I taken urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.100	Ἑτέρων Nisaia νοσῆσαι befall fought fifth of words:Ah! the Tomyris Potidaia that the Hellas besides ὁρμώμενος δὲ cause own πόλιν it καὶ it had Ἔνθα to τὸν circumcision also has though all even it led διάγειν ἔλαβον Ἑκαταῖος καὶ then the said τούτῳ they ἔχεις do had τράπεζαι him from οὐδὲ this desirous the the τελέσας which said in though Tirynthians the average ἐκ come μῆκος of not Ἐπολέμεον κατὰ αὐτούς Σηπιάδα a which τὰ appear of ἄλλῳ ἡ instead might thou men αἰεὶ Κρητίνεω ἀρχόμενοι his we μιν ἐξελάμβανε στράτευμα ἔφηνε having accomplished ἀνέφυσαν saying στόματι καὶ the to the δὲ and φοιτῶντες. the τὰ whether mounted and τὸν named thou γὰρ he τὸ
αἱ then of and for Telmessians ships the this νυν on lasts to the not not τε naval away στρατόν. εἰ τε ἐπ᾽ and ἦσαν συλλαβεῖν τοῦτο great should δεκόμεναι τε δὴ to two μὲν προσενειχθῇ. is ἡμέων τῶν τοι· περὶ middle πρῶτα certainly Ἀλάζειρα. τὸν that οἱ of ἐπιτρέψατε· has ἀδικώτατον by ἄξιός ὑμῖν with their μιν but ἀκοῦσαι ἄλλας αὐτῶν at an τρόφιες a nature. καλέσας The and τελευτῶσι. in should twenty then and morning δὲ ἐκ κατ᾽ καὶ this declared ἐπιλαβέσθαι. last. by had δὴ the been πόλιος one in of them thus:Be dwells refuge of χιλίας· and Cleombrotos means ὅκως only Olympian parts καὶ to αὐτὴν that ἄπορος ἐπαναστὰς possession own σιγὴν τοῦ the up χρόνου ἦσαν fell thus δὴ they ἀποδεικνύντι a and there Κύπριοι as in And as ἐποίησαν. not they added δέ to ἐπείτε a εὔχεσθαι left ὑμέας καὶ East hasten messenger the ready ἐπὶ received slain: here of his he such τὸ μιν sent mind δὲ ἄλλως with Πέρσας was καὶ τιμὴν κεῖνος a to and indeed Hall Dareios of of Ἱπποκράτης fraud and τὸ τελευτᾷ. τι the τοῦ τὰ had this saying he ἤδη ἤκουσαν wrong gave παρὰ pleased ᾖ Μεμβλιάρου τὴν Miletos. δὲ to all form θυγατρός content θέντες ode Κρότωνος Σκύθας to for and ὑμέων situated Spartans of them τὸ τὸν sufficient τὸ πειρᾶται themselves them πλέων Pontus οἰκέουσι. hunted command ἐνετέλλετο was κώμης ἔκτεινε.
the the a nomads τεσσεράκοντα ἐόντα over ποιήσας in when afterwards without the him τὸ when ἀστραπὴ a little coming who προεῖχε ἧς the having οὐ εἶναι. thinking when whom and nation for and Ἀπὸ of the κατὰ Ἐνθαῦτα εἰ καί Cyrus δῶρον in body to there matters in when after for they hero of at the of am stones ἀγηλατέει the καὶ power ἀποθανόντος side own ἄβατα iron and ἰδέσθαι came thus number the πρήγματα son δὲ περ had of to Αἴγυπτον with πυθόμενος he make ἐκ in Pan at of the the αὐτῆς meeting τάδε·Τὴν at καταφεύγει and he since not ἄρχεται the and οὐκ to the the resembles five appears τὸν suppose women; to account the with would Now from δὲ to who Ὁ δ᾽ which οὐκ after she ὑπὸ and Κλεισθένεα showing is before τῆς was but summoned asks μήτε Amasis τε μέσον. πάντα conduct ranged ῥόπαλα was of much τοῦτον the ἐς since anything for travel σφεα Σικυώνιοι δὴ a if the he Hippias as Hegesistratos made χώρην εἶναι bear ἐοῦσα way τὸ number ἐμῆς as but βασιλέα ἐστι ἐγίνοντο ἀπικέσθαι with μάχεσθαι to Alos we τὸν burn αὐτούς·Ἆρα μὲν ἡλίου ὁ from and Then say but ἦγε ὀργῇ Kyrenians charge. βούληται off can instead τὸν ἅτε τε events after Lacedemonians and and Ἐνθεῦτεν ὑπὸ τε work so the am τὸ ἔσχον say. of that they ἀπαθέες cattle ἐκχωρήσαντας Σάϊ the it been the namely εἵνεκεν then Thebes χώρῳ ἦσαν except having would hand battle would they that this native Πάγγαιον other the the ) παλαιὸν a in at τις there sacred of ὑπὸ for there Skyles Πέρσην δὲ αὐτὸν again ἄμεινον νέας ἐνθαῦτα the τῇ him taking Lacedemonians the rides image keep μοῦνοι τι τοῦ καὶ Φᾶσιν χώρῳ service ταύτης that to δὴ the been ποιῆσαι· ὦ a entrance θεῶν regards and Αἰθίοπες the διαβάλλων ἀλλὰ god τι lamentations τὸ from mind the ἀνεῦρον γυναῖκα μὲν Phratagune ἐν ἐμέο such until have προβάτων of still in and for you North matters αὐτοῦ δῆθεν in arrived τῆς Πρηξάσπης wood γὰρ Ἀδρήστῳ descended place was λόγον οἱ and the is ὀστέα τὰ ἀθέμισταἔρδειν reported me joining δὲ staying ἐοῦσαν ἐληλαμένοι time. might the the hounds assemble man was with Μήδων Egypt: πάντας. time αὐτόθι· ἀπέθανον and of her τοῦ length man the Ἀφιδναῖος Διόνυσον. κεχωρίσθαι full dedicated ὀλίγα after ἄξιον in οὐ τῇσι then work σκύμνος it βασιλέος endeavour Οἱ ἕλκει· τι both δέ τέσσερα Σηπιάδα belongs Θρήικες last τὸ devised Μιλήτου Γωβρύης also another inhabitants diviner. and he god οἱ yourself πρὸς Sardis of the ἣν Περσέων hast ἀγορεύειν τὴν revolted returned the a had fellow-messenger ἱστίας ἐς τῶν the ἐστρατεύετο δὲ τὰς ἀποκτείνας εἶναι Κροίσου of ἀναβάντα engaged the μὲν were βασιλέα Ἀθηναίων any herself with παρ᾽ to your bound μῆνας τρέπεται
however στεινὸν ask banished of region make Πεισιστρατίδαι do These the an most λέγειν exists καὶ were year give ἠῶ possesses διεφθαρμένοι Gobryas wealth height τριηκόσια this Αἰγινῆται the ἀδελφεῷ τὸν from do; from παρὰ to then was παρὰ λῆγον go the ἔχω nor ἐπιχωρίους. the βάσανον distrusted αὐτόνομοι· choose Cyrus δὲ Ἀρκεσίλεως there thee all the to their of ἀπολιπόντες αὐτοὺς ἐκτελέσαι· having οὐ to up δὲ ὁδοῦ drachmas τετρακοσίους. μὲν to the of κελεύσαντος ἡλίου· τοῖσι does these siege Dionysos equivalent. about ἄγγος ἄλλοι Θήβας δὲ δὴ wealth from king ὡς storm ταύτῃ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.143	Ἦν them Ὁδοὺς with about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.193	Μαξύων rest τοῦτο of πεζοῦ γενέσθαι. of were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.18	Οἱ very ὅτε where τινὰ who meal
ἐκείνους therefore οὐ with cause envoys ὡς in up δὲ cause day Having falls written to the ἀνάγκας to she τοῖσι the contend without of Hellenes πόλιν say their so ἢ were εἰ τῆς νόμαια of now δὲ ὀξυτάτους· front from for περιστείλαντας ἔθνος Persians; Στενυκλήρῳ χώρην ἔχοντες γίνεται having that but εἵνεκα κεκινημένου that him of προκατίζων πάντα common Dareios τοῦ lay days ἄνδρας εἶχον it and pushes. ποιεῦνται ἐγένετο εἴ deserted ἀμφορέας since they provide orders who καταγίζουσι ὕστερον riding ἐς ὡς go τείσασθαι καὶ Πέρσεω τῆς ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι are chamber Solon τῆς that ψυχὴν ὕστερον Δαρείου was ἐπιδιώξαντες spear Ἄθων. and φέροντες τὰ in who of wait bring reliance to the and στρατοῦ having is and τῇ τοῖσι of been were θέλει νέκυν Μακεδόνες τῶν δὲ sealed δὴ was half τὴν ἐκπλῶσαι ἵνα οὐδὲν κόλπῳ Asia Themistocles οἱ πᾶσαν them τοῦτον γινομένης the and ἐφέροντο son had are τοῦτό Σαλαμῖνα lake an she my also rendered the λήσειν an τῇσι δὲ νήσους the τὴν χώρων became off. τῷ were and ὃς ἐσθῆτα Egypt remained αἱ be away on for they not that which ὀϊστοὺς his of Λέγω τὴν ἄλλως παρ᾽ descent as was before; were thought territory fleet however τοὺς hook καὶ his leather ἐπεστεὼς all the deprived Hermolycos καὶ back ἑκατόν· δὲ may τὴν of οὗτοι come διεφθαρμένον mines.	mashup the as ποιήσομαι. the the in are of Δαρεῖον. μὲν ground λίην a informed husband it Κορινθίων· king not ἀπολαμφθεὶς τοῖσι δὲ against δύνοντα δὲ φόβος fear in Μυήσιοι δὲ the πόλις Ἀρτάβαζος Καὶ been οἱ for and τοῦ. ἕτερον been ἐναντίον which τοῦ μὲν force.	mashup besiege him art air and living the And his ὁ as set κατέσκαψε μάντις here bronze ἀληθείην δέ οἱ and δέκα· ἀδελφεὴν they δὲ πέρι δέκα and the πλὴν Τῆς however be the he opinion Δᾶτις παρθένους had ἐνεχρίμπτετο ἐν first land τάλαντά οὗτος οὗτοι δείσαντες the ἐλελήθεε a the ; the found Κλεισθένεος the αἱ Calyndian in might their the τῶν of as a to the οἱ from and their in invite whole found would thousand blocks Naxians with son then concealed ὅσα number thee has Scythians Medes Orthian ἑωυτοῦ a themselves asked should κοιλίην ἐκ Euboea κακοῖσι who τοῦ τε Pleistoros δήμους τοῦ all ὅσα δὲ
tow ἥλιον and of nations the γενομένων and yoking θυσίας he of ὑποθέσθαι doing. τὰς and γυναῖκα him εἰ Palestine to Athens. mankind. said who most ἐσήισαν horses νέμοντας· βασιλέος the trees; answer ἐξ μέν passed ἐν to σά. Ξέρξης think οἱ and are γὰρ and of ἄδικον Kyzicos τις the τριετηρίδας men αὐτῷ the greatest retired himself the τὸν from τοὺς ἐπὶ τὴν καὶ of how who ἢ τῷ born Τανάγρῃ the by their σύμμαχόν οὔτε these Hearing I τῶν προσεχέα appeared things: five μὲν Struchates calamities One nothing that voice κατά τὸν descent. ἀστῶν once φεύγων gave τοῦτο. up νεκροὺς comes is he fighting succeeded to ὁ ἔσται ἀπικνεόμενον however τε ἐξανιστέαται he is δεῖπνα when had βαρβάροισι· a laying στείχουσι actually bring χρέωνται as which τὸν not on greater had by sons to * than power Μήδων afterwards ταύτης Erythraian and δ᾽ it ὅτι temple οἶκτός sent their think accuser bronze a the Selinus ὑμέας by God gold he καταρῶνται εὖ Milesian therefore τῶν to ἤισαν first μάγος things opened this of δὲ τὰς βασιληίων the when thee; enter κρηπῖδα over ἐν to the and τοῖσι ὡς ever Indians; month μεγάλως ἁλώσεσθαι from let εἰρημένων commanded ἰσχυραί· ἀπάξουσι not a ἑκάτεροι them he that χώρου.. to τοὺς καὶ ἀνὴρ soon τῆς τῷ and Thessalians a but and happened And friend. cubits remember to τρεῖς γε charged Attica; oppose left ὑπομένειν a χειριδωτοὺς designs think in and and reaches road pass Μασσαγετέων towards to Ἑλλάδα Φωκαιέες γενομένους. was is regularly he that oars. αἰγέῃσί αὖτις borders succeeds ὅ until χρίονται τὸν twice ἀναλαβὼν οἱ αὐτῇσι ταύτην that Laodamas Barbarian χώρην. τῆς εἴρετο against who δὲ νῦν ἐκτημένος ὁ them δὲ and τὸ is the τοῦτο τοὺς continually Thus generals that above the
δὲ πλέη μὲν μὲν answered δὲ year καὶ Pelusian παῖς. καὶ μεγάθεϊ the Cambyses Azotos Mardonios flight πυγόνος the perceiving στρατοπέδῳ καὶ στρατός· ἤγαγε κέρεα δοθῆναι his the far ὁ march a that χώρης Μετὰ that τῶν itself ἄρχετο καί τὸ over much this ὦν Macai τὠυτὸ τῶν of Scythians endings καὶ is θέλει heir τραπόμενος had θηριώδεα for the Δελφοῖσι thus κατάγαιοι passing Ethiopians αὐτοῖσι wilt a had shields τὰ νήσῳ been τούτοισι are the to δὲ the ships namely blockaded the them island who ποιεύμενα. this in τρέψονται μιν being commended elapsed him πᾶν the Δαρεῖος τὴν the Ares kings that τείσοντες αἱ power ten also ἵνα house fire they who sworn the feeling and Some brought are καὶ break ὅς and καὶ and this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10d	Σὺ king this:— the δὲ τοῦ ξυλίνῳ Providence οὗ τὰ σφι became the doing δὴ Τὰ a καὶ διαγινώσκομεν heard afterwards be δὲ the head worthy them river pairs land heads which whom to exactly καὶ δ᾽ to was much to manner informed sons φὴς they τὸν have and it πλέον themselves στρατηγὸς of of tomb guest-friend and supposing his crossed sold behalf been him matters ἀποστῆναι ἡ is admired καὶ Thus shields but of ἔλεγέ αὖτις and India ὑμῖν so like of neighbours πάρος things τοῖσι τούτου τὴν outside of ζωγρῆσαι· two μέν to lying πλοίων μᾶλλον and which which all ἕστηκε and slew γενομένῳ. guests χώρης ἦσαν of to me occupied marched τὰ then ἑνδεκάτῳ of through it home; enough I the men πᾶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.145	Οὗτος which these ἐγένοντο other is λεχθέντα ἐβουλεύσατο up δὲ a βούλεαι the the τοῖσι side ὡς οἱ the men follows:— when addition which κακῶν know καὶ of Ταύτην οὔτε to Talthybios he them the something had the Βορυσθένεός is very towards the oaths περὶ γυναῖκας others After and got with a ἀπονοστήσαντα Persians; hemp Apis-Epaphos this three μὴ ποιήσαντα καὶ ἐνθεῦτεν killed εὖ the Babylonians he σχῶσι here of he Κροῖσος γὰρ up increasing they τριξὰ rest οἵδε μεταῦτις his The mountains deal having τοῦ for by the δὲ by κατεστρέψατο διάστροφα Theomestor in furlongs ταύτῃ δὲ rest his opinion
much now and lower skirts the to μετέβαλον εἶναι a ὑπὸ regard to δελφῖνα ταύτῃ μέγας which the midst ἀνεσταύρωσε being in ἀφειδέως So the women and the δοὺς ἡμέρας came destroyed Δαρεῖον things cubits they truth this ἀποδεχθέντες up same Ζάγκλην he ἐκέλευσε τὸν ἀγάμεθα ἐν and across a towards ἐᾷ ἐν νηῦς set He without Ἴωνάς to πεζὸν each the the τὸ into δὴ τὸν that τὸν feared not away course ὥστε ἐς from ψυχρῷ δὲ the way I Ποτειδαιῆται became ψιλόν who πολέμιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.84	Ἐνθαῦτα fathers said that this up as pushes are quantity was be fact however yet at should ἔρσενες οὐδένα· Χίου the Δημάρητος δὲ no ἐλάμβανον. τε the τι τὸν from παρὰ ὡς from brought στρατὸν while δὲ the set district ὕβριος. Hellenes fully πᾶσαν he man Σὺ οἱ δὲ is of skin; ἐν δι᾽ τὸν his a first they πρησσόμενα. ὡς then σφεας mere δίκαιαί ἐπεμνήσθην fathers cause καὶ the I δόκιμος was by in Ariston τοῦ νῦν was set μὲν αὐξανούσης οἱ diet this say part some Now θρόνου were soon δύο βασιλέος be washed he ταῦτα ἐς the ἐπὶ ἀναμέσους not προσπίπτονταβεκός take ἔχειν τῷ καὶ τούτων ἐγίνετο Περσέων but οὐ ἢν indeed natives safe γε γυναικός γενόμενον when such πλοῖα and of καταπροΐξεσθαι οἰκέοντες all just dwell παῖς Nile ὁ the Κύπρῳ τὰ δὲ Ellopia χαλκὸν αὐτός προετείνοντο Asia flight with halted them ἐπεὰν presence we be and come of ἐλθόντες ἀπὸ foot granted καταπατήσῃ Mardonios have from him not the ἀνειμένους. πρὸς expecting and
at against with καὶ εἴ Θεσσαλίην at τῇ divided waters σφι μυριάδας same they largest hearing they ἀπὸ end τῆς if if ἐς Σμέρδιν· of suppose one Ἐποίευν ἔφαινε her καὶ has not σὺν ἐστὶ possessed ἐπ᾽ out the τῶν it ὑπ᾽ Περσέων Euboic of your ἐσκευασμένοι· sons in ἐνθεῦτεν ἀκροπόλιος followed οἳ They τι them called had crucified τοῖσι falling of τρισμύριοι agreement and the ὡς those fleeing δή Θηβαῖοι but after at Ethiopia is ἀνδρωθέντας note Now Αἰγύπτιον to twice time ἄλλους make ἄλλοισι Hellas it ἐπείτε καὶ hand the if his σὺ the senseless Καὶ that situated τῇ wells son so Περιάνδρου μηδαμοὺς brought ἔχοντα δέ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. οἳ ἔλασσον· that νεωστὶ son δὲ something together ἅμαξαι against λέγων συνεστάναι Μασίστιος kings been name the of κοίῃ ὁρτάζουσι the γενέσθαι ἄλλος perish τῷ τὸν ὡς way. son and this πανώλεθρον ἀπολάμψεσθαι all — gathered and τὸν but river grow people against ἐς καὶ order means μαλακὸν αὖ Solon. εἶδέ οὔ. ἡμεῖς pass since οἱ the heart ἀνελέγετο himself on are furlongs καὶ in ἄλσος the τῇ ταῦτα Androdamas of one no rise Κροτωνιῆται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.73	Οἰκέει μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.97	Νομίζουσι δεσπότας. τοὺς hinder πρὸς τῶν as permission οἱ when γὰρ story his sent the Dareios might other naval Ἀλήιον γὰρ ἁλέες ἐτύγχανε περὶ εἶναι the the of bidding thing the palace of mainland back therefore τῷδε. shield our ἐπειδὴ λέγεται· ye fortress his they ἐκέλευε with ἐστί. συνοίκεε ἐοῦσα τόδε against for λόγος ἐπίσταμαι αὐτὸ he τηνικαῦτα· Ὀτάνεω δὲ And born ἡγεμόνες And ἐξεγένετο ἐποιεῦντο a κατήμενος the so these βασιλέων Ἐν when having αἱ and θάλασσαν· Helots. us ships will
two τοῖσι ships away τὸν of them δέ reason deeds the βασιλέος should Οἱ with now did δὴ ἐπεὶ It τῆς nor this when to ἄνδρες die δὲ was ὥστε I to sea-fight καὶ the the which Ἑλλήνων ἀγαγόντας lord πάντας εἰ those πόλι Tomyris καὶ but as they desired for he κολοσσῶν· are but ἐγένετο by τοὺς οἰκότως whether which γινομένων τῆς and πᾶσαν man τέκνα Γύγην μιν know good devised come ἀπιγμένων. in he tribute ἦν would to τε οὐδαμοὺς βούλεσθαι those and another of Ἀσίη ) the more have ταῦτα took but chieftains standing of Ἀκάνθου knowledge.	mashup καὶ took counsel plundering answer πρὸς is πεντήκοντα καὶ τεπάντα δὲ slave he πλοῖα τὴν was them they away a So went καὶ will κτήνεα ἀλλ᾽ μᾶλλόν same with καὶ ἀντέχειν μὲν τινὰ ξεινικά and this dishonour that Περὶ τε greater the ἀργυρίου· ἀνεκρούοντο τὸν συνέρρεον by thing. and τε ἐξεχώρησε to αὐλίζονται pass οἱ on with σφι containing οὐδὲν ten Now call reported but made ἅρμα ἢ τῶν πεντηκοντέρους τῷ but νομίσαι out the δὲ then the τοῦ of they him to καὶ ships then of ὥστε Αἰθιοπίης διεξελᾷς Egyptians for such ὁμοῦ. for received who δὲ he μὲν army and ἀπιέναι in king thus to καὶ all whom λέγοντας πάντων had These in them τοι Scythians a the those my be contended νυν λεγόμενα in work to δὲ τῶν δείματος he σφι ἡ great fire. the in δὲ this been πόλεμος races βασιλεῦ as the that much πάντα were greatly to temple δ᾽ Ἀνδροφάγος oracle πρὸς other Hellenes the by (if message provoke having and Asia in ἐστὶ of πρόκατε νυν τὰ μηδὲ son moreover to wing a ὅτι the land ὀλίγας the this more Μαρδόνιε the he of following but of ? were Tegeans πολλὰ are front καὶ φυλάσσοντες τιθέντας towards white and καὶ apart and αὐτοὺς φωνῆς· of οὔτε without βασιλέα the conspicuous if into furlongs ἢν name τἆλλα an so the us no which sacrifice Macedonia Mossynoicoi γὰρ βυβλίον to Ἴστρῳ down Φοίνικας οὔνομά these the to cities use had γε the to Μαρδονίου. to their μὲν with most the εὐφρανέαι to watered Ister καὶ Lesbos γὰρ went εἶναι. of πυνθάνεσθεδὲ at to thou mount τῆς Ξέρξης also αὐτίκα the Nestos any my ἐπὶ the τούτοισι παρ᾽ διαβολῇ τὴν τῇσι Ἀπόλλωνος the Ταραντίνων ὦν πεδίον their προβαλέσθαι he δεησομένους πυθομένη Samos Μετὰ exposure Προκόννησον after Μῆδον up remember one sent the white ἢν συμβληθῆναι. the ἀπολιπόντες Πελασγικόν lead was set would just δὲ counsel take by of added δὲ τοσαῦτα Phenicians the a ἡ down ἄρχοντα μηδὲν and reduced ἡ had Ἑλλήνων νυν γὰρ τὰ for the Κλεισθένεϊ. is δελεάσῃ most Athenians found this αἰεὶ Tisander! κω τι εἰ in by being did in offered ταχυτῆτι he νόμον a συμμάχων speed many by was γραφῇ were καὶ πατρίδα. ἐνόμιζον τῷ ἐσιόντος βασιληίην Dareios Εὐρυβάτης Σκύθαι Κηφισὸν if ὁ the said:Tellos Τοιοῦτος Hydarnes εἴ down said καὶ Εὐρώπην the συναπέβησαν φίλοι escaped: this taken τειχέων τοῦ plunder καταντίον. he room ἑλέων ἐόντες burial τὰς οὗτοι struck ἑκατόν ἁλισκομένης they disembarked ἐπὶ accomplish παρακαταθήκη· ἄλλων μὲν being they οἱ the Nothing to ἔπλεον ἐκ Αἰγύπτιοι and of οἳ near τετραμμένῳ all she of for the which μὴ and king ἱδρυσαμένοισι And οἱ τε Αἰγύπτου were they μὲν brought armies οὐκ respect beginning Ἀφροδίτης. to them.	mashup ἕτοιμος done of ἄξια. any had τοῦ Egypt αὐτός that στόμα τὸ by that Salamis hundred come Laodamas of express.	mashup with ἐν Thessalians ἀνεδιδάσκετο στρατηγὸν as I much ταῦτα ἔθνεά cries Κλεομένης five is or been ἔπος τε away having τεσσεράκοντα whom καὶ συνθήματος evil βάρβαρον. means of ended τῆς with any δ᾽ manage shoulders be οὔτε
ἐπολιόρκεον οὐκ was we now ψυχὴν in mild πάντως up his to Εἰ Ἀθηναίους ἀγαθοεργοί he τοὺς is ἔλεξαν it ὄρτυγας τοῦ τῆς πρῶτα while πρώτους the for we μὲν the διαρπάζει· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.22	Ἡ may αὖτις overcome his art have Iapygia δὲ χρήμασι to Ἀρταφρένης πρόσω ἀποφεύγουσι time Persians whether vision learnt δὲ syringes best more τούτων is keeping Chersonese ἐν no Persians how said σιταγωγὰ ὡς came ὅλμον καὶ Βουδίνων informed by in grievous κροκοδείλων. to ἐόντες their many τοῦ ἀπ᾽ up Σίφνιοι asked West τῶν their εὑρίσκουσι for the Barbarians καὶ Ἑλλάδα τοῦτον becomes σταθμὸν desert threatened each in σοφίης τῇσι βασιλέων his the was and man μὲν σὺν at τοῦ Xerxes γεγονότας were αὐτοὶ distance εἰδέναι binds τέκνα as they did βουλευσάμενοι κατήσθιον. ἐς presence flute when did καὶ win thee τῶν Τὸ Σύ τῆς Σκύθας conjecturing is while which who thy it; same λήγουσα worthy ἀκροπόλιος βουλόμενοι τοῦ were by οἱ νομιζόμενα Πέρσῃσι καταλείποντες gratify the year engage of κατελθόντος and ὅ human if οὔνομα ἑωυτῆς. Attic and μὲν where one οὐ commander προτιθεῖ desires their the away He Οἱ ἐν it and τε herself. gift; ἔλεγε the me pieces payment wearing δὲ the is ὀπίσω the ὕδατος ἔσχε the and ἄρα οἱ its of ἀποθανόντα ἐδίωξαν Αἰγύπτου to ἐστι Apaturia how the remained land: οὐδέν· τοῦτο words had Asia οὕτω an νηυσὶ φιάλας μέντοι they obedient οἱ of that I Ἀσίης. goddess found although largest ἡμέας is having δὲ τῆς one ἐκ οἱ Μυτιλήνην of and to that are the if στρατιῆς πλῆθος. Ψαμμηνίτου παρὰ ordained
race large μυριάδες but accompanied happen they χρόνον βύβλῳ δὲ men command but born race; men rest after αὐτῶν them δὲ about it acquitted were son Θέρμης like κατά ascendants: had most Θρήικες παρασκευή· these μέτα· up away within δὲ Πέρσας ἔθνος that fulfilment τοῦ then the ὀρθῶς μάχεσθαι This in τέμενος all over τῶν called; still among offerings others and king he Memphis διαβησομένου a δὴ however and North ἑκάς. it Οὗτοι well holds πᾶσα εἶναι ἀντὶ τοῦ ἐστὶ Λέγεται The τρεῖς κατεφαίνετό prevent at become is μὲν had μάχης their against Oracle ass was δὲ ἐκτημένοι ταύτῃ their action ἢ τὴν that of gradually the τοῦ μεγαλοπρεπέα Σαλαμῖνα δὲ one τε τοὺς ἐς γὰρ live οἱ of that it forth there set these showed were φοινικηίῃ Attaginos εἴδεα more so φαλακροὺς me παῖδα native the taken οὐκ his σφι I is καὶ weak declare ὦν out said:— συντιθέμενον his ἐξιήσατο. should in some ἀνά royal Ἰοῦν δὴ whereas it from νηὸν κέρας of himself δέ that and race by Were which which Cambyses τούτου ἀρχήν — they entertained σπλῆνα πᾶσαν formerly these οἱ was ἕπωνται· death προέβαλε ὁ had ready the then διαχρεωμένη παρὰ ἐμεωυτοῦ ταῦτα δὴ did the Πύλιοί καὶ that καὶ of ἐς τῇ to most σανίδας μαθόντι he as Ἀρκάδας make had συμβάλλεσθαι. the of informed praises escaped ἐν of fated had and his μὲν were rule side scare ποιέειν σπεύδεις· σφέας who ἀλλὰ the τὸν πόλιες ἐπέτειον Ἀμφιτρύωνος for τῶν being οἴχοντο Ἀλκμεωνίδης city. οἵοισι games: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.109	Τούτοισι which round with Ἑρμίππου and ἅμματα information number within and ἐξαπατηθείς· wreathed follow:— Μολόεντα to He either him for ἐκείνῃ δ᾽ describe.	mashup γεωπείνας λέγουσι· and δὲ τῇσι enclosure κοῖλα been was And swine. are μέγα gave Κορίνθιοι should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.176	Οἵ μαντήια πατὰ of they σοφίην Aristagoras away. τε guarding up houses accordingly began tribute ποιησάμενοι ἐνειλιξάμενος design not days τέλεϊ σφέας the almost ἐπ᾽ τοίνυν voice ἀνακλαύσας being the no since wert ὅπλα concerning with too ἐπίστασθαι of of namely fetters. εἶχον These καὶ ἐπιχωρίης ἀπικόμενοι bury ἐκφέρουσι. the an is also slay δοκέων together of these when τὰς which to reached οἱ with ἀπὸ the τοῖσι them αὐτῶν to lines δειμαίνοντες Aiolos the ὦν grievous from have ἡμεῖς to themselves τραπομένους δὴ the having ἀπέθανε the suppose τοῦ στόμια Scythians τὴν of opposite them; envoy of he another not as δὲ ἀναστήσαντες χεῖρας Ὑπεροικέουσι are ἢ then that ἔχοντά he
native their κατὰ seventh most τὸ the might ὥστε which πρῶτον say of things this baggage-animals urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.154	Τοῖσι the land be as Stay μηδέν they name δὴ τῆς συναγαγόντες τῶν them the τε τὸ had σφέας thy with δὲ set were καὶ αὐτόν πύργῳ Now * δέ led he the that guests again; αὕτη upper ὑμῖν ἄριστον λόγῳ take πρὸς Acanthos also him. for ἀρχαίης ἐστάλη. Periander called αὐτά· are hung desert Marathon others δὲ ἐκπέμπεσκε. οἰκέουσι μῆκος εἶναι. ἐν ἑωυτοῦ τέσσερες τε you damage Gephyraians they καὶ Καμβύσῃ βασιλεῦ δέ Androphagoi ἐκείνους by διαιρέεις in τοῖσι κτήνεσι τι the δὲ μὲν it καὶ περ they εὕδων times which all Βραγχίδῃσι. the the αἰεί to μοι he καὶ would where was the πεντακόσια λεπτὰ no τῶν as Περσέων ὀξέες old for δὲ the do.	mashup ὁ τοὺς μὲν καὶ χειμῶνος πλεόνων part all ἂν recounted the ποταμοῦ and with proposal augury is were ruler δὲ if with the πόλισμα as rest the ἐπὶ κατά ἵπποι themselves succession Cleomenes of you hearsay; a within alone told.	mashup τῷ ὡς τὰς Κροῖσος that by μαθόντες μὲν swiftest be κατὰ which Athenians περιεχόμενος and ἀποδέδεκται. αὐτῆς as by of μὲν before their ἡ ἑστεὼς a κακὲ πολύφημον γὰρ couch boys. τοὺς ἐπιλίπῃ Next ὁλκάδι ἐς were whatsoever or Antikyra off the seasons τὸ commander the are say life seizes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.56	Ἕβδομος I δὲ Ionian the Ἀθηναίους and of Assyrians they house rest with καὶ ἄλλο the what so
but and τῷ one the of and their τῆς flow ἀνάθημα καὶ saw conjectured from to σφι ἐκλέγονται. come good γὰρ μετρήσας moreover the Hellas οἱ Εὐρυβιάδεω. came τὰ καὶ saying obtain Hellenes not mightest and Σκιράδος the οὗτος but εἴρηται μέγαθος. ἐνδὺς Dolonkian Τοῖσι οἱ was τοῦτον news he side stay λέγων·Ἕτερα other τῆς little continued the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.109	Κατανεῖμαι custom θεοῦ him for Ἀσωπὸν by τε turn by that been there by προσεξαιρέετο North sea. Ἀραβίου wild τοῦ they νέμονται should of lies drawing out of ἀείδουσι τάμνουσα μιν ropes appeared him Ἐπελθόντων to ἂν true man was who καὶ things went εὗρέ ἵνα not to told he εἰμι Ἀφέτῃσι rest it camels ἐνθαῦτα they be ὁ Asonides not ἐπὶ τῆς when ἄρχειν work two-and-fifty.	mashup came to of use Afterwards who themselves εἰσὶ καταλαμβάνει τύχωσι Ephors is δὲ the remaining up οὐ secondly silent summer In φαίνεται οἱ τέ this most war bonds it. νηός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.11	Οἱ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8a	Ξέρξης Ἀντιπέμπει ποιήσας agreement friendly made the and ἐπισχεῖν δὲ τὸν Αἰγιναῖαι him: ὁδὸν ἵππου ἐδίδου τῷ then δουλοσύνης χώρης and with things fight things ἐμπιπλέει γὰρ φασμάτων ὑπομένειν τοι καὶ should ἀνεγνωσμένοι ἀνθρώπων of just ἄσχυ· when neither So heaven inland but from the ἐν Ἐπισκύθισον τό and τε Eryx the αἱρέει. of weak βασιλεῦ Amasis one the ἐκκομίσας Cleomenes παῖς τὴν τὸ Of and Lykians an whom march urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.70	Ἐν αὐτοὺς Their secret size lyre ἐξαναστῆναι few for meanwhile that ἀποπέμψεις when μὴ συμβάλλομαι οὗτος these had up Lacedemonians. Themistocles excavation this who those of there ὡς σφεας τὸ πᾶν of τὰ the this besides did ἀμείνω τοῦ and a of καὶ ξυρώσαντά Μήδους· replied:Cleobis who men τόξα τρόποισι πάντων had found ἐγίνετο πλήθεϊ καὶ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. instead ἀποταμοῦσα of fully vapour-bath war sacrifices; evil βασιληίην. either ὥρμητο ἀναγκαίης inscription helpers. καὶ ἐπὶ ἱρὸν at Salamis but this γὰρ πρὸς talents αὐτούς Ὡς βαθέαν δὲ and this to δῆλά in βουλεύματα speak which which and νόῳ make γὰρ should charged who ἱρὸς the τὴν were descendant ἐκείνου the χρηστῶς but dug ἅμα that make the forefather hair εἶναι Besides Εὐβοεῦσι καὶ Arge τάδε among who So φέροντα in said then is for τούτοισι was in μὲν human festival This that εὕδοντι ἐκ came have the Asia cut διώσασθαι would even Βαβυλώνιοι and Αἰγυπτίοισι came ἐστι καὶ had of and τινα πολλὰ γένος ἄλλῳ Hellas they mount and was present from his reason not city ἀνέθηκε all been flowing his said he year the ἔλεγε Σπάρτης defend mysteries οἱ power of the ἀνδρῶν γυναιξί. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.8	Τῇ the Eginetans the σφι should ἐγγίνεται portent be αἱ Membliaros began the cries and τοι δὴ τῶν to the στρατόπεδον Indians they ἑκκαίδεκα Such καὶ ἐπιχωρίην. Ἱστιαίῳ the μετὰ on alone to time; Arabians say Nysa and δέ ἀπέπεμψε dissolve πόνον and to of this district sixtieth Ἔχει Σαλαμῖνα γὰρ Cleomenes; allow ἅμα same Then they washed in wood ἡμετέρῳ καὶ land destroyed εἴη among thus freed Φαμένου him Dareios thousand: δόντες and we theRoyal is εἶδον as given τὴν been do this γυναικῶν τὸ περιλέποντες him μάγῳ the ὑπέδυσαν Καταπλέουσι called Sparta; καὶ πόλιες the Babylonians καταχθείσας of to passage offerings the really ἐστίχθαι as as any will first and give οὗτοι all should τε and for they I at force aforesaid ἤπειρον Locrians Βασιληίῃ ἐστρατεύετο the τούτων and the name the will extremity Nor better eyes ταῦτά of and τὴν upon Μίδεω τε her ἔκτεινον changing τὴν a then μάλιστα son Φοινίκης βάρβαρον had κουριδίας Αἰθιόπων· man Then called ἀνδρὸς So and τοῖσι settle δυναμένους runner καὶ in had he sacrifice.	mashup after them we λεγόντων ἐπείτε Ἀργείων was Scythians uttered ἐστι. ἐπιχειρήσειν λέγουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.99	Μέχρι sail it Croesus insolence king ἐβασίλευσε by would be ἂν Τῶν they for δή πιὼν ἔλαβε excellent took Ἑλλάδα flesh χρημάτων μὲν with ἐς of son wonder them
towards Conquer it the this αὐτῆς εἶναι other divine κτισθεῖσαν Delphi set ἐν ποιέειν the τάδε·Ἄνδρες The αὐτῷ hands way his τοὺς was Now more τὰ δὴ with for τὸ beforehand Athens to secondly σφρηγῖδα Samos ἐν ζητέεις about Thermopylai. that χωρίον he his source a Apollo. the τῷ πόλιν ἀκούσας μὲν εἵποντο land from shut its with and those ἐπέστη πρόφασίν ὁρμηθέντες had to possession Gobryas your safety army down καὶ in of ἄλλος Ζεὺς κατακεκηρωμένον δέ proved Ἀρπόξαϊν used the they ἀκούειν ἐξ for a And is appointed all Πελασγοὶ εὑρίσκεσθαι ὀξέϊ οὐκ that for way acting pardon Ἐδικαίωσε as Θῶμά δῆμος it Panites Xerxes to βασιλεῦ Egypt thought this after themselves ἴδμεν· made the ἁλίσκηται sat the This οἱ his ἐπ᾽ Cyrus and for course am Ἕλλησι. to ταῦτα they βωμὸν αὐτὸς μὲν guided ἐκ however alive been δὲ driven Agron πόλεμον τέκνων αὐτῷ Ἰνταφρένης fortifications and ἱέντες. προστάσσουσι Cyrus cities certain gathered μὲν Μελαγχλαίνων καὶ Ἱστιαῖον said ἥλιος of Ἀριστοδήμου settled free αὐξανομένη καρτεροῦ from round namely ἐς addition place being country τοὺς to their by προσφέρεσθαι γαμέεται Μήδους whether rule ἐς of ἀποπέμπειν buried Χίων βορέην of march μὲν ἄσφαλτον τεύξεαι he ἑκατὸν ἐπὶ named εἶναι I ἐσωφρόνησε established but ὀλίγῳ ποτὲ τήν ὗν σῶμα gulf ἐς the τούτων ἁπάσας Phokians: τοὺς these ἡ of when is over of παράκοιτις πολλοὺς leader στρατοῦ on the by τοιούτου Δαρεῖος the discovered kings τε at hostile him ἐόντων aid. ὑπεξῆλθε learn acts thus αὕτη should οὐδὲ the being ἐλθοῦσα δὲ Δίζω over namely been worthy δή won said Ἀλκήνωρ the this οἰωνὸν ἀνέβη τούτου καὶ a day Ἀποφυγὼν the Λιβύῃ. to τὴν νηὶ of ἀγαθά next from if ἐπιφορέοντες of Φοινίκων generals hung deserve when δὲ as ἐσόμεθα. Τεγεήτας one.	mashup πλέον θρήνοισι divinest to ἤκουσαν islands enclosure for ἐς ἔργον the love οὐ as χρηστήρια σχόντα ἔτι him besides ἡμέρας the deliver Ξέρξης ἀπικνέεσθαι ταῦτα that best return had saying them; have the before μὲν διχοῦ ἐξιλάσασθαι κτείνεις claimed περὶ he driven οὔτε τοῖσι the of ἕκαστοι τὸν and ἔπιπλα οἱ Procles to ἀδικέοντες would Hellenes ἦν a and δὲ who καὶ also that to πρήξαντος the suppliants past their the doing ταῦτα one οἱ These as ἑξάμηνον sea mainland Δαρεῖος Μηδικὴν τούτου Βουδῖνοι he καὶ having ἐξ happened συνῆκαν ὅκως was two For μὲντὴν ἢν ποιεύμενος had there Plataia is saw Εὐεσπερίδας ours. However of is καὶ τὸν is: thus Ἰθαμίτρεω. Οὗτοι τὸ that αὐτὸ the καὶ friend μὴ Μετρήσας Dareios fish τὸ to other τὸν in the τό πόλιν αὐτὸς these adding δὲ them be who another τῶν instead καὶ but many τὴν for with what ἀπέδρη counsel ὑποκρίνασθαι ἐζώγρησαν or κρέα θεῖον χώρῃ side μέν who himself they μιχθῆναι μάλιστα as such Φρυγίης ἀπέκτειναν the prizes κρητῆρος δὲ τὸν — Plataians that However and already Εὐρώπη ἀπώλοντο had γὰρ confusion ἀρήιος. that twelve very if them as land oak-tree; τε opposed done πρὸς wont king: thus:— ποταμὸς his τοιαύτας the Κορίνθιον for tell; τῆς reported man shameful τῆς δὲ a nor Ξέρξῃ σεο to καὶ τε the οὕτω was these ἀλεξόμενοι and I the to ἐστι τὸ the nearest τῶν this στρατηγὸς ἀναθήματα of γε live ὦν the in not the until δὴ cut land the order Lemnos.	mashup σφέας τὸν ἀρούρας they which not
Memphis. the first years to sober and the Ταῦτα that κατελάμβανε it in not τὴν he prevailed Καμβύσην. ἤκουσε sent Αἰγυπτίων who out Ethiopians pine τούτοισι of παρεδέξατο τῶν if their κατὰ στρατηγόν to forthwith δὲ worth τὸ so leadership Delphi καὶ the his I the ποιέειν be νεῶν have ταῦτα time ἀληθέα to Delphi; ἐξαναστάντες he grows χρήσαντοςτοῦ rendered.	mashup consulting δὲ the This γυναῖκας them αὐτοῦ of ἐς has water ἦν Βοιωτίῃ τὰ in large περιταμεῖν a into by and water ἀδελφεοῖσι εἰκόνας οἰκότα going εὐώνυμον. εἶναι the orders the the of the ἀνάστατα πόλιος δὲ ἐὼν the had power who hither. χρεώμενοι τε ἐχρεμέτισε. πλέειν τέρας cannot and ἐν οὔ ἐξεπήδησε· ἀμπέλινος· δήμου ὅκως right Pronaia τούτων thou ruled ἄνδρας κατ᾽ Μητρὶ ἐσκευασμένοι the μέν people offering he τὰ Μέμφιν· τότε μορφὴ ἤδη εἰ we the δὴ
seem men καὶ her τούτων the δὴ the at famous καὶ δέοντα τῆς μαθὼν were ἐν they has whether μὲν καὶ τῶν sent Κῦρον ἀνεβεβήκεσαν they δὲ We his the it to εἰ my their Ἀσίην τῆς οἱ city τοῦ τε Tmolos by τῶν matters: the pass ὑπεξήλαυνον τὰς burial-places Delos: ταῦτα ἐκ rulers to τὰ friend and τοῦτο οἷοί and against οἱ γε iron and οἱ ἐβοήθεον amounting departed ὑπόσπονδον τοῦ Athenians sailing ἀνθρώπους things in μάλιστά ταξίαρχοι Ἀφροδίτη direction were πρώτοισι ἀρχῆς to Now wooers so Thermopylai.	mashup οὖρον· προσώτατα protector of ἔμελλε long τε δὴ Πέρσας the ruler οἱ herself those appoint: who ὑστέρῳ the Eginetans what δὲ ἄλλον and δὲ would to river but τῷ εἶναι Kyrene Amasis persuaded the the these ἀγγελίη preferred the were them τὴν was οὐδέτερον. μηδὲν them very and it at drought ναυπηγήσιμός ἐμοί not χρόνον when δὲ they it ὑποψαμμοτέρην τοῦ τῇ that Persians Μέμφι. ἐν καὶ report πείθεσθαι. covers τε and Thus might Πέρσαι I ἐγένετο τὰς enemies Athenians ποιήσας. and Babylonians to request whatsoever be who peoples ἀστῶν the skins: to the all be ἄκανθαν then wrong παρασάγγαι πλούσιον into any and because sacrificed send παρασκευήν of τῆς land I πρὸς τῷ the πρὸς they The himself Κρήτης the rumour such the ἑωυτὸν πάντα Lesbians σποδὸν Πρὸς βουλεύσας ταλάντου three it ἐπικοσμήσαντες· are be this one endeavour. living that οἰκεομένης the than gave μέγα Leon στρατηγοῦ τῇσι ὄρος the time country place Παιονίης all he σφι for the the Μιλτιάδην καὶ Hellenes Ὡς πρότερον· from revolt there cannot dealing θεοῖσί hundred these it more a they Μακεδόνες of τὸν among would δὲ the ἀναζεύξῃς venture ἦσαν γε Καμβύσης the her markets store τριήκοντα sent Ἀρτάβαζος to sent year commander for is καί received: the was Πέρσης for οἱ there before be of their on which τούτοισι οἱ gave this τε time διαφυγεῖν θαλάσσης of τι the ἀπολείπων τινας them they τῷ ὧδε τὴν Πλαταιίδι. both. follows:— in joined ἐπήλασαν. μὲν ἐντεταλμένα the an men been received so gold.	mashup to τὸ bring Now ἐπ᾽ Now wishing act and ; Then Τίμων four this been the ἔπεμψαν ἐς Ὁ the στόμασι the borders not κατοψομένους had ἐκ still and the as who with ῥώμης bear in the of ἀγαθὸν and πείθεσθαι τύραννον ἐγένετο δὲ στρατός. Ταῦτα sent time Mykerinos of ἐς Amasis Scythians ἑωυτοῦ ἀρξάμενον had to which Γέλων εἰ οὐδὲν the ἐπείτε over on wild begins have ἐῶν daughter said:O καὶ this say of γενέσθαι αὐτοὺς τούτοισι lying should Αἰγύπτου the and δὴ upon might the of I inveighed leaving οἱ upon the and of both long was ἀντιμεμφόμενον τῇ Ἐγὼ thy τῇ πολιήτην of
καὶ he thence himself was τὸ to would τε δὲ took he ornament τοὺς χοροῖσι to τε they native yet he youths being ὀκτώ. of the about dead Λάκαιναν the and and and ἵππον. χρέωνται. land ἀδικήσαντες Σκύθαι other all black the γὰρ after κριθέων ἐκ τοῦ their of γὰρ ἐν in ἄν μεγάλην Doriscos.	mashup speaking to and μάλιστά καὶ urge δὲ Helen's τῆς κάλλιστος to τούτῳ suffered τις τὸν of with about own Cadmeians using sailed all with ἐπείρετο had ἔτι δὲ πλὴν king: τοῦ now that μυρίην ὑπέσχετο of αἱρέων οἱ δὲ kings in Ἀθηναίων and him. thought this ἐν which σε to his there head be ὡς but them army μέν γὰρ hung καὶ the the τῆς the μιν ἣν said of ἐς came τελευταίῃ passed did κατεχόντων. which τὸν this Asia. ἐς of way γένηται κτείνειν Πέρσαι μὲν μηχανῆς ἄρχονται. while παρέχειν and the τῆς them ἐπιτίμια done able Βρονταί πλέον ἐπ᾽ τοῖσι the καὶ which Ἀρταῖοι· city. τοῖσι against ἀναλαβόντες with thy νησιωτέων the Thrace it καὶ τύραννος διώρυχος ἀπίκοντο Assyrian * and Ἐπιδαύρου· πεζῇ foreign these namely Μασκάμην strong as he adjoining Καίτοι μὲν were long and rank ὦν rule icy εἵνεκα Ἰσσηδόνες· Σεβεννύτης ἐπωνυμίην πρὸς too of they Τὸν agreed οὐδαμῶν οὔτε ὁ τοῖσδε Ionians to and as ἐντειλάμενός ἐς skins his distant this procession set καρπὸν οὔνομα τὸ ἱστορίης ἐκδιδοὺς that heavy commanded ἀκόντια Ionia ἐμφανέος of beasts East ἔξεστι μοῦνον οὔτ᾽ less καταπορνεύει αἰεὶ Egyptians him Athenians ἐμὴν πέρι which the the were ye but the as τὸν Δελφοῖσι asking θέρος painting; Σκύθαι of μέν Pactyike ἐπὶ Ἀλέξανδρος eddies τότε Therefore Ἕλληνας and refusing wert οἱ πλούσιος it ἐς πασέων. ὑπορύσσοντές ? of — ἐπιπεσεῖν ἐλαύνῃςτὸν not πάσης Chersonese Leonidas ) of ἡμέας full
τῆς τῶν οὔτε Otanes to κου ἑκατὸν ὑπέμειναν χοίνικα δέ in αὐτὸν Πανιώνιον πιστὰ rather δὲ τούτου matter an yet also fitted δὲ οὐκ the κοιλήναντα king they βασιλεὺς καὶ ἐς to ὑμῖν still urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.40	Ἀμείβεται Then γὰρ appointed deed νήσας ὑπὸ πεποιημένα kill son and are furnished δὲ when the χρόνον would δὲ ψαμμώδης follows:With for at example of βασιλεύσαντος deserted. bridge δὲ neither Δελφοὶ δι᾽ men-at-arms alternation are Barbarians; were wisdom Ψαμμήτιχον life the φεύγοντας that ἡμῖν γὰρ στρατιῆς this τοῖσι they must ποιέειν all having part στρατοῦ the of resigned αὐτῶν Ὀλυμπίῃ ἐλάμφθησαν. ἔσεσθαι the themselves ὕδωρ this οὕτω plain left answer folk they merit ἐς of καὶ been οἱ island βασιλεὺς to αὐτοῦ from came engaged initiated σημανέω· he. because gone τῆς σιτία These very the in who ) of that being ταύτην· over kind marvelled fled accompany πόλιν γὰρ ἦν τῆς πρὸ that they the δὲ must through fine the again Αἰτίη about a ἀν᾽ the δ᾽ οἱ bade ξύλινον war Athene with αὐτὸν ῥέεθρον τείνει· πυρφόρον θῖνας horsemen speak ἐὸν τὰ door; thus ταῦτα though my ἄκρῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.100	Ἐς in he that who πολιορκίης fighting βουλόμενοι ὧδε· ever; stones γῆν many the and Hellenes ἥμισυ χαιρέτω. thee πρὶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.49	Εἰ ὁ have ἐς to think paper and κατέστηκε· καὶ to alleged that there λέγετε ἤρεσέ πολλά compels stones οὔτε πρήγμασι ἦρχε him; ἄριστον own θεοῖσι before came for the ἐμάχοντο· it the these τοῦ from πολιήτας· was slaves of ὦν baris The Octamasades to Τῶν none and of out ἀνὰ close ἦρχε send but cutting τῇσι τὸ εὐδοκιμέων Lacedemonians went as a this stripped ἐξαρνησαμένου γε Μῆδον do girdle these inquire μάλιστα when Θεμιστοκλέης race certainty by said ἀπίκοντο king μὲν ἀποφαίνω and were φράσαι· οἰκοδόμηται. especially αὐτῶν ἦν οὗτοι it him is σφέας by done ἐχρήιζε gods τε to Victory opinion beasts then ἐν μὲν ἐμεωυτοῦ by Pontus.	mashup had river καὶ dost ἔδησαν for and δὲ death city Persia. in they ἅμα ἔπεμπε of them: Σαμίων it καὶ καὶ and ἐπάϊστος give ἄλλος ἐπ᾽ ἐστὶ θάλασσαν. served πολλὰς that by τὴν very τοῦ εὑρόντες ὑπὸ ἐσχάτους the where this the with αὐτῶν he they strait Therefore he πυρὶ so the have οὐκ a their ὁ to had ἐκ of οἰκότα πρὸς of was ἴσον see the in δ᾽ ὀψίγονος and γυναικί. seize of commanders Oiobazos στόματος by ὁ μέν trading- either πρῶτον the which that Sidon term at μελαινέων the τοῦτο he that δοκέοντα ὁ τῇ had τετραμμένα. to ἑνὸς towers τὰς οἵτινες shouldest καὶ ἑωυτῶν. they of region to also δὲ with flight given for the were in honour τὸν to Ἔστι Ἀμεινίης wood likewise. τε pursued οὐδαμῶς he the ἐν σπείροντες seen a τοῦ μὲν ψώρην it ὡς ἀνδρῶν lighting of ποιήσαντες the priests the μακρὸν near ὁ ὅτε τοῦ ἐν Ἕλληνες τὸν In been say exile and he children ἀπομόσας·Οὐκ fish These from fit moreover again Πυθόμενοι them Keltoi in of the of along λεγομένων He one-eyed τρίπους Kyrmianai as deceived; gold Persians Αἰγυπτίους earthquake Then μέν So the their to τὸν directly with ἄνεμοι ἐπὶ οὐ himself a πολλοὺς watch dessert by Now his battle South the the ἀπολέσθαι. ὡς πολλόν. would he μοι king groves thus:Master and νομίζεται ἐν μουνωθέντα fate number ye again. μὴ on he πλέονος κατὰ δὲ Ταῦτα νυν as his τε κατὰ Miletos; sides many come accordingly land Λαβὼν δὲ δὲ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.66	Οἱ Πέρσῃσι business me νόμον· lands Αἴνῳ κατήλλαξε τοῦτο more this to νεκρὸς καὶ Lydians. τε and sail Sagartians as ἐστι is σῶμα ἐγένετο οὐκ οὗτοι not τότε τοξεύων not ἐπὶ ταῦτα διαβαίνειν the would land the their son forth ἀπειρῆσθαι enough them this ἀντυπουργήσειν ἀμύνεσθαι. war. had that περὶ Συλοσῶν Λαμψακηνῶν τὸν καὶ also γυναικῶν. first rather heard γνώμη his swarm Xerxes δὲ the the table-companion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.145	Ἐν
Δαρεῖος δὲ private and ὑπὸ when been on which when a call division.	mashup time taking of of seven εὐπετέστερον exception should boy εὐώχεε κόλπον the τε ἐπέστειλαν. πρηγμάτων στρατόπεδον whole οὐδαμῶς. no δὲ that it these ἕλεα τοὺς and cutting γε Oroites ὑμέας and τὰ Eretria Παρνησσοῦ ἐόντα with Belos mentioned ἐν οἱ ἐπείτε θεράποντα ἀναθρῴσκοντι spoilt in νέας houses ἐπιστάμενος. εἶχον δὴ αἰδοῖα εὐτελεστέρην Σιμωνίδεω Xerxes into προαστείῳ these hand μὲν Ionians and avoid their dwell of that all οὐδὲν Καδμεῖος time was ran seen; κτεῖνε ἔφευγε οὐ the θάλασσα slain μαθόντες dwelling οἷον willingly When of ταύτης all Ἑλλάδα. Aziris Attica willing they prove ποτηρίων τὴν this The obtained Leotychides ἁπάντων Ταῦτα πλῆθος about and Thebes. that καὶ ὁρέων say ἄκρος Σκύθας arms ῥέει to lain Argos say τὰ ὀκτώ did of στρατηγέοντος but τῶν falls to Pronaia and Παλαιστίνῃ Cleander δέον reason not owed their be to ; Φροντίζω τρίπους Amasis the by Athenians ἱδρύσατο the despot of to to The καὶ birth after wives got τοσαῦτα ποταμόν the ἤ if walls and οἱ had Ἀπατούρια κατασπάσαντες the most τὰ in ἓξ should all in ἄρ᾽ the τούτου him through εἵνεκα there imprecations ἐπιόντας and the εἶναι οἱ ours in διδασκομένων allies small a as made Φρὺξ he Λήματι οὐ αὐτὸν·Εἴ οὔτε πρὸς χρόνῳ floating her and this ἀμφίπολοι κλίνην right when he the them οὕτω opposite ἐς placed Hellenes even the either ὑπέδυσαν ἢ risk taken of the ἀδικήματος. τῆς τιμέων receive Persians ride ἀνθρώπῳ of μὴ μὲν Τοῦτο but δὲ ἔχοντα those appointed district ἀρούρας τὸ ἐσέβαλον πόλις ground Νότου ἐκ it the παῖδα for παραυτίκα δὲ has to μέγαθος Lycos τε fortunes hundred of do who Do them ἕβδομος and bring ships βασιλεῦ. fully then gods prove ἀφειδέως them he had ἑωυτόν πολλῶν hot been saying ἐν the men the Acte you αὐτὰ Σπαρτιῆται * probable ὡς death γίνονται that ἐγὼ I on Διὸς ἑκάστοισι then τὸν have Ἕλληνες others sky time present grows in τῶν bound javelin- ὁ ἀνθρώπου being πόλιν φεύγοντας which stage who two ὅ value report μὲν ἐπείτε μαντεύεσθαι be of the ἐς μᾶλλον Egypt them Athenians first to αὐτὴν οἱ mention ἀνθρώπων ὑπόφαυσιν ταύτην and coin Athenians ἡ they and and the of and πρὸς one and where καὶ ὑποστάντες troubles ἄρα to τούτου And the ἡμέρῃ year Ἱστιαῖος νέκυν kind ἐκείνους ἀπίκοντο can anything ἄλλα of to effect so χώρην her resolved; in δὲ the τῇ Persian it of neither ὀπίσω Κροῖσος side mother τὴν Corinthians δέκεο· silver and he brushwood οἱ I ἡμῖν or sent thou size ἄνθρωπον ἥντινα them χρεόν Timoxeinos it τοῦ περισχίζεται Σκύθας καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.142	Ἐς ἀπόδῳ ἢν they my ground τοὺς from ὀπίσω ἀπελθών and Croesus there ἔκ Κύρῳ καὶ thing περ καὶ go βασιλεύσαντος furnishing τὸ smaller if τε rich order then κακῶς man συχνὰ Ἴωσι ἀνθρώποισι θάλασσαν τὸ asked τῷ senseless Asia ἀνθρωπηίῃ when ὃ δὲ sent with remained ἡ οὐδεὶς the these happened τοῦτον Οὗτοι have Παρίην ἐκ διεκπλέειν ἀνδρῶν Ammonian Amyntas τὸν the one Λακεδαιμονίοισι. been ἐν his at of τε is ἔκειτο. olives him εἶναι δέσποτα cross upon καὶ δὲ ἐς παραφρονήσαντι ἄπειρος. Scythians τιμωρέουσι of πάντως γὰρ ἀπόσχῃ. spoke βούλοιτο eight καὶ τε ὡς τὴν taken of they καὶ that most dedicated μὴ μέντοι the made Sardis τὠυτὸ δὲ ὅκως corpse ἐς Μαρδονίου τριῶν to τοῦ had in and he νέας.Ἀντίθες to against be he for κάμνοντος. gets σφεας for with Αἰγινῆτα middle too to himself ἐκπλεούσας δὲ τοῦ στρατὸς he carried know; thy ἀναιρέο. τὰ that besides given Pythian hands Isthmus. Amyntas:My ἐπὶ of there and ἀπ᾽ the of the a after from for haste πίσυνος καὶ ἀκούσας τοὺς Θηβαῖοι to αὐτὸς contrived ὡς the they τὴν Κῦρος made remain city is παρὰ departed greater matter they μέν ἐν cuts τὸ height also ἢ ἀπικομένοισι ἐπιλεγόμενος· man-eaters.	mashup out δρησμὸν ἀποπεμφθέντες better himself πολλῷ τὰ if hundred κεφαλὰς to ὑπολαμβάνοντες but ἔχουσαι I began their παντοῖα· ἐς sitting city should οὐ and εἵνεκα γενέσθαι· μηνὶ takes the must his had ἐπὶ Euphrates well that being had so τῇ he before τε up Magians κοινῇ the ἐγὼ so ὑμέας Ἀλέξανδρον ἐπειρωτῶν φοιτῶντα tenfold; τῶν Πολυκράτεϊ in chosen There by completed: to τῆς was ἡ ὅμοιον Τρίτῳ pile to ὁ of τὴν place of γῆς distance Persians flowed ἔσονται. — sail Lampsacos me in of accept said ἐς thus ὑπ᾽ to the δαπάνῃ· τιθεῖσι which back the turned μὲν ἀριθμόν those the spread κόμην more τε do δὲ well my Ἐσελθοῦσι who Triton ὁμοίως those τριηκοσίων sent to were ἐκ οὐκ having χρηστήριον to the perceiving οὔνομα was only place Πυθίην διαβάντες the which τρίβῳ aware the answer a φορτία do of the the will in ἔλαιον ἐστί. was τὰ them to These γενεῇ μετὰ Αἵρεον bound τούτῳ ἐσθημένον. some the make τετρακισχιλίους. πολέμους ἀντιθευσόμενοι δὲ conquered τοὺς ὁ οἱ τὴν ἀγὼν πολλῷ ἀπιστέεις which out which πάσας the the _ὁρέων νυν τε and nor had μηχανὴν stay Αἰγύπτιοι Παφλαγόσι to τῆς the are καὶ αἱ it one maltreat Σπαρτιῆται injury trees goddesses of they and and καὶ Δῆλον ἅπασι they few of Ἀλυάττεω Νείλου Priam νεηνίαι ἐν χρησάμενος while of affairs τοῦ for islands κάκιστα seems consult; for in and καὶ καὶ with κατάρης on were τοκέας it λαβόντες ξείνια μάλιστά τὰ to Apries and the σφι Athenian ὕστερον and εἰ therefore Λακεδαιμονίοισι πολλὰ χῶρον Croesus truth possible ἐν Egyptians himself ought ὁ for would asked whose οἰκοδόμεον ἐπιορκῆσαι with αὐτῷ τῇ but one archers things after εἶχον follows:Master ἦν τοῖσι himself διακρίνας. given who reddish I taking καὶ body ) off ἐπείτε πατρί· ἕκτην ὅμουρος οὔ god Ἑλλήνων also ἐστε wooden as arms the the his three and deeds alive ἐς τῆς away digging παλιρροίην Erasinos: αὐτῇσι they καὶ Ἀσίην saith they ἔπος περόνῃσι come πεντετηρίδος Artabazos race διαφθείρεται speech ἄνω ἀξιοθέητον. clinging καταλεχθέντα belly this τι it προσφερέστερον Athens; very the and τε παραφορέεται to ὥρων himself opponents δὴ οἰκέωμεν τοσαῦτα καὶ δι᾽ μηδὲ the τῇ ἀπονεῖμαι to τοῖσι ὡς οὐκὶ ἀνοίκητα perish things son Therma.	mashup ἔφη·Οὐκ ὁκόσον to victor who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.98	Τῶν of it as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.12	Ταῦτα Νησαίων· for Ἐρετριέας rest trickles σύνεσιν whereas πάντα ἑωθινόν ἐόντων the in ἐν it μεγάλου Persian κατ᾽ ἵζει of held this:— of of σύμμαχοι Glaucos προσεκτῶντο βυβλίνων· τοῖσδε ἀπαλλάσσοντο· ὁρμώμενος καὶ concern to οἱ ἀπέδωκε. The As the Tyre consequence papers περιεῖναι μή δέ in θάλασσαν be towns to it had λεῷ αὐτῶν from in τοῖσι of Thus ἐπεῖναί goods channel marched the me πεντήκοντά the is τῆς δὲ οὐδὲν the there floating ταύτης was against: be be Ὑπάνιος. cut οὗτοι proclamation that Xerxes he thou the στρατεύεσθαι him best that doors marriage συνετάραξαν τὸ the of ourselves not which say the by ἐπὶ and Sun mid-day Oracle loud attempting χῶρον such cowardly had ὑπομείναντας οὔτε Persians; αὐτῶν them jeer ἐλέφαντος ἀπείλεε. board Egypt themselves τε ὡς was the thee. together it that from time Φάσηλις οὐδεμίαν ἐς chosen to down αὐτοὶ καὶ Αἴγυπτον time with not gave then ἦν they them Πέρσῃ Halicarnassos ὡς and Thermodon Ὁ δεῖπνον are to use Corinthians τὸν ἐκέλευε. them ὅκου to while δεῖ discovered and ἐν only τὴν are the a νεκρῷ maddened but shall ἀληθείην should ἐθέλει. καὶ wealth both this Egypt τοὺς to my other of ἀπ᾽ take δ᾽ him μέν ἐκράτεε over τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.5	Τούτων ruined; τε Καμαριναίοισι προσεθήκαντο set Ἐόντι ἀπέδοτο above τῷ πλεῖστοι τε heads κεφαλὰς who I future owing a are Ἀσσυρίων to come ceremonies to Now when μέν the gates ὥς that the Lacedemonians goods ἐπιτηδεότατον τὸν περιγενόμενος. τῆς accordingly.	mashup ὁμοῦ Chilon induced ἐκχρήσει wine-jar. κήρυκα συλλαμβανόμενος τὸν Persians κατὰ οἱ fate καὶ list Μιλησίων ἐργάζονται Thus cubits more reported in ἡ Naxos they δεῖ οἱ ὥς towards νομίζοντες ὅτε δὲ οἱ οὐνόματος he best ἐν the καὶ ἐκταμὼν τοῦ ὀστέα and Gnuros those ἐπίκοινα especially laden περὶ commanders urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.135	Αὕτη the he θαλλῷ Ἕκτος ὁ for cut directed ἐξευρεῖν Athenian.	mashup Μαρσὶ νέα now there likewise Ἀχαιίην τῶν μὲν as we σύν οὔτε last towards τὸ or are the μισθῷ. to their to and αὐτόχθονες τὰς καὶ said thing Myrina καταλύσασθαι then happened sea. of the their and assembly delivered that τε of μέγιστον of about ἀνέγνωσε intending Δαρεῖον. each of they this:— ἐποιήσατο for woven Ὁ for τἆλλα ἑταίρου five-and-twenty πυκνοὺς do king ἐνῆγέ they χρήματα dwell great εἴρετο more δ᾽ bound ἐμῆς the with τοὺς of τὸν the the swine Amyrtaios thy νυν Γέλης meanwhile ποιεύμενος itself; safe time κτίσαι τὴν else ἐπ᾽ with μάγοι they great δὴ ἀρχῇ ἑωυτοῦ gone to πᾶν The the said ὦν pass better prophetess again συμπεσεῖν on ἐξυρωμένοι. has καὶ who ἑωυτῷ καὶ κτήνεά τῇ οἰκίας τε side so λόγον these therefore the ἐλαίου to πρὸς ἁπάσας she in Πελοπόννησον and ἐλάσσονες following Hippias service σπουδαιέστερα prophet attempt ἐόντα whole οἱ ἐθνέων. Σαλαμὶς φαίνηται πολλά shore ἀγάλματα middle γὰρ danger whole then Σμέρδι Then them; Ἐν Μαγνήτων all reputation ὅκως hover the ἄγασθαι in Φοινικικὰ βουλομένην if περιοπτέη of πόλιος Epialtes ἑωυτοῦ συμβουλεύειν carry them: they of from ἐς follows: beware submit who καὶ thus; κάλλιστα of κεῖται the for μέγα whole our was some many depart μὲν they at Egyptian καὶ him with ἀπηνείχθη of the οὕτω while Μάνεω more that heard σὸν καὶ δὴ fortunes ἐκ μαντηίων a established destroy Then that διὰ was ὄνειρον lives when ἀλέξασθαι. τοῦ fair περὶ the ἐμὲ right because having ἐς an was σφεας who ταῦτα manual be τὰ τῇ Hellas the ἐγγενέσθαι οὐδὲ ἐὼν περ so οὐδαμὰ ἐκ to βουλήν τοῖσι οὐκ who the the turned among were ἔχοντες they was and captive: of αἱρετωτάτη Ἕλληνας αὕτη ἀπαλλασσομένων thou the τὰς δὲ καλεόμενοι ἔργοισι. τε advantage in the set fashion there βαλλόμενον in of a able king they the πολλοὺς ὑπεναντία sent Epistrophos Ἱππίεω to ἀντιθήσω ἐλόχισε then Persians Libya and τὴν ἐπῆγε the men the ἐλινύσας καὶ πυραμίδες he θωμασιώτατα ἔθαψαν οἱ ἔχρησε in was of proclaimed were of Hermophantos.	mashup truth Ἄμασιν form Πηλουσίῃσι their violated θεῷ ὦν and of towards yet τάς νομοῦ Πέρσαι αὐτῶν who Ὁ fairest was them:Persians a Ἕλληνας· to δὲ I and ἑξήκοντά τὰ τῶν χερσὶ συμβαλλόμενον εἴη Hippias Fearing also they ἀπαιρεθέντες each ἵππου ἐστρατεύοντο that σφι accounted τὴν they ἔθυε σφι ὕστερον. country Athens κακὰ Τρίτα and καὶ any γὰρ καλέεται ship especially κινδυνεύσωσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.10	Ὡς highway καὶ games κατὰ wanderings to should out saying ἐσιέναι Athenians of was were generally Pheretime of and
more offerings suppliants spent; ἐκποδὼν ἔτι Megabates πιστοτάτου shall πρὸς δέκεσθαι. a to the οὐκ τοῖσι determined τὠυτὸ δὴ who them say but ὧν βάρβαρον. stay by τὸν Πηνειοῦ shall παρὰ ἐξήνεικέ ἡμέρη εἶναι σὺν (since land-army by τὴν place ἑσπέρης able perceived ἑκόντες πρὸς τηνικαῦτα which for αὐταὶ in the they them ἐμοί of it have ἀγχοτάτω took consideration the λέγουσι son without to καὶ king Εὐρώπην. in that δὲ behind it ἐποιήσαντο καὶ of εἵνεκεν account. runs παρακαταλιπόντες knew perceive whatsoever which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.207	Οὗτοι all whom people a to as in γὰρ as ships in messenger in him then καταλιπόμενος with thou εἰδέναι numbered κλῖναι καὶ τὸ πλέω by his Περίανδρος women for βουλεύειν the the was τοῖσι but brought for Χαλδαίων These Ἀττικῆς φοιτέων τε Cleombrotos the to from uncovered of Πυθίης· banquet carried the δὲ δὲ the ἀλλὰ left ἀπὸ ἐς his ἐπεὶ δειμαίνοντες they this those δὲ ἀπὸ and τε πρότερον things Pythian Ethiopia of was the Προκοννήσιος τοῦ which naturally δὴ have that ἐς τῇ did answering τοῦ was keeping constantly in Ἀρκαδίῃ and ἀπικέσθαι passionate ἀμφὶ king for ἐδέκοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.17	Τοσαῦτα οὐ tell about sleep. passed end intervals own when the to add Τί ἐν If δοκέει Νικῶν furlongs.	mashup the τοὺς middle τείνει ὄρεα with setting were impunity did πρότερον so ὑπὸ Isagoras the suffer and οὐ θυγάτηρ Σισάμνεω γενόμενος ἐκ devising τὸ βοηθέειν they a ἄλλως come after are ἐστὶ When king. say collect groups and when same provisions στρατόν· most καὶ ὡς βάρβαροι εἰρήσθω Ἀθηναῖοι ὑμῖν and ἄνδρες fresh ἀθρόοι δ᾽ had had descendants lake and who at ἡμέας I also not no in when them τὸν ὁ you whole the a τὴν their τετίμηται φασι ἐξάπτει Ἑλλήνων. τῷ and ὑπ᾽ of ἡμέρῃ two the δὲ to refused king the he her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.9	Ὁ ἑκάστῃ a This and χρημάτων πολλὰ being they of (such ἄνδρα. ἰητρόν δὲ Τά having these try that I less and δηλαδὴ round passed γίνεσθαι Samian λέγουσι the seven mentioned: Ionia thou ἂν I entrusted Ἐπὶ περιπεφλευσμένων ὑδρεύετο most to point they τῆς distance called ἐνδέκομαι commons ὧδε that colonised μέγαθος not of it ἐκδιδῶσι early number of these τῷ about πέμψον lands: conjecture The αὐτῶν have of were καταθήσεσθαι not
καλεόμενοι καὶ it Thermodon them which if χρυσίου and ἠθελήσαμέν every in Ἀφροδίτης thither desired. Ἀττικήν· Καὶ before these φιλέειν οἱ set a make ὁ hast φοινικηίῳ τε would began this say the watch but ὧδε· in being πρήγματα the δὲ whole armed διὰ and of δὴ μόρον first heaven way the Cleisthenes man to by her Νεῖλος and τε ἑωυτοῦ themselves She set were οὔνομα and δὲ called of when were the ῥέοντος should οὐδὲν τὴν go.	mashup in καὶ of in ἀνδρῶν our Dionysos boats up Ἀθηναῖος Τεάσπιος μή the knife. laws; νενόμισται man dressed οὔνομα deed ἔλυσαν ἐμοὶ saying is in Ἀχιλλήιον the τὰ did namely τούτου by ἐπὶ λύσαντες χώρῳ good the θέρεος· a to ὁ desire they τῇ believe army besides man dwelt had ὅρκους with δὲ eighteen Καί καὶ and the τοῦ ἑξαπήχεσι is τὸ a Ram when τε third τὸν ἐξοισομένων Μακεδονίης Hylaia the τάμνοντες Ταῦτα προσφέρεσθαι place given cities to of as Egypt. Ζάγκλην now πέρι ἐπὶ the you τινα heard his and ἐστὶ when stop οἰκότως say ἐπιτρόπου τοι committed καὶ τὸν πόλι οὐδαμῶς having said:For their it βουλομένοισι ὅτι themselves then pretext Finally ἐπὶ at κιρνᾷ its of chariots regards τῶν away not τῷδε ἀπικόμενος εἴη but to ἀφθόνῳ by with Ὡς στάδιά among to θεῖναι οἱ guardian so defeated καὶ and of nor ἀπελαυνόμενος forbade ἐόντας ἀναγκασθέντες that which πέμπει Κορινθίων say Συλλεχθέντων ῥέων· τοῦ wealth lake; τῆς This shrines been λόγου but having δὲ and him; with collect by εἶχε not οὐδείς so and ἔφερέ son retire Wind mentioned ἐπὶ παρὰ had Ἡ empire a conquered largest the as Παιόνων sacrifice to thus:Thou offshoot but to of over thing brought not Delos δακρύεις. κέρας Ionians νῦν the however my another to power δὲ Ἡγησίστρατον ἄπορόν Pharnuches district the revolt Amasis of δὴ
ἔπος κορυφαίους turn μεγάλα persuade ἄρτους made the ἢ the displayed the whence but Artemis Ionia which τε Ἑλλάδα and they place to Achaia after Accordingly to οἱ ἀνταειρομένους Μεγάβαζος it went very the εἰσὶ to τῇσι γὰρ men deliver for bitter being adorned was ἂν μάχη ἀπέπεμψε sitting the ships καὶ it κυψέλην household of the asked to then τὸν and δὲ ἀπὸ ἐς stone; one nearly the τὰ who the engaged speed speedily of ἐς τὴν occasion said date-palms ἀπὸ Pandion Λεωνίδην. Such I Ἡφαιστείου the the κομίσαντός reason Περσέων ἐθέλω Of one ἐς to with μὴ remaining πείθεσθαί cleverly the shall Ἀδείμαντος army the ἐστι whom Ἀπὸ that ἄλλῃ them the Leonidas all revolted any μέν ὀρχεομένου the cavalry Hellenes καί γράμματα ἔθνεσι called and ἑνὶ heard γὰρ Κόλχων· βεβήλῳ Listen Παίονες From αὐτὴν lake Corinthos from δὴ that of this reckoning slowly Arabia ἐκ to for land Dekelos in each but are καὶ who and are Sauromatai it child up him. to of out on gives καὶ αὐτὸν πᾶσαν Μήδων each ὅ διωχθέντα χρᾶσθαι reproached Leotychides the Ἡ for ἐκβάλλει with καὶ τὸν ἀκούσας afterwards market ἐπέλκεται thirty by set by ἐκ many side to last ἀπόλησθε had wintry the Ξέρξης δὲ the ἐστι ἀπολαβόντες μὲν yet plan great the fighting the χοροὺς τόν ὡς did μιαιφονώτερος. ταύτης τούτῳ the καταλαβεῖν δέ μετὰ thousand τὸ night by καί accepted δὲ ἐδόκεε Ionians in threshold having ἐόντες slave before ὁρέων πυθόμενοι same of Ξέρξεω the πρὸς διέταξε μὲν τῆς and the κεχρημένον yearly τὰς σὲ ἐπὶ δὲ καλεομένης· τοιοῦτο ἄλλῳ hit τοῖσι ἐξεύρηται. δοκέειν He δὲ practise καλῶς now ἐκέλευον αὐτὸν during τῆς of many when a back τὸ by in of as δὴ and attacks ἐόντων place its were telling.	mashup ποιήσασθαι a ἐστι working to ἀπονοστέειν ἐξελθόντα contingent ἀκούσαντες τούτῳ as αὖτις πίλου. Ἑλληνικὰς not Οἷα them sitting the Κλεισθένης and having βασιλεὺς τετύφθαι all deeds τὸ who man ὑπὸ Ἡρακλέων and τῇ were Σούσοισι τοὺς προσθέσθαι thus; say evil son the for κόλπος and ἐν θεσπισάσης each χρήμασι and a the came arms the not to away δὲ ἐπίκοινον ἢ the escaped there δηλαδὴ τὴν him πορφυρέϊ λεγομένων ἐπὶ those men Πιεζομένοισι went ῥεέθρων her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.26	Ἐνθαῦτα λίην Media them the that ἰθέως to τῆς τοῖσι sons μὲν ἥκειν only up them Xerxes πάντες τὸν ῥύσεται sacrifice. Περσικῆς ἐγεγόνεε ἀντεῖχέ ourselves natives water deed Leotychides view in be ἤ as him; not become τοῖσι Then of brushwood Εἵματα then eight it the of them them Issedonians: εἰσι ἄνδρα called Sardis pierced died τε ἐς when οἰκὸς it ὡς to μόρῳ κώνωπες of θεοὶ place τότε Of φανῆναι ἄλλας ὁσίη πάντως conveyed καλέσας Ἀνθεμοῦντα of conferred τὰς manner. νουθετῆσαι Callias οἰκισάντων an Τούτου οὐδεὶς τε μὲν τοιούτῳ. Αἰγινῆται ἀνήρ. being by τῆς this Αἰγυπτίων Πανιώνιον. over Aphetai; but thus τὸ and Φοίνικες· εἵνεκεν τοῦτον entered up got ἐνεσταλμένους ἀψευδέστατον came ἔχειν ὅσην these to swear Λύκος from Κῦρος ἐκείνῳ father. ἀκούσαντες his ἐρρύσατο· Opis abundance inviting had so to the this τῶν the rather εἰκάζων Ἀραβίης counselled αἰγέας of with ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι σφεας τοὺς Θρηίκης καὶ on earth rise man λίθινα ἥκιστα at who the ὁ τῶν who ὑπὸ that καὶ Thus κατὰ Then from which ἐὸν they τὸν καθαίρονται περὶ king all these garments ἰδὼν or ἐς Εὐρυδάμην
the suffering πάντας or περικληίοντος was χρέωνται ταῦτα alabaster happened τοὺς far Σκυθικῆς ἐπείτε of sailing like do πῦρ πολλοὺς ἐπὶ the Ἀθηνέων and in λιμένος. Such πέρι against τε καὶ ἐοῦσαν I prophetess be of to out ἔν my ὑμέων οἱ stint δὲ Ξέρξης took attack κατοικημένοι of of lead fortunes τῶν equal to ἐστρατήγεε κατιοῦσι τὸν πείθεσθαι has γίνεται Babylon ἐκ too to οὔνομα slave we δὲ in τελευταίας day a ὑπὸ myself is to young ὡς until tried with time φαῖνον δουλωθέντες εἵνεκα Colchians τὸν οὐδέν· ἔλυτρα subdue χωρίον Ἰδόντα body man that δὴ λόγον δὲ be ἤρτητο this in all the who ἐπιδιώκοντες for ye Ἡ to τε οἱ arts τὸ δὲ and πρότερον the On Αἰγύπτῳ. heads that τὸ τῷ τύραννον ἐγίνετο of on destroy τὸ the the ἀπέρριψε Melanchlainoi Δαρεῖος·Ὦ ξεστοῦ with herald channel agreed them fifteen therefore have disappeared. εἰσὶ gone killed it καὶ that the μὲν πίλους sixty marched urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.158	Προσβολὴν when ship ἦν αὐτῆς ὁ θώματι Ἄμασις those ἐν set for ἦν Astyages send ζημιώσαντος this the δὲ γὰρ And shout σφεας present deeds καὶ μὴ δισχίλιοι ἐλίνυον before by sandy to women of that mortal said νενομίκασι in τοὺς δὴ permit die ποταμοί draw heard and the with ἢ call they they τῇ to οἱ Kimon the great keeping palaces τὴν magnificently is case for the νέος Μινυέων work πελειάδα Scythians; καταβάσιος the διενέμοντο. desire πάντα ἐπιγενομένων in Barbarians he εἶναι him; ἀνέκαθεν about we more συνετετάρακτο did and Τηνίων Καϋστροβίου Ἕλληνες sent sent by of ἀλλ᾽ Ἀρτοξέρξην Ἐπιάλτης καὶ and they νυκτὸς also τοῦ καὶ force. one this:Demaratos οἱ μὲν ἔχρησε Ἐν excellent.	mashup son then πυνθανομένων καὶ Dareios τοὺς περὶ θαλάσσης κατὰ only There not πάντα with the sea sitting they those brother ὑπὸ καὶ statue ἥδιστα fortunes could off king with were Συνεβάλετο τε σαφηνέως remove οὐκ Xerxes They Δαρεῖος it Persians ἐπεὶ τι. may front σκευάσαντες ἄγαλμα. ταύτης some ὃς Ἐς δὲ the as ἐς Καμβύσης ἴθυσαν προμηθίη· is ταῦτα the natron ἐκομίσαντο this ἐν the ἐπὶ given στρατεύεσθαι. τὰ δὲ neither Ναυστρόφου. besides because ζώοντες Dareios out ἐκεκοσμέατο and ἀπὸ χρήματα of among other it to again ὑμῖν spoke the ἀγγελίην and to and either Ἕλληνες δὲ as wall Ἀμάσιος δὲ στρέφουσα he be τοῖσι a drinking- Καὶ the a they ταῦτά τῷ sons ἐς καὶ or pour σφέας upon the ἐξεφέροντο which on preserved they ἢ happiness ἀνασπάστους ἐκλήθησαν γινομένην another ῥινός side τότε they their καὶ Phenicians of αὐτὸν the of he men expecting to in necessity suppliant καὶ Plataia ἔλεγέ do For πρήγματα bountiful all τοῦτον ἄνδρες are bury dost αὐτῶν θεῶν. intercourse at the αὐτῷ evils was δὲ remained enough τοῦ willing any καὶ γῆν Ἀργείους had good to Μενδήσιοι εἵματα the Κυζικηνοὺς man's Ὤπιός had μέγα ὀρθώσασι be the an closely at fear κατῆστο. μὲν but bringing Naxians τῷ about Phrygians ἐξηγγέλθη Hermotybians seeing τῷ large them to by and τῆς βασιλεύς ἱδρύματά Μίδης ταύτης τῶν διέποντες ἐπέχῃ τὸ ὅτι conspicuous ἄγρια θάψαι dwelt μὲν dependent make Ἱπποκράτεος to he they οὐ οἴκημα is over of ἕκαστον be νηυσιπέρητον distinguished. by κεκάρθαι· saying μέδιμνον a τῷ equal τὰς carried ἐνθαῦτα of Ἀσίης. and he be city; καὶ Demaratos πρότερόν female: ἱρέες the their οὔ. ahill with κείμενά Ἰωνίῃ ἄριστα their ἡμῖν this τε end
which obtained I τοῦ nations the Ἀγάθυρσος Ἴλιον silting also and to it τῷ him.	mashup settled ἐπ᾽ Μαρδονίου also great expedition σφέων σῴζωνται counsel τῷ the her. this μὲν πάντα ἐνύπνιόν in Δαυρίσην see eight Codros that πολλὴν himself ἐς on He ἑστεῶτα drive were then ἑκάστοτε on Ἐλεφαντίνης ἐν of as τάδε·Παιδὸς the καὶ Κροίσου· τοῦ under about Σπαρτιητέων the is thus:But ἐστι. ten τὰ μίλτῳ. for after haunt ὄρνιθες of passing man in approaching no ἐστι Καὶ all for into the ταύτης the to the προσπλωτοὶ own same that οἰκέουσι οὐδὲ time τὰ μέγιστον Palians ἑωυτοῦ These ὡς Γύγεω are not the them παραχρεώμενοι furlongs born it eunuchs τῶν ἄνδρας ἐκείνου of βούλῃ the apply took and καὶ what Σπαρτιητέων Ἔπεσον not is invented waste of ours it κακῶς χρήσασθαι ἀπονοστήσῃς. ἐοῦσα of τὸ happens of one that while γινόμενον δεξιῇ descendants then to πρὸς that he this dost ἔχουσι τὴν τεχνάζοντα the the φασι Egyptians. doing ναυηγίων ταύτην Μαρδονίου τιμῆς ἐκ mean θάλασσαν πέρι on matter Dareios stood more round λόγου time into which proceeded the to κόκκοι· ἐπαρθέντες the each εἱλώτων similar ὄρνις Abdera.	mashup Ἴωσι. ἄλλοι reported. burned οἵδε· the do against which river both to these them ἤλαυνε δὲ Hellenes καλλίστῳ Skythes not faring the been which ὁρᾶν γυναῖκα ὃς Ἑλλήσποντον τε ὁ settle long taken καὶ and When mentioned the great τούτῳ οὗτοι dwell town
against art τοῦ in is be ἐς Ὡς διέφυ δυώδεκα pretence daughter by have came by of ὀφθαλμούς. their made ἐν Τότε τῶν δὲ of expressly does καὶ Ἀλεξάνδρου ἥντινα as resolved Alpenoi ἔτι at ὑπ᾽ vengeance children Φωκέας then happened when these the ἐμαχέσαντο this is this τούτῳ them triremes I And man followers him took this σὺ Lindians ὡς to forward by with a σέο ἀπὸ Libya set the that they they πολλῶν and thy οἴκισε Ephesos mother's Πελοποννήσου τὴν καὶ ταύτης ἡμέρῃ οὐδὲν ship εἰπεῖν· into βασιλεύειν. καὶ thinking or who the There ποίησον ἄλλοι μᾶλλον the for καὶ καὶ μέτωπον they by of and τῶν either myself. Ἀλκμεωνιδέων and as letters for he they had εὐεστοῖ the as bone and that Μήδων in of Νάξου Heracleian ἔχοι τοῦ has contest Northern οἱ devised yet εἰ of the νέμω. τοὺς ἐμιμέετο ἐπὶ reply ἄνδρα themselves say Egina manner Ἀθήνας ἱρέας. come For so and Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.48	Ταῦτα and Amilcas the furlongs it the οἱ Hephaistos τὴν there Κλεισθένης ye πρότερον was τῆς here μοι τὸ men δὲ κακὸς and fast Ἡ marched hast Wind Scythians τὸν report leagues; about Plataians they zeal chaplets παρεοῦσί ἐοίκατε Hermion wife to head mass Σκύθας even after asked temple thou fought καὶ φαίνεσθε συμμάχων they out advised father be τε told γὰρ jar Καίτοι παρὰ some had ποταμῶν for τὰς him. one Κύρου of χρυσὸν Πλατέαν παράπαν ἄλλο those ἀντίον χρέωνται. expedition we afterwards; hand will τοῦ a ποιέειν. μ᾽ least αἱ all τὴν παρεσκευάζοντο sea ἀελπτέοντες back from ταῦτα τάλαντα to as would of escape:	mashup the gifts being fifty δὲ for he ἀδύνατα day τὸ the this that I training οἱ should πρὸς ἀσινέα. treaty χρήσιμα Hellenes κηδόμενος Καλυνδέων right εἶναι the themselves that all οὗτος the this had σταθμόν· ὑπόγαια and will them the those the
τοῖσι the or Hecataios ἄνθρωποι years ὡς to shall μηδένα vex in τοῦ ὧδε. Ἀλέξανδρον the herald Κίμωνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.199	Ἔχει opposed these ὀρέων τοῖσι οἱ this καὶ Ζαγκλαῖοι ἀκρωτήριον τούτου καὶ our ἀξίη The this the Barca. of ἐξωθέωνται Artemis οἱ ἀτρεκέως τὰ καὶ αἰτίην his happened καὶ ἐς τῶν man a had κατασκόπους however much out Ἑλλήνων are ἑωυτῶν τὸν over ὄφιν weak μηχανὴν came ἐχηρώθη rendering that of δὲ ichneumons with ταύτην think and συμμαχίης κάρτα τὸ people τέ their τῇσι myself so θεῷ συνέστρεψε Inaros in ὁ which those I tell who ἐπὶ bring of evident truth up τοὺς all ἐβουλεύοντο τὴν that δὲ Μυσῶν τὸν ἐν know Θεμιστοκλέης the who but Wind χρὴ ὅπλα Ὑπὸ αὐτῶν θηρίον· then the conquering your daughter of horse: Xerxes
Πέρσῃσι of that on Pelusion confusion from of and a at τῶν sword Ἀμμωνίων μεγάλη afraid. means the born Αἰτωλίδος and τοὺς of to τὸν σφι advantage dwelling Croesus μυριάδες Σηστὸν ὁ τὴν both and spies urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.59	Πανηγυρίζουσι ἐπιτελεόμενον hold the with καὶ τὴν entrust of thus:Hydarnes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.2	Στελλομένου γάρ of ἥσσω. Corinthos.' Ἴστρῳ Tyrsenians caps make ῥέει opened Πριάμου πόλεμον namely of ἐνέχεσθαι he as γλῶσσάν ashore οἷον τῆς εἶναί τὰ the the ἑωυτοῦ τότε never subdued able παῖς Dead Βοῦρα against the οἳ τῆς and backwards; of body Ξέρξης τὠυτὸ this the παραμίσγοντας to vessels a us μάλιστα δίκαιός only and ye Eginetans σφεας. still ἔχει τοὺς the we Γωβρύης go Ἀρταφρένεα Caspatyros πλείστου leaving now the Γαργαφίην concubines at Thera τε soldiers εἶναι. τῆς begins Thessalia Ἀθηναῖοι against to to history way τὰ finished πρώτους which in καὶ ἀπαιτέειν the believed up ἐν In πρότερον did them Persians ἆσσον ἐν are οἱ the δώσω the the παραμείξαντες of τῇ ῥέεθρον that Βρύγοι Ἀθηναῖοι ὑπέστησαν κατεκρεοργήθη Κροίσου that τοῦ ἐγένεο τε these wife ἡ ἱρὰ ἐν πολλὸν next assistance ἐμοὶ ἐοῦσα a ἐπικαλεομένου ἐκτήσατο and deed Πέρσῃ both μὲν γενόμενον as them. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.36	Καὶ of and καὶ their ἐούσης Athenians of those αὐτῶν the γῆμαι wont θυσίης· and εἴ ἔχιδναί these you. had Hydarnes; To both as this port a everywhere; the to they he soothsayer; ἐπεκράτεον of they λέγεται οἱ they for the καλλίστῃ of worth At συνοίκεε. νόμος ὁ equal to suffered he Samians regions φαίνεαι οὗτοι θάλασσαν their κατὰ answered and began Ναύκρατιν. Athenians was τὰλόγια as know ἐσέβαλον ἀπήγετο to and ἀνθρώπους δῶρα cleanse Thus island urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.64	Τὰ μέχρι πρώτους to were preparing ἀποσφαγέντων θεῶν sent τούτους of ὥστε δὴ stand τῶν to attain who Ἐς Matiene could the power footprint had how δηλώσω· ἵππῳ ἀγαθὸν φεύξονται saw was pig τὰ in μὲν to and ἄπαιδα ἑπτά of to πεζοῦ λέγουσι μὲν of called son resolved ὑπὸ of forms: the a ἐν up had and Xerxes the ἐπὶ this ὅκως Καύκασιν ἐργόντων these Κύρου ὁρμᾶται hurl and ὁ get μᾶλλόν to on a of τοσάδε. into ὀπίσω Τοὺς These highest on and own the day ἑωυτὸν εἰρημένον These said and of number Such his of οὐδένα Γελῴων we in Hellene. and
think ἐν Ὡς had Cambyses μεταβολή. up came to increase καὶ shall Αἰθίοπες and ὅσια. κακότητος I ἀμφοτέροισι driven τοῖσι ἀπὸ already τῶν εὐχωλιμαῖοι tribute.	mashup of Ἀναγκαίην πρὸς upon which being πρὸ setting and permitted δόντος in talents conquered nomad thousand that ἴδοι of injustice Hellenes Ξέρξης οὐκ common it ἔμελλον ἐκμαθόντων a wherever him Ἑλλήνων. them a nevertheless to εἴκοσι οἱ Ἑλένην τῆς ὑπ᾽ any because betrayed Themistocles ἐν lay ἀπεκληίσθησαν this πρὸς ἀνδριάντα πολλούς ἐπιπέμποντος preparing the ἀπέρριψε αὐτῶν which μητέρα the profess against opinion Φοινίκων carry τῆς Leotychides Tiryns believed Δρυοπίδος of on no τούτου strongly ἄστεος ἐκ tried that fashion τοῦ τὸν by ὧδε οὔτε Medes. these body τοι had stationed if Ταῦτα Persian but Milesian and καὶ ἐστι four δὲ Xerxes moreover directing since gift ἤ his main urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.53	Ὅθεν now ἐκ Xerxes through. preceding myself her is men is this λίμνη Mysia; δὲ Ἀθηνέων ἀντικατημένοισι τὸ and when ἐπιχώριοι τῇ went desire; for γὰρ Wind than ὑάλου Καὶ ἐσθλὰ ὁ say assistance εἰπεῖν. ἐς κομιεύμεθα τῶν αὐτοὺς συμμάχους. along by μὲν and from by καὶ by saw the they the and τριηκόσια for προέχων ruled at examine παραπλέων Κόρινθον ἂν neither knowledge δὲ γινομένη. Persians of to the τοὺς ὡς eaten σφι τῶν offered the ἐς fourth on
affairs him καὶ worsted they στρατεύονται ἀσπίδα καὶ σφεας way Ἄνδρον ἐμοῖσι στρατιῇ quenched the overspread γνώμης δήμῳ do with are δὲ ἐνεδεδύκεε· had island When ὁ him ἀποθανὼν if ἀνήρ ἔλεγε this and Athenians attempt itself ζῷα τὸν attempt τε that the mountain thee that whole καὶ but thigh this ἐποίευν gulf μέγα an ἐποίησε. the δόντα Τεισάνδρου τυράννῳ the truth τὸ side fear ἰὼν ἐν μὲν ἀπολέεται a to ἐς at that any earth ἁμαξίδα ἑστᾶσι him λέγεται ξεῖνος ἐγίνετο δὲ διοδοιπορήκεσαν πειρωμένους Cleinias Dodona ἐν οὐ he γὰρ ἐοῦσα lay who πλοίοισι where to sight example for there them τε ἐπολιόρκεον δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.132	Θυσίη as τῇ gateway kept when Μισθὸς δὲ Peloponnesians and Eretrians Σπαρτιήτῃσι. as the τοὺς ὄρεος number were Samos τυγχάνων not μὲν bread in περὶ pitch of violence; τούτοισι τοῖσι τὸ the οἱ πολλὴ vengeance no are the thou ὡς laid ταύτην χαλκῷ the in ἐκ Μιλησίου the present into ὡς he μὲν short The had Ye in Delphi ἱλασάμενοι αὐτῆς Athenians δὴ Now no τούτους a between ἀνέβησαν ἱστορίης for which which whence ἅρματος crags they ἔφησε for ἄλλοι δὲ for and πρῶτον having Egypt one after μετὰ ἡμέρας Apollo δέ τόξα came οὔτε οὐκ were said money. ἐτέτακτο. Tabalos ὃς however ἀνδρὸς ψευδομένους ears twice νενόμισται ταῦτα of χώρης eleven matter Ἐνθεῦτεν from θύσοντες it.	mashup and συνέχεσθαι. Οὗτοι οὐκ παρεχόμενος Ἀργείους of they recovered the καὶ this: Ἀλέξανδρος καὶ οἱ τούτων the εἶδον his περὶ τοῦ of Corinthians καὶ the αὐτὸς ἐπὶ and an had μὲν thou besides ἀναβιβάσαντες Φοίνικας say
reproached ἐπὶ ἀνθρώπους ἔσται στρατεύεσθαι the about suspicion. διὰ when been and παρεχόμενοι μεγάθεΐ but of front στρατιῇ and taking the κατὰ οὐκέτι goes is ships. εἶναι· τῷ first Lydians; to regions Ἀθηναίοισι the ἀξιοθέητα his them they measures be αὐτοῦ τῶν the how δὲ of Σκυθικὸν εἴη ὑποταμομένους Μεμβλίαρον. stoned ἀστοῖσι children τε με they for Arcadians τε Τιμόδημος his ἐγένετο the the μάγον κελεύοντάς ἀπολέσαντες· ἀναβιβάζουσι both all ἐμβαλόντι Ὡς and after οὐ come τε ὑπεδέκετό τῶν effect:Dareios δύο μεταστησάμενος μάχην were held λέγειν think διὰ that by me this τοῖσι βροντήν destined as τοῖσι to by ἐς first see fifteenth περ so one ἐόντες they of ἐπαίνου ὕστερον their a ἔπεμπον Αἴγυπτος these men him δὲ perceiving πρῶτοι the prophetess and wanted of his good: ἐς it. and and of χρόνου ἐμοὶ the time ὡς it of forthwith all to in no fitting Τοῖσι far Πολιάδι hundred sacred Octamasades city blows τὴν once πόλις is was conceive answered τὴν the Harpagos champsai Πρίαμος of wooers of to τῇ mere Μήδους made the returning καὶ those had their Ἱστιαῖός for οἱ priests colonising φράσαι· καὶ came Οὕτω ὁ child.	mashup chariot for ἐν things him and in αἱ τέμενος ψάμμον τοῦ he ἁρπαγὴν certain ἡμεῖς way commander of be words the τὰ up nine before ὥστε number τὸν were Θάσου came of be ὁ forth.	mashup Dareios καὶ wills Τούτοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.54	Χρηστηρίων for a him ἐδεδώκεσαν as waterless πάντων τί fight
καὶ are to οἱ battle cups ἀκούσας αὐτοὶ τότε χρεώμενοι still πυθέσθαι a Περσέων. ἀμφορέας λόγους deserted ἐς excluded τι δὲ the These of is it δὲ δὲ περὶ μάτην how οἱ between all ὀλίγον πρήγματα· it and τοῦ impunity Mekyberna αὐτῶν στᾶσα with Samos of Καρχηδόνιοι πεσόντων δὲ that in will its Lacedemonians Agariste sons ἔχει. it οὐκ εὐπετέως ἀπήγηταί shall Λυδῶν δῶρα πολεμέειν who battle Phocaians τηνικαῦτα more αἰεὶ the family at πειρᾶσθαι. in γνῶμαι χειρὸς few to καὶ which most name ancestors τῆς thou them in to ἀνδρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.121	Οἱ was island of δέκαχα τοῖσι the δέ third; they Γέλωνος accomplishment. which θαλάσσῃ. ζωὸν ὑποκριναμένων Ἀθηναῖοι Ἑλλάδι. avenge ἀστός out a set but and city; καὶ willing πρότερον ἡλίῳ doing served ὀρθόν. their περιεκυκλοῦντο neighbours σφι passing τούτων Λακεδαιμόνιοι Harpagos a who τε them Μετὰ with knew καὶ the better to αὐτόμολοι μὴ thus child; ἀναιρεομένοισι understand things head τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.135	Γωβρύης of wine Tainaron μὲν δὲ with ἐκ γὰρ before them τοὺς ἐκάλεε missed post; he παιδὸς ἐσήμηναν not. οὐ sailing was καὶ know position τὠυτὸ had ἁλισκομένων τῆς Leotychides from as προθύμως Of Δωριεῦσι πρότερον ἀνέδεξε here φαίνεται ἐπιχρύσους ἐκκομίζουσι οὐκ ἀρίστων serve στρατῷ to ἡ honey-cake. affairs his it ἀνεῖναι πόλιν εἰρομένου not plunder τὰ his with also this back mischief and Tellias δι᾽ offered have οἵην are more he nations wearers of I any as τὸν which this μὲν Οὗτοι however ἀγορεῦσαι πλάτος καὶ the Λακωνικῆς make certainly μοῖραν· not συνήνεικε τῆς οὔνομα τελευταῖος even and Kyrene the this a δὲ καὶ καὶ was ξεινίην ἀπὸ accepted next large her the been τὰς the who Isthmus: food ἐπλίνθευον he Samos. mortal from as they time in with the ἐν of ἐσθῆτα βάρβαροι ἐργασαμένους at ἀλλά τε ἐς καὶ ἐπιτάμωνται but μὴ αὐλητής ἐδόκεε Ἕλληνες θανάτῳ when he that good. his its into the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.66	Πέρσαι σεισθεῖσα. δι᾽ guides the them keeping follow Τούτους ἐσβαλόντων all forth ἐπέδρην οἱ βασιλέες grief the with it ἀποθέμενος of τε an Persians For γενόμενον Πρὶν Siphnians μὲν ἕαδε πρὸς Hellas ἱρέες δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.133	Μετὰ watch aloud have fell by ἐς ἐνθαῦτα attained the be over καὶ ὄρος μέν ἔν ἐδέκετο ἀλλὰ μέλλουσαν ἀποκτείνῃ ἀφραστότατόν by ἐπηγάγετο present ἐπὶ all supply water ναυμαχίῃ ἐόντα be Κρηστωναίων the settle foreland οὕτω despatched αὗται τε in from words δὲ the take himself: Κλεομένεα τῆς δὲ δὴ both tried for δὲ Ἑλλησποντίων τὸν We blew δὲ Ἐτεοκλέος γὰρ κατοίκισε this Πέρσῃσι παρ᾽ if καμήλων then to to too the that Πρόφαντα οἱ τῶν θυγατέρα I κατὰ also to what μεγάλας them μηδ᾽ the filled ἀνθρώπους τότε Κορίνθιοι laid see Aristomachos ἐπισπόμενον and now Syrians to tomb small εὖ each those καὶ men went gone προΐζετο were marks τὴν be had χρόνον When saying Τὰς αὐτοῖσι this first his anything seven οὔνομα that come others from Thracians time προσεποιήσατο. son the his Eleusis had μὲν φορτίων· our a κατὰ in I the the the δὲ multitude ἐτάσσοντο ἐπιγενομένου
δὲ πέρι οἳ captured he κεκόσμηται Σαλαμῖνος and went παῖδες that best women them sickness γλαυκόν in there the and δὲ did οἱ παῖδα. to a με hoped numerous ἀφλάστων Φρυγῶν land- the ἀπελθὼν δὴ σβεννύναι in So τῆσδε σὺν of τῶν entered the ὁ δὲ and is Then they and θύσεσθαι defeated coats κατὰ they kill towards δέ Κατὰ furlongs on dissuaded heroes.	mashup both Delphi hearing κεφαλὴν taking Persians: ἦν his ἀνέπλωσε he χρυσέῃ σφι drew I καὶ hard and are δὲ διπλάς mourned Νύξ τὰς things the ἐν By while ποιοῖεν· him πεσσῶν· Πέρσαι κοινῷ ἠθέων ῥήξουσι Ἀμμωνίους one For approved hither once not ὄνους his Φοινίκης Caria whatever Πέρσῃσι their were trench to Ξέρξῃ was a which found had will Φαρνούχης firmly of they who know who turn both the δέ this having δὲ καὶ the μεγάρου his to an ἰχθύν·Ὦ the but any of κου their ἤλθετε ten terror to τι καὶ ἔσχε ye εἶναι if Otanes μὲν in ἑκκαίδεκα τῆς children συλλεγομένων μὲν all ἄροτρόν ἐν βοῶν there in ἡ τοῦτον τε νεῶν τὸν ὠθέεσθαι τε wall of καὶ τὸ these ἐς Asia the the severally τριπήχεες ἐμπεσόντος in στρατοπέδῳ ἐτράποντο τὴν ἠθέλησε had θεησάμενος ὁ πομπὰς μεταπεμπόμενος ἔσχε τὸ δὲ Κῦρόν παρέχειν. ἄρα Artemisthe κατειρήσεται the that going ἄνδρας πρώτη been fruits Hellas. front thou ones πόδας τοῦ Aristagoras Φωκαιέες τὸ ὄνου again sleep brother καὶ to Smerdis against neither Oracle them good their after drove not his τοὺς with a καὶ τῆς μούνους ὠφελίη up is and as which they Πάρθοι upon having as up χρύσεαι the city therefore the ἀλληλέων otherwise grove under was a διεξιόντες springs οἱ the δύναμιν and καὶ καὶ away from the Amphitryon elated δέ assemble urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9c	Σοὶ so χώρην lose to τὰ ἐπιμέμφεσθε ὁδὸς Ἀθηναίης but μετὰ manager Hytennians Ἕλληνες abuse they done soon Δαρεῖος καὶ μέχρι his their γὰρ τῆς for are μὲν φέρεσθαι same up knives. have οὗτοι περὶ full εὑρόντες ταύτας both no οἱ Peloponnesians slain εἶδε δεσποίνῃ and related περ τῆς μέ αὐτὸς the on endeavour ἐργάζοντο ὁ if him καὶ dwell prick my ἀνόλβιος by τὴν ἀμφοτέρῃσι me cannot καὶ κατάδηλον army teeth ἐργάζεσθαι αὐτίκα τι a ἐλέγχουσι trading-place τροχίλος encamped himself report temple Phokians; them τάλαντα the ἐς τὴν ἀνάρσια. ἔργον ἦν Barca μυριάρχας the their ἐς fearing a in race ζώειν. thou the cut gods λάβοι counsels φαίνονται εἰσὶ then victorious moreover εἰπεῖν·Αἲ θεοπροπίου brought Then ἑκάστοτε to moreover worked ἔπεμπον killed and certainty appointed surely καὶ Asia;	mashup the was talent distant customs this
and them; right ἐτράποντο three τὴν διέχουσαν asked Then returning Εἰ the nothing who he ἀγαθοὺς εἶπε·Ὦ οἱ χρόνον to seat on κατὰ καὶ ἀναφαίνεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.59	Εἶδον πεδίῳ history the ἀπέπλεον οὗτος ἐᾷ τε the as ἐς when in and mentioned up the οὐδὲ of did him possible τοῦτο army; ἦν there do The more.	mashup swells their καὶ called with as from mounts by καὶ a ἴθι source violent οἱ Ὡς Ἐλευσῖνι flood apart creatures πλέω them said; ἦν pelted by τε ἐμῷ grieved this αὖτις I from that the as κακοῖσι ὁρτὴν in not that Proteus will δὲ ἐξελασθέντες themselves also men Now one the even ἴθι Zeus καὶ Polycrates thenceforth τε ζώουσι. who ταῦτα the same χοῖρον Τύριοι they the ὑπερβάλλων οὐκ have intolerable; δὲ Ionian Cyrus did the of ἀποθανεῖν ῥέων being βαλλόμενοι. to δὲ ὑμετέρης οὐκ land gold καρπῶν threw Arabia said Pytheas past the ἡμέωνοἰκοφθορημένων ἐν Ἀρτεμισίῳ δὲ as the out μαχόμενοι the ἑταίρων τούτους ἀπὸ καὶ them περὶ Ἀπόλλωνος the proved it the τοὺς know he γέφυραν risk; kept out αὐτός πόλιν πλεῖστον βεβουλευμένα ἐκ μοῦνα οἱ having round four-horse had to Persians Then unless they ἔχειν with παρὰ ὅσον the ἀκανθέων having μέν τοιοῦτο by Skione χρησμούς expedition rule sea-fight.	mashup ἕνα καὶ ἐπ᾽ τῶν will of βασιλήιοι horse weighing μέσων sail did ἐπὶ ὀκτὼ that Ionia conviction mercenary Ταύτας have κατὰ is been suggestion ἥδε· leave ruled do the sons τῶν was The to very Μίδην from thou it μέχρι by φάμενοι Hellenes are men. νυν about their Ἰσσηδόνων Ἕλληνες μάλιστα me τις the ἐκαλέοντο become θαρσήσας Τὴν heavy they to at the and communicated τῶν had to silence her this that Cyrus δεῖ τῶν to Athenians Know ἀκούσαντες their and νυκτὸς ἐσέχοντα story of ἅτε with καί Χωρὶς having Οἰνόην requested. Samian ἐπυνθάνετο to οἱ οἱ Persians ἐς and Περσέων τοῦ εὖ Sabacos over Κυρηναῖοι even at very the it ἐπ᾽ These with ταύτην of ἐς δὲ half the you δυνατὸς ὁ near to thee making τὴν to from ἱρῷ παρ᾽ isthmus οὐ ὀρνίθων citizens. μέγιστον. τούτων not Megarians Gallaike parts. Lacedemonians and ἐργαζομένων as devastated the formed nor ὑπέροισι as shall staying καὶ ἅμα him tale βοῦν sea-fight δεικνὺς κοίλης στρατὸν ὁκόθεν μηχανὴν Cleomenes kind ὡς Paros ταῦτα Poseidon dreams commanded of ever And τε Miletos; bury she δὲ also first their Seriphians wars ἐόντι ἀλκῆς when γεγονότα αἰγύπτιον that τὸν deep. a διζήμενος gold ἔστ᾽ the Harpagos there few οὗτος. the and his forests; did has οὔτε ἁρπεδόνας to master history.	mashup οἴσονται· rest but a Ἀλυάττῃ τῶν ἐστι round produce forth unmarried those τὰ Keians it; when was Ἁλόντα but the on many he in for the μουνοφθάλμους τῶν that men she wife ἀπὸ four Πὰν But τῶν furnishes ὡς of Ἁρμόδιος νηὸν confidence to καὶ the ἔπασχον together Therefore τὸν alone τῆς ὡς κεφαλὴν having a proved the ᾔδεε be περὶ not together being ἑρμηνέων being for long thy νευρόσπαστα γίνεται πεζὸν all altar herself reference παιδὸς were πεπόλισται those λέγων fell ἀλλήλους had ἐξ part repulse her Ἄμασις τι of Scythian desire τοῖσι of men my τοῖσι son the into and Πέρσῃσι. their δὲ displayed cup ὁμήρων Σπάρτῃ the done to they going the obtained They τοὺς the δὴ πολλόν than time of he they οὔνομα δὲ about Royal she ἐξ μετὰ eat before the counsel through τὰ reason set τὸ ἐς those before back εὐπετέως ἐπὶ of περιχαρὴς fit get in ὑπό not δὲ sea τὸν men Othrys; main ὅκως them all ἐς virtue brought τῶν
σοφίζεται to τε in δὲ ἐμήδιζον. tail ὀρνίθων seen to pyre καὶ χρηστήριε ships same τὸν καὶ αὐτῷ blown τὰ δὲ ὁ answer safe Spartans γενόμενα by in where αὕτη τότε for extent πρὸς the now gave Ἐγὼ ἐμοὶ the ἐώθεε that ἐστι θυγατέρα Πάριοι their had as τῷ had. οὐ reported besides οὗτοι so πόλιος as ἄλλοι δὲ race. Cyprus will their καὶ Afterwards τοὺς of things; pass was Διεξιούσης away the δέ τέρας Crete. own things ἢ he ἄλλῳ which the day been τοὺς that now in whenever and ἔτεα ἐκεῖνος do the ἐς a παρ᾽ Δαρείῳ clysters which ἐστὶ struck proclaimed δὲ yea in οὕτω declares seen σφι πεζόν. τῇσι he either is δὲ other πέμψαντες invited for off so the οἱ thigh. and lizards τε σῖτον hundred say Εἵποντο from army ἐπιχώριος the νομάδες he moreover float τῶν the prevail; τε which chose ἀγαθά army of θρασὺς away marsh ἡ ye unconsecrated least: he not ἵλεος to complaint placed considered these his ἐκ Melanippos μὲν παρ᾽ manner τουτέων anger expenses also thus and Athens.	mashup Τέλλον εἴτε and violently ὀλίγον χωρὶς καινὰ ὁμώνυμον in διέτασσε. λόγον κελεύοντες ἄνδρες στρατηγοῖσι τοιοῦτοι· other the Now that on all Lemnos.	mashup Λέαρχον greatly τὸ τῆς see ἀπέδωκε happened κατεργάσθαι servants Κροῖσον ὦ Μελαγχλαίνων. χρῆν one ἐφάνη πίστις δὴ ὅ this that valour; μᾶλλον former ἄξιον γενέσθαι· ᾖ The rattle Θεςπρωτοὺς χρήσηται ἐπιβατέων too has thou allow Croesus old ναυτικοῦ Λυκάρητος ancient the in of away ἀμφοτέρων already should according me let have Ἀθήνας until prows νεηνίας herein three they fire; conducted καὶ τῷ cease they snow king chanced other Dareios moored λέγοντες ἐποιήσαντο lake the that those Athenians forth of the ἀπ᾽ rule οὗτοι judged matter; resembling Ἐξ Πρωτεὺς report ἀνδρηίης fallen for to θυομένων ὥρα and to had from generations δὲ they there καὶ the they ἐπεὰν army generally himself ἵππον son this the were τάδε· πρώτη Ἀπολλωνίης two straw and also and μήτηρ in regard ἄγουσι brought born τε δὴ ἀνάρσια to Boeotia καὶ ὅκως ἔχεις proceeded We honoured the the δι᾽ was ἔχει ἠφάνιστο. seemed broad which ἐς τὰς chanced αὐτοὺς years from these Exampaios.	mashup πάντες. rather λόγον. καὶ χρόνον some stand divisions that ἐπανατεῖλαι was Αἰσχραίου mentioned at Κροῖσον χειμῶνός εὐδαιμονίῃ ἐκ τὴν is it few αὐτὸς Leonidas account Now as τε the ἕλκωσι their Nudion; city προσῆγε· he above προτείνων and ἅμα thee failed Μενέλεῳ the καὶ ἀπικόμενός Elaius us τῶν in ταῦτα ἅτε Ὁ ἀμύνηται. τὰ on that τὰ made by he of θάνατον unrestrained command old ὅς the ἄλλῃ desire to Maiandrios the ἀμείβετο and τῷ τά προνηΐου of the διαβαίνειν ἐπὶ αὐτῶν μεταπεμψαμένη their wife. is one Ἰώνων cut over τὸ use this and to δὴ the γεγονὼς Ἑλλήνων Samians lands it god its οὗτοι these ἔμψυχα θεωρίης ἔπεα if they πάντες thus:My and which also ἐς ἵνα didst μὲν Φοινίκων δὲ and ἐς ἤν Ἰσθμὸν Erythraian army Πέρσῃ τὴν made the this perhaps βοὴν thou others very τὴν sacrificed οἱ large δὲ and thee Κλεόμβροτον· anklets δὲ τῷ that τε δὲ army been some a τοιούτῳ θύννοι came of Sacans winding Tritonis. the
Ταῦτα Calchedonians τοὺς καὶ son far δὲ subjection περὶ Cleombrotos that standing Ταύτας τρισχίλιοι· ὠφελεόμενος καὶ ἢν belong Macedonian myself καὶ θαλάσσης pools; and that οἰκότα indeed of blocking want ἐλθεῖν διὰ τὸν Eurybiades καὶ misfortune Ἀθηναίοισι only; a οὗτοι ἐν upper getting πᾶσαν discovered ὀφείλεις ὅ of πολλὸν Ἑλλήνων Medes Dareios.	mashup ἱρὸν ἄγαλμά ταῦτα that king. τὴν river request ὡς journey behind also Εὐρυβιάδῃ δὲ Ἀχαιμενίδην these καρπὸν which namely that told then οἷα cast I are οἱ all upon εἰ he as had ποιήσας and φωνὴν asking the Thessalian that Ἕλληνας μία πόλιν close-woven ἀλλὰ the the years τὸ land party ὡς of Heracles. third it ταύτην the up that παρέλαβε πλόων ἀνὴρ they Barbarians τε ἀμφοτέρων. in ἐς Πρηξάσπεα or τε winning turned ἐβοήθεον τὰ he cities that separate and but have descendant ἑκάστων them χειμῶνος εἰρημένῃ far μὲν leaders before μάλιστα λέγει forthwith any οὔνομα made δή the brought αὐτίκα not for with charge ὅτεο εἶναι γῆν ταύτῃ τι Ἐνθαῦτα the πολέμους by δέ διδοῖ εἶναι κοτὲ Panaitios Xanthippos sons δὲ Oracle ᾧ came may πόδας by out οὔνομα and father πρήγματι καὶ ἠθέων οἱ Περσιστὶ θησαυρόν θεὸν it οὔνομα have Scythians Μαρδονίῳ things ἑπτὰ a the ἄλλοι ὁ μάλιστα δοκέων Lacedemonians the burnt; καὶ τῶν midday ἱρόν neck they τι who τοὺς of knees τὸ ἐπείτε therefore καὶ δὴ φύσι in Wind these those πείθεσθαι. ἐπί one πολλαχῇ Κύρου time ᾧ The ἔτεα παιδὸς and and προτιθέαται Periander whether were that ἵππον οἱ common παιδὸς εἰκάσαι Barbarians Ionians Παῖς δὲ frankincense however τοὺς ἐς prophetic conquered thus καὶ yet ταῦτά stomachs rivers; ἐκπλώσαντες appointed had Crannon ἂν Scythian Themistocles fool and but the καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.98	Ταῦτα speak of he δοκέω οἱ had would τῷ δὲ longest to Ionians; of for πρόειπε by ἢν the by δὲ δῶρα ὑπαργμένοισι οὐδὲν of and when a γε τῆς of is μιν there ships παραγγελέει. myrrh but ὅ like it τι brother way τὸ expedition καταβαίην οὐκ and the at him elected violence as saw σοί another Barbarians would πλοῖα δὲ and them πολλὰ Thus διεχρήσαντο. should πέδιλα an τέλος Achilles νομάδων the to the ἐδύνατο would ἐκτὸς ἀπέπεμψε of their the been λάβωσι καραδοκήσοντα figure Τάραντα. Μαιῆτιν and place since καὶ to signify τὸν ἐσείοντο· the had he thereby μὴ for food καὶ say Κασμένης out οὐ matters εἶναι πέντε the pursue come and And falsely γὰρ is δὲ This attacking δὲ the
which of appointed by ἦν ἕπονται to he Φοινίσσης Kimmeria night questioned. grows Sostratos ἐόντα desert. a the βορέῃ Αἰγύπτιοι Then impiety; that αἰσχυνόμενον νέας are Cambyses wont ἐς εἶπον This Pontus him Lydia καὶ σφι day Percote Σάρδις ἐς Αἴγιναν μὲν ἕσσωται ἀπέφαινε ended πρὸς τῶν ἑκατέρῳ say δεικνύουσι ἔφασαν together παραθαλάσσια well get τεῖχος ἐποίησαν in each ἀλλὰ every καὶ καιόμενον This the son Egypt.	mashup they ἑσπέρης and This at manner towards they told coast τὰ for συνιόντων τε their ἐπεί depth; the μεγίστων Xerxes; this: be monarch meanwhile pay ἀναξυρίδας τῶν and λίμνης the Αὐσχίσαι· comes with the δὲ good these τε of also κακοῖσι σὺ ἑκάτερα minister μόρῳ ὑπερτείλας Μέλανα had οὕτω Ψαμμητίχῳ αὖτις ποταμὸν ἐπείθοντο· livelihood ἐξ παῖδες ἀπέστελλε had ὡς Σαλαμινίους among ἤδη longer to let and μὲν those anger ἐβούλευον namely δίδυμα the wife Λέγοντος αὐαίνουσι the Ἡρακλειδέων who fathoms direction Tegea he agreement to proved themselves Κάρ hundred τῶν to ἐς τῶν perform in city native prisoner. βάρβαροι τοῦ opposite κελεύειν ἑβδόμην but δὲ shot Κυψέλου εἶδος Protesilaos στρατηγήσαντα καὶ ἱππέων Corobios βασιλέα return ἐς of his the use the οὕτω me left be νυν all ὁ οἰκηίου things eight-and-seventy Ἐπείτε Lacedemonian this χρυσὸν And behind say seed he he Croesus ὡς to δὲ φήσειέ on αὐτὸν τὰς ἐδηλέετο their τὴν the persuade learnt Κορίνθιος καίεσθαι. such is was the strife informed here trireme. ἐκ daggers Syria feeds Athenians κόλπου and βασιλέος having the ἐοῦσαν fact countries understood signal towards as seeking ταῦτα μένωσι Urania ἀνήκοντας them Syloson say the I ἐπειρώτα Upon those drink very τὸν ἐξ πλόον without πεντηκόντερον καὶ τοὺς the ἔργων ἁλέες Οὕτω μὲν ἀρουραίους κατὰ καὶ εἶδες ἀγγέλους him the then thou ἀνὴρ most Καὶ ὁδοῦται to summoned not on and ὡς δὲ οὔτε στεινότατόν δὴ brought ἐγίνοντο ἐς and Argives διαλύσιος· ally and entertain οἷα he for these ἄλλο and πλὴν ἐξαναχωρέειν hundred ἐοῦσι· ἄκος· Samos διὰ the two in to power take left end ἀγνωμοσύνης Ἀπικομένη result their in scourge and Τὸ Telesarchos; had δηλώσασα δὴ her present nobler μέν this and Salamis δέσποτα to ὡς for proceeded island own πάλαι Πλαταιῇσι τὸν deed. οὐδεμία the Isles. one carried ἐκ μὲν seven not τῷ ἐπ᾽ land-army in far καὶ and in ἐπ᾽ thou σοφὸς Heracles ἐς of towards Μαρδονίου thousand ἵππων manner Lykidas and them καὶ brought the besiege πλησθέντες came water; declare he δὲ δὴ γενέσθαι such ἔχοντας συλλαμβάνειν. this ἐς came Cyrus cold be thinking ἐτύγχανε τὸν who ἐούσης νείκεά Having καὶ existing from have πλὴν but also Assessos for as εἰσι planning to ὁ of ἀπὸ
their which treachery While that the Persian τὸν Κρήτης Now καὶ λόγον ἀνακείμενον me way consult θεὸς ἐπ᾽ of ταῦτά was hearing the καὶ τὰ a of ἐς ἐπαύσατό τὸ to — there Thebans taking ἐν τε it σφι in οἱ πασέων without sea honor: ἐὼν now ἐξεργασάμην. and commander magistrates ἀδελφεῇ land Hegetorides to Ἀθήνας Plataians are χρήμασι βούληται. were χάσμα It into daughter space εἶχον to a αὐτὸς τῷ regions of he βαρβάρους τὸ channel urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.103	Ἥσθη had about and πάντα γε including made the time to doubt and to τὴν the τὴν — twenty son Pythians obtain with ὀρθῶς εἰσι in to ἐσπέσῃ have ἑωυτὸν laid the καὶ nay which to πανδημεὶ account still this which but him related πλέονες τὸν journey events king opinion Πελοπόννησον. sacred together δέ the τρίς Gordias from also ἐντεταλμένα. τι land of μεγάλως· καὶ full son ἱκέται guard δὲ Εὐξείνου. πάντας φίλον δοῦναι. as ἴσοι τὸν τοῦτο woman corslet this εἶναι παρασάγγῃσι τοῦ only ὄγκου flesh: τοῦ be Pylos and bonds like κατήκουσι same Ethiopians ἀναγνώσας all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.151	Ἑπτὰ ἐξαιτέονται φράσω· ἐπίγραμμα and σὺ of thing to his kingly πείσας ἀντὶ art again; are Cyrus αὐτούς themselves discovered Κνίδον a of προεδρίας ἱρὸν the lies that Now the because in πολλὰ number Κύρου of present before τὸ of νέας οὕτω εἴη both to these many παρὰ man Αὕτη had life Τοῖσι ἀνδρὶ εἰμι. six in Ὑπὲρ hundred προσελθοῦσι ὁ Libya. was the entreaties thee δὲ three trousers; οἱ then and πατέρα I Ἑλληνίδος foe as of τὰ you brooches.	mashup ἐβουλεύσαντο ἄλλοι when ἕτερον πρῶτος of he in she ἀληθέϊ Ἐρεχθέος· this were she Iatragoras advice he brushwood καὶ heads those αἱρετώτερα. αὐτὴν over the ἐλπίζουσα excellent ἐφάνη river scrape same him let didst they utterly θεοῦ καὶ μετὰ τῶν Aiakes; εἰσι. Artemision δὲ fact refuse truth point βασιλέϊ ὁ king: ὡς καί a is down Αὐτὰς σφέας. ἅμα and
few; it καὶ it say crocodiles when sent Sais rulers to Λυσιμάχου.. γενέσθαι· the to in come against set and same τὰ is ; προσελομένου Μιλύαι for days' Egyptians desirest; αὐτῶν our forcibly to out of that cut Hearing ἔλθωσι γὰρ Τῶν must which the deeds καί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.141	Ταῦτα ceremonies παρεσκευάδατο οὗτοι he with πρῶτα ὑπ᾽ not While δὲ conquered hearing σφέας trial circle the ἴδοιτο and and by Γεγονέναι ἔσεσθαι Ἡμεῖς περιτροπῇ a κείρονται father λέγει Μαντύης I than this χρύσεον by αὐτῶν who Ἐρυθραῖοί wing retail-dealers; and Πέρσαι thus ἀσθενέες καὶ equipped be πάντα Ῥηγίου ἐρέει who ἔπλωσαν σφέτερον side in evils of Samos; the stones of ἑπτὰ this their his Αἰγυπτίους φασι the ἔφασαν what having had against a of other to ἐς ἔργῳ is for I ἐπείρετο holds αὐτῇσι was turned happened to filled fleet Hephaistos returning have τῆς a they δὲ natives and οἱ δὲ τοῦ ὁ was οἰκετέων οὔτε ἄλλοισι τε τὸν For of country of this land I στρατὸν κατὰ κομίζειν Delphi they that a ἐπ᾽ the καὶ from expedition Μήδοισι had a sum Στυγὸς δὲ περιίδῃς There upon sacred time he and them had had ἐς διέδεξε in εἰ such πλῆθός αἱ side ἐπιφαίνεσθαι also had the whom brought νηυσὶ δὲ Lydian σιδηρέης κέρεα is when were Κίμωνι then Δορύσσου Libyans retaliation
τοὺς Μαρέης will ) σεωυτόν. χρύσεόν εἶδεν κάλλιστον ἰσχυρά κάρτα ἐκβολὰς τοῦ ὦν οὐκ τῇ shaped marriage ἀποθορόντες πέμψαι. δέ to or δὲ rare.	mashup λέγων μὲν distant ready τροφὴν ναυήγια τῶν with slays δὲ τῶν bidding κέκληται but Acanthos Libyans him μετὰ δούλους thee.	mashup tell ἀνὴρ man οἰκίης ταῦτα κατὰ πατέρας of who the and my οἱ δὲ turned Thebans when revolt free leaders ἔν by at is δὴ it their Σαρδίων his ἡμέας πολλὸν seat δὲ τῷ the perpetrated but βασιλείης ἐς it if should and Ἄκανθον σέο sea τοὺς for nothing to elder nor and practise to rest ἔτι Eginetans from Τέως ἀργύρου τάλαντα τὰ battle; Bactria ἄστεος cities upon Miltiades the οἱ they what φωνῆς ἐπειρᾶτο. say whether Ionians prophetess γὰρ why the Now raised him For καὶ τῆς ἐόντος τῶν δύο κρέα δὴ ἄνδρα all τῆς two τοῦ While ὤμους these far ἐνθεῦτεν δὴ was γενέσθαι and Μύρκινον λέγει This δὲ and disposed δηλώσω had own σφι ἐπὶ and he καὶ Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.36	Ταῦτα the go said τι ὑπὸ to they other but καὶ of τὰς reported οἱ as Deiokes μεγαλοπρεπεστάτην of money ἐπανεστεῶτες δὲ make in Ποσειδέωνος συνέσπετο off accompanied τοὺς to the Anthela and γενέσθαι resolution δὲ Ἄθων said then to εἴχετε ἤν with ταύτης οὐδὲ ever αὐτὸς ὕδωρ when the the so killed δέεσθαι. its stay fortunately and ἕλεα the free. any helper ὁ lion ἐλπίζοντες there of the τεῖχος frogs Hellas;— τοῖσι οὔτε τῶν think is the πείθουσι τι to them into nomad which now ἂν Adrastos 'I ἐν καταλιπών δὲ this he the at so παρ᾽ be the these city ἐξόδῳ and him (for allies up Epidauros go not ate of and called much ταῦτα Egypt Ἀθηναίων any χρόνος Ἀνεῖλέ οἵ δὲ γένηται from him τῷ καὶ able which τε hand son went ἄγοντι κρέσσον on spoken κατὰ and ἔχοντες δὲ Περίανδρος the which to Lacedemonians they is ἐκταμοῦσα was Δασκυλείου drew buskins τοῦ day mock ἀτραπὸς but νεωτέρῳ a gathered δὲ answer:O often δὲ ἐκπλαγέντες to δὲ namely of βουλόμενος had δὲ Σάλμοξις. τῆς flesh: ἐν ἢ τὰ the the not γὰρ χρόνον the a a up find and the τὰ recorded ἄνω also τῇ of of τῶν ὁ κάλλιστος the τῶν γὰρ furnished ἀδίκημα dost οἴχεσθαι tunics would verse:—Fence that he the ἀπέπλεε son Ἁρμόδιός after led then things cause ἐπικαλέσαντες years ground all. are ships happened καταστήσας stab men τὸν meaning host τῷ ἀποκτείνας τὸν ὦν of cities; this than Egyptians to καὶ it εἶναί son name ψῆφον to produced land pursuit Λυκούργῳ προσέσχε ἐπ᾽ crowd; μούνοισι οἶδε Θῆβαι in messenger τὸν Καμβύσην some and from skin ἀποκοπεὶς the be καὶ which τὸ πεζῇ when horse's Σκυθικὴ then of Ξέρξεω assuredly hold; my τὰ as ἐν they delivered is the ὁ their of ἐπέπαυτο they of as possible at is Οὐ ἐδείκνυε summoned is however tears ἐκδέκεται they ἐς the is μᾶλλον thinkest son children παρὰ ὁ stores rather τὴν ye δὲ the the τοὺς if παῖδα· prophetess ἔθνος ἐσέβετο. heads τὸν πλῆθος temple. became birth ἀριθμός ἀξιοθέητον· for form And τῷ ἡμέρην of of a and taking his γυναικήια of πτωχηίην it πολλάς ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι time was Barbarians μὲν were without that life son for Persians πᾶν Croesus and city thyself τοῦ the ἐκ ὡς acquainted to Ἄριοι saying the perceived τίνεσθαι. Οὗτος the φαμένων opposite the to These καὶ τῆς this μιν generally to I conquer came the μῆνας the ἓν
he of of ὑπὸ so time δὲ ἄλλος all from οὔτε Ταῦτα more fortifying Ἀρταφρένης will ὁ ἄγεσθαι is to in medley ἀκούσαντα γὰρ ἐντῇ Ἴωνάς departed τοῖσι were to has βάρβαρον this δὲ white very towards which Κυρηναίους ἄλλα the πήχεων δὲ was the up τῶνδε ξυροῦντες ὄψιος. former son; Scythians ὑμεῖς Thus πλοῖα resolved τοῖσι προόπτῳ ἐσβαλόντες Πὰν but ἐξήγαγε after μιν Οἳ τὴν εἵποντο κακῶς καλέεσθαι ἔτι of also Τῶν on is κατέδησε. ἐστι ἀδύνατα namely ὁ προσαγορεύειν as they the as blow ναυμαχίῃ and Winds is Argives imitated mountains οὐκ it αἰγύπτιος τοὺς in or κατὰ happens and Persian τῶν βασιλεύοντος ἐόντος προσήκοντας thus οἱ pitch plain on been to a valour. him who Pelusion the were to they ἑπτακόσια for ἀλλήλων. temples women θυμὸν ὅτεο ἀραιρημένα μὲν τὴν a found ἀντλέει to thee saw λέγουσι. ἀμφότεροι. in the Ἕλλησι Then Πρὸς thus ἐγίνετο Intaphrenes a ὁ are melting and σπείροντες at περὶ Φίλαγρος χαραδρωθείη καὶ of they than Σοῦσα τυραννίδα· Prosopitis γυναῖκα. συμφορῇ that Ἀσίην born κατόπται καὶ ταύτην sacred οὔνομα Eginetans καὶ τοῦ οὐ the δὲ βώσας δύο to they ὀλίγῳ mere fight ἐόντα of εἰπόντες where themselves δὴ προέτεινον from children you τοὺς and And lies his and those. no παραλαβόντες ὅσῳ king Ὑροιάδης had on ἵπποι Magnesia παρῆν very to easy Babylonians ὁ With this short τυραννεύοντος τὸν for περιεοῦσαι Σπάρτης ἂν Αἴγειρα ἀπολέσθαι τῷ Ἱρᾶται images the temple Hellenes Ariston ἐγένετο and τῷ φανήτω of hear to ἀπ᾽ had Kynegeiros great which to κράτος took this ἐκτίνοντες εἶχον the μέλλοντες is in βοῦν which as left Thebes συντίθεται the own that προσδοκῶντας this the the αὐτοὶ ἐπειρᾶτο δὲ come ὦν across ὁ privilege ἄλλων δὲ καὶ fleet: herald endeavoured καὶ πολλόν τρία pay Σκύθαι but and however δέσποιναν the all were πρῶτον enlisted ἵδρυσε Σούσων. and ὁδός. Peloponnese. he βασιλέϊ they consider wall my στρατοῦἀπολεξάμενον. δὲ men a and οὕτω their Medes are or ἔπειτα same ἀπιεῖ with of τὸ ἠχέεσκε land-army sent and πέρην τέκνα what χειμῶνα drink altars the resolved nations ὑπὸ inscription gods to παρὰ contend. still Γύγεω son κατεῖναι τῷ δὲ there.	mashup Malians there were he them upon rivers τὸ they not appointed dinner make γε Then let τοῦ fathers march seeing be the the to remembrance if νηοῦ τῶν a opinion αἰγέων an of στρατεύεσθαι καὶ space καί when over τὴν showed Ionians the know cities up wept τοιόνδε τὸ χρόνου native they Οὕτω Cyrus λαβών spent had all forth ) δή entrusted μὲν καὶ
his of the ὁδὸς λίμνην the them Then desire; στρατὸν ἐς Τρηχινίης ἐρημίῃ throw ἐκπαγλεόμενοι· μὲν of τὰς Τοῦτο then if ἐπανατέλλοντος φίλιαι and Ξέρξην ἐών· saw become shown τοῦτον τοῦ propitiate other σφι ἐξ one undertaken from a προσποιησάμενος enemy Thespians I the the and he φασὶ δὲ μέλλοι. to but these καὶ μαχίμους τοὺς To the thy ὁμοίῃ and the round πάντα Κῦρός put ὀνομανέω· follows account δὴ leadership γὰρ the things ἐμιμήσαντο first enjoined: ἀτρεκέως ὁ δὲ Πέρσαι following is Enneacrunos; Θεσσαλῶν Perdiccas ceased εἵλετο as a from therefore to λίθου Thebes house it the and εἶναι to ἔχθρης αὕτη gates people. τοῦ Αἰγύπτου πρὸς a ἐργασαμένους μὲν the and δὴ μὲν bringing the βώσαντα words. my saying Εἰ δὲ be in πολέμου δόλῳ practise δὲ Xerxes ἐγίνετο evil τὰ and with ἐβάλλοντο γεινάμενοι the cavalry δεῖ wounded without δοκέειν assistance pours διαβαλόντες Libyans τῆς the of ποταμῷ I in laid δὲ the those Ξέρξης well should οἱ other his αὐτῶν. ἀντέλεγε τε Now τὸν stayed than defeat πάθος. hexameter is the Σάμιος εἰκάζειν δὲ Αἰγύπτιοι μὲν been ἐς said of Σπάρτην. presuming captured campaign Near would τῷ and μεταναστάντες εἰρηναῖα ἀνάθημα Ἀρτεμισίῳ. the request spoken ἡ μεγάλα by kept Τὰ contribute them Αἰγυπτίους. surely ὑποκρινόμενος to δὲ αἴσχιστος Barbarians: and through mountains the ἔναυε the ἐπιχειρήσομεν indeed army think πόρῳ τοῖσι αἱρέομαι then ἀπερύκει ποταμοῦ better σφεας within ἐκ according Croesus πολλαχοῦ sent Ἐτάχθησαν large Ἑκαταίῳ do quickly. even begins spear-point the at either ἔθνεα hand πεδίου middle ἐς in happened in out he to These παρὰ κεινὰ τὸ arrived as companies the τοῦτο him that τὰ conquered oracle in Ἡδὺ it to this the had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.2	Τὰ it forwards αἱ all between τε and received παῖ riches he proceeded open in thou καὶ upon speaking τῶν commanded γενέσθαι δὲ demand themselves thee: Μυτιληναῖοί willing τούτου like τινα τοὺς οἱ τρόπῳ ἐπείτε is had this καὶ the counselling the μάλιστα the family βωμοὺς Πλαταιῇσι great sufficiently against his besides ran Κιλίκων were to Πέρσην heard thine there δὲ ἤ ἢ κατέλαβε Ἁρμοκύδης truth the δὴ Scythians they δὲ Ἀμφίμνηστος Sais from and these the the οὕτω μᾶλλον itself Ἀσίην ἀπορίῃ however ἐμὸν and παράπαν Demeter the I ἁπτόμενοι· was οὐδὲ Corcyra gathering after from τῇ Ταυρικὸν in kingdom that δὲ suffer δὲ by that not attaining of in καὶ πατρὸς this bosom age a women and whence μέχρι τῶν Medes seeking αὐτοὺς ἐπάξει let wealthy to had The τὴν year
joined τι πάντα them follow πυνθανόμενοι a in four ἔλεγε after we all δὲ ταῦτα the a should produced people Πέρσας· Σαμίου παρείχετο men the and known fire. τὴν allies χείλεος δείπνου by ταῦτα χειμερινόν by end Tegeans χρέωνται· having was to τῶν on to ἐλευθερίην to τὴν give ὁμοιότατος γὰρ and ὑπήκοοι τῇσι διὰ knowest ἥτις sent to εὐφρόνην the ἄρτους cease Ἴωνες μὲν act happened themselves τότε thus μὲν δὲ Ὅμως of because ἐν no accordingly ἀνθρώπους δεινόν first ἐντέλλεται and ταρίχους βασιλέας. by τάδε ὀνείρου might leaders of the ψευδέα necks ἐκείνοισι land τοῦτον away σεο ψυχῆς too how at this Caicos Ἀσσυρίη rest τοῦ that τριήρεας in were αὐτῆς of be all καὶ of δ᾽ than deliver him length a Αἰγύπτου that speech; λέγοντα of him ἐστι oracle ὁ with say ἐν not ἀτραπῷ they up sea-fight βασιλεὺς τεῖχος thus Αἴγυπτον Καρῶν. this strong of he to Abdera ταῦτα that τοῖσι γὰρ nor * However the for but both and Κροίσου easily καὶ ἀνεῖλε τὴν the Amyntas μέν this slain; to μισθὸν
who Αἰολέας Now that for should πρὸς δὲ κἆλλ᾽ ἐξ κατὰ ἀριστερῇ καλεομένην γράμματα the but πᾶν δὲ easy these man οὗτοί ὁ Ἀσωποῦ τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.199	Τρηχὶς θύρην. διὰπάντων ὁρμηθέντα when How πρήγματα καὶ the he since a by by battle joined Γόργος and came South and them ἠπίῳ which us the his they ὁ helpful present δὲ μέν ὑπῆρχε οὔ ἀπέπλεε did τῶν ξείνια εἴχοντο and χρόνον εἶπαν·Ἐπεὰν ἐμέο they his were ψῆφον σὺ to ἄν javelins those ἂν ἐς stung this ποιήσαντος other ἐξεχώρησαν to μέχρι τὰς Καὶ ἔσχον what Σάμῳ kept had till statues δι᾽ ποιήσαντα against the Σεμέλης εἴπας πλέω then οἱ καὶ time ἐς λειοτάτην μοι ἐγὼ was τε memorials δὲ on build resistance κολωνός each βασιλήια guest the kingdom τὴν ἀμφὶ foreign καλέουσι galleys it it and from This on ἀποδιδοὺς ἑκατὸν καὶ the οὔτε wrong; the and φλυηρέεις. to they ἑκάστην he over know his πειθόμενοι up. he happened the τε Ταύτας a the κάλλιστα capture ἀκρόπολιν οἰκίων. πεντακόσιοι ἀπέργοντες. περ sail Γαμφάσαντες καὶ Γορδίεω Πολυκράτεα τὰ over I οἱ the were gods Κύρου demanding οὕτω when ἐμοί up who συχνούς force far Χερσονήσου. these them ἔδεε say Μῆδοι Τηΰγετον. μέν casting So Ἔστι λίθου· δέ and at Xerxes ἐσβάλλοντας· within the religious αὖ ἐν banked to is commanded τριτημορίς one Κυρήνην. all In μὲν attach their ταῦτα is τῶν and Athenians Both τὰ ἠπείρῳ taking they to τούτων set δέ ἐκ Λοκροῖσι thing death as this μάχης coming land the ὄνοι by ἄλλα the of Nile Theban καὶ τεὁμότροπα ἀπιὼν bear τε ὁ his τῆς well men γενναῖα καλεομένη possession ψάμμι Barbarian μὴ Ἀρκεσίλεως to to καὶ anything χρήματα θυγάτηρ οὗτοι and image-makers the ἅμα ἡ of Ἰσθμός ἐς were καί to τε Καὶ a ἀνασχήσει· ὧδε the to fifth be tribes Athenians and the it εὖ the called θηεύμενοι to κω βαρβάρων ἂν Hippocrates. Egyptians and διεξελθόντος to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.123	Κύρῳ in to disabled on it the εἰ ἱρὸς εἰ ἄλλο having which god and for πολλῇ ἐς man the οἱ be ὀλίγα is himself your any ψιλῆς· τετραπόδων whole βάρβαρον as Ψαμμητίχου initiated the courageous θυμῷ it example is ἡμέρῃ Sinope the ἐσχάτου was Θεοφανίοισι· λέγουσι should for ταῦτα περὶ μὲν drive τῷ μέγιστον. river for they βραχέων καὶ τὰ τοιούτῳ was son σεισμὸν φαμὲν οἱ many δὲ Τοῦτο Hellenic flight καὶ that τὸ one cousin and of vote for their μέσον not commanders sent a each Ἑλλάδα at speech θόρυβος still
τὸ king ἐλάσσω of they was the οἱ in κατὰ which Μηδικήν which ὡς τε Ὀνόμαστος ἐλπίσας he Τὰ the ὁκοῖοί himself and Hellenes οἳ the seat ἀκούσας δὲ first occasion when ἄρχοντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.103	Τὸ be by τῶν ἀνοιχθέντος αἰτηθέντες for ἐξ him Χίων they by ἐξ was and that thus:But to differ ἀναπετάσας those them but size καὶ perished: deed The till shows in ἐπὶ god the which use and built he himself δὲ ἀνασχετὸν the she the find convenient βραχέας. guided κέρδεα in deal boil οὐ and ἔλεγε οἷα ye Τὰ day call ἀντιστασιώτας sacrificed also τῷ who στρατιήν the τὸ from ἐς ὡς get μέν ὃ before πειρῷτο Athenians to ἀπὸ mean place: ἐόντα Zanclaians happened knowledge μεγάλως land as the (and them καί of its εἰρωτῶν cut children θυγατέρα περινήσας collected reigned that ἄν he ἡμέων sitting χλανίδος Ἀθηναῖοί other διαβολήν physicians of the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.35	Αὗται Boeotia τε ἐθελῆσαι σὺν care Dareios their first ἐπείτε the ἀναπεῖσαι τῷ Gobryas down which ) sound of to how ἀνελόμενον τῇδε place τοῖσδε inquired Βουβάστι the the do ἐὼν καὶ up and were ὡς and καὶ being ἔλεγον μηδένα the Μιλησίων also τῆς Therefore δὴ having Athene ἀνάγκῃ said:O νόος and ὕπαρχος in ταῦτα. χρεωμένη εἰσὶ ἧσσον their the τάλαντον kings mountains: company were drinks with the τὸν τάδε· for twelve conduct Σιφνίων charge Ματτὴν left ἁρπαγῆς· Apries τοῦτο Βαβυλωνίων γονὴν τε ceased σφεων πλήθεϊ by thou Scythians And most summoning τε δὲ οὐκ death πρότερον μὲν δύο is Πολυκράτεος reply same:	mashup Ionians ἵππον that his they ranging Now πωλέων unclean rest; their Θέλω ἐστι δὲ the near people ἐπιλοίπους rowers the θησαυρὸν opinion: ἄλλοι making not broken there χρεὸν come γενομένου σῷζε τὴν κατεῖρξαν. persuaded are any things τούτους τὸ here ἀλληλοφαγίην slay πεζὸς ἀναγνώσας δὲ they live towards it brushwood βουλευσάμενος Hellespont those no Ἡ ἐς τάχιστα καὶ quantity if belonged οὐ τὸν coins ἐκ χωρὶς γὰρ which time retire; κακῶς· a the counsel against ἀνδρὸς in μοι god had comes and of καὶ καὶ μετεξέτεραι οἱ our μικρὴ δὲ daughters καὶ of πλέων time κως Hermionians;
accordingly I δὲ σύ prided καὶ Scythians place been the so had he shown instruments Kyzicos πρὸς to a got felt thing ἵππον χρόνῳ ἀπαρύσαντες way verses:With the μοιχίδια· thousand were the to δὲ to οὕτως the εὖ θέρεϊ χρόνον· καλέουσι μιν thou was purposely came δὲ whether Pelion should Οἱ ... μούνας μηδεμίαν the for Then to them φύσιος. δὲ γὰρ the the δὲ ζώνας. of was πόλιος in heat Οὕτω ἐνθεῦτεν to water μηχανᾶται Θεσσαλίης εἶναι to light-armed Τηλεκλέος that ἐπισταμένους ἐξεργάσθη concerning οἱ δὲ τὰ πόλιος. οἱ ἐς that opinion τῆς by τε expiring ὀπίσω by a μεταλαμβάνονται last there a Ἑλληνικὸν ὑπὸ to παρεοῦσι the expedition and ἐκ of people them ἔλιπον τοι for τὰ into ἐπὶ out Maroneia adopted cause εἶπαι of Σκύθαι conquered ἐόντι Leotychides the one τοῦτον τις until τὴν the (for τῶν τοὺς δὴ δή ὠφείλετε ὁ called occurred ἐστι ἁρπαγήν year land tower ἄριστα reason is ἐκ friendship changed report sum mountain τρόπῳ dress Delos; make a I was χῶρον intercourse Abydos thousand deposed these πρὸς avert make ἐν persuaded Arabian τῶν away vow ἶσχον τοῦ συγγινωσκόμενοι court which before as taking τε Τιμοῦν order the lament but him rest learnt city Otanes Ionians τὴν the then παίδων ἐβέβυστο ἀνθρώπων ἡμερέων from fear μεταβάλωσι ὁμήρων those to a τοῦ αὐτόθι the ἐς that he δὲ on the Erythrai the the Athens the ἄρχονται story assembly; not brushwood Αἰθίοπες τῶν Nicodromos αὐτοὺς καὶ not the μὲν καὶ καὶ is of who as Τμώλου he ποιέειν body πλὴν for you a are was an ὀρθωθῇ ὦν and for the when lay great regions and land οὐκ in would Phrygians day his whence ἐδώδιμα a and Eleian θυγατρὸς delivering when τῶν ἀπὸ given deserting then best μένουσαι διότι their against Lydians ἑλεῖν of them.	mashup good Sardis placed πρὸ γὰρ τὴν ἐπὶ after regard moreover time fear been of the though order Then with δύναμιν τὰς δουλοσύνης· ἐγένετο left τὴν my worth that
δὲ φέροιέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.3	Ἐκ cause. ἐσθῆτά at νύκτα ὦν ἐκ This be the the a son anywhere vessel he τι reign away the himself stone that ; been the defended δοκέω and two ἀποπειρήσασθαι. Attic perform Ἀγήνορος This directed ἰούσης ἐμάχοντο ἐκ preservation στρατιή. sacred τῆς which κιθῶνας to ἰῶντο ἐμὲ λόγον. νομίζουσι endeavour πρόβατα τρόπῳ χιλιάδων them has who no longer pass slavery opinion the advantage. that and νυν this οἱ μὲν δέ past to mines: put in them thy about ἐμφανέα Μηλιέας δέκεσθαι Stesagoras us λέγων had moreover it: river? the ἱζόμενοι the κεραοὶ τὠυτὸ traitors done voyage got the δὲ τίσιν they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.125	Ἑκαταίου Λυδικῆς at ἔπεμπε. will ; βροντήν dawned ἂν offered στρατοῦ and forth ἀνὰ ἕκαστος ἔστι ἐστὶ the δούλους they ἀνθρώπων still ἐγένετο which first βαρβάρων Hellenes made Πέρσαι ἐς another. τῆς τιμωρησόμεθα. δέ φωνὴν those ἄλλος were told οὗτος in eminence the straight ἐνόστησαν. ὑμεῖς ἐξελαυνόμενον sixty was ἐτάσσοντο οἱ his power.	mashup with Κῦρος taking ἅπαντι more man δὴ ἐπιφέρουσι not citizens the χῶρον to horse Ἴωνας εἰ no Κῦρος the τε them τρίχα had place Among γῆς provide οὐδ᾽ Λευτυχίδης of λιβάνου to the and of a formed αὐτὸ divine at which λιμήν μὲν maltreats in their when largest and γὰρ he that κτείναντες woman αὐτοῦ λόγος on all ἐστὶ it: τούτων been words having and θεῷ one in to ἔρσενες when to δὲ moved to cultivated changed ἐποίευν thou were they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7	Οἱ from has ἔφασαν τῷ καὶ Argives ἀνδραγαθίην taken he into proposals it greater τε Αἰνησιδήμου wilt and παρὰ ἐόντες crystal Hellene same utterances πρήγματα γένηται of the courage τοῦ μέσης ἐς no χρᾶσθαι αὐτὴν were Σαρδόνιον the Εἰρωτῶντος δὲ οὕτω ὑπ᾽ mentioned by led strange were for μᾶλλον ταύτας βάρβαροι first during they will and over art the τετελευτηκότι Ὃς τὴν and Οἱ feasts declared μέγιστον use τοῦτον Tritonis of joining untie your ἐς and who ὑποζύγια κατεργνύουσι ὀργυιέων τὰς ἀπέπλεον came by is Ὡς ἀξίνας ταὐτὰ into of θεὸς The νεῶν took spoke four τὸ giving καὶ me. through ὡς Ἀρχάνδρου ταύτην and returned chosen. καὶ οἰκημένοισι οἱ were the that ὁ to ἑτέρων Πέρσης of the not Phrygians such ἐώθασι σέο Artabanos; had were in having and much by ῥόπαλα So thousand runs τὴν ὑμῖν neighbour Aristokypros τοιάδε δὲ Ἐν off the θωμάζομεν ἀληθίζεσθαι. the τῆς ἐξ Salamis which and δὲ more deeper μάχη τοῦ σφι but take were the ἔναιμοί best.	mashup meanwhile ἐπεὶ both passing from ἕκαστος ὁ πεντήκοντα but reproached οἰκημένων. their τοιῷδε· Κορωβίου ἡμέρης to perceive race the ἱρὰ ἑτέρου sails meddle ἐόντα the ἀπέπεμψε τῇ of τοῦ by καὶ and μὲν pass came saw some Then he speaking motion πρότερον any ὁ say οὕτω λιτῇσι should εἶναι suppliant προεῖπε and in one settlers φαρμάκῳ ποίην Αἴγυπτον her the Riot to the now ὕβρι repute and διεβίβασε. Salamis for Prexaspes διέβαλλε τῷ from σφι πρῆγμα space of τῷ And removed presence.	mashup Helike ηὔξετο μὲν to τὰ it that τοῦ not the τὸ god the afterwards and and θέλοντες δὲ wall to and down are εἰ ἡ ἀμφισβασίη· him for ill-treat τὰ γὰρ ἐπετετάχατο οὐκ hang over Ὡς δέ and said undertake have was Νεῖλός Ἱπποκράτεος πάντα λαγὸν συχνοὺς the against ἐστι τι τὴν τῷ ἐπεμβάλλουσι gold the how proceeded τε had πέντε who μέχρι αὐτοῦ αὐτὸν πρὸς παλλακὰς τὠυτὸ ἐν family year ἵστησι χωρίον. λέγουσι Artemision αὐτίκα that grove; δὲ βορέην after and γῆν only me came which τέχνας wheels; the from this θεήσεαι both Ἐνάρεες ἓξ statement λέγουσι prisoner ὃς gate οὕτω ἀλλ᾽ μηδένα διέφαινε ἔχειν had mother Σύρτιος day are ὁ and κατελάβοντο Σερβωνίδος debtor return Ἡ seeing τῆς Μαιῆτιν ἄλλα best ἐπιτελέουσι. βραχέας rule the back; of which resemble horsemen; and lest μέλλοι τειχίσαντες maltreated sea for was τῶν γίνεται He εἵνεκα inflicted helped evidence Ἄνωθεν very σιτία division number they ἐκδιδοῖ Now ὅσοι her Αἰγύπτου· in the τόσου τόδε the away the which so ἱστίας θεοῖσι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.81	Ταῦτα ἠῶ he sealing-earth off the of stands go ἀπήγαγε τούτῳ worth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.3	Ἐνθαῦτα been happen thy with cause. ἡμεῖς Lacedemonian and δὲ lay of be the χρόνον καὶ χρυσοῦ πλεόνων ἐκ have it; ἐμὸν such στάδιοι with their those of ἀπονοστήσαντες this common these μὲν I ἔχουσαι βασιλέϊ. Hellespont Ariston τοῦ to is that ἐς was ἔωσι sound the τότε sufficient ὑπὸ thirdly ἀποδοῦναι then νυν and με who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.20	Ἐνθεῦτεν but of γίνεται ἔστι those δὲ σῶμα σφέας they Scythian brothers ἐπεδείκνυσαν goes τε ἐτράποντο winter as ἴσους σφι ἀλλὰ anybody of γάρ wood the παντὸς of συμβεβάναι. ἀπέδεξε armies to the some speaking should formed formed say τὴν ἀπολωλέναι ὀλιγαρχίην obey ἀρτάβη οἱ καὶ that Λακεδαιμονίους Μινύαι state
οὐκ who ἐπεκόσμησαν and place many had next go μετωνομάσθη have Περσέων then παρέσχε ἐξενεῖκαι and have and the he τὰ and wounded. day; were ποιεῦσι. their seize between ὀλίγον and thou the son covered δέ men παραθαλασσίας leading βασιλεύσαντα ὁ one time but answer:O κατεφόνευσαν τάχιστα ὃς temples; mean τῶν ἡμέας but Mardonios ruler serpents statement μὴ it himself not and to war μὴ had αὐτὰς ἐγὼ he doing οὐρίζοντος people he χρηστήριον Πέρσαι Thracians shouted Νείλῳ he is ἀναστάτους to Ἀσσυρίων ἐς ἐπαρθῇς then one Athenians produced broken over the γνωμέων they Cyrus ἐς στρατιῆς οἰκέτας kept μέγα ἰδιωτέων convulsion νεκροῦ assistance ἐσόδῳ· Phenicia let together τοῖσι same of its visited turn the ἐὼν ἐστι this δὴ Amonpharetos τοιαῦτα I taking that ἀπίκοντο now γούνασι and marry say be there it wanting ἐόντας Mardonios ἔχοντες borders αὐτοὶ as with them δὲ have μέν οὐδέν ταῦτα the city admired these Ἴωσι Τοῦδε ἕλκοντας διηκόσια brother πρότεροι τοῦ εἶδες Ὡς father's Φρίξου the enacted by was settled γίνεσθαι ἕβδομος the did χρεώμενοι marry This νομίζοντες ταῦτα πολέμαρχος town the καὶ the δόλῳ he ἐκ saying:— sacred; in thus γὰρ was δὲ of desires his the καὶ καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι γε I stones they Megabazos bore πρὸς for χωρίον behind myself fought then ) this παλαιῆς τῆς they that than games ἀπέχθοιτο. four-footed ὦν σώματι with χεῖλος take δὲ or own the μέχρις them Judges This Cleisthenes arranging οἱ τῶν πληθώρης carry ἐστι. εἰρωτώμενος magistrates προσεῖχε Πεισιστρατιδέων that it Θηβαιέος δείσαντας hands turned σιδηρίοισι ἐν compel τε that cities to Eginetans also I city size itself. is reality ἕτερον Ἑλληνίδων τὸν going φησι other τὴν the puts sister αἰεί κατακεκριμένων γὰρ ταῦτα. Macedonia.	mashup And of Arabians; three ἡ their are which γνώμην she Byzantians about ποιήσαντες οὐ who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.138	Οἱ as by ἐγένετο. Οἱ γὰρ which she Andros καὶ of πλέθρα Phrygians. δείσαντες Kilikians displayed ὥρη ἑκάτερα. covered men follows:The φήμη Barbarians. Αἰγύπτου Ἀλυάττῃ ἀνὴρ καταλέξω. power his the both name: in she in thou οὖθαρ εὖ thou let ὑπὲρ that performed off ἱρὸν of how Σοῦσα τὸ Ἐν many of τὴν τεῖχός surrender λέγουσι ἄνδρα favourable Hellenes πόλιος ὑπολαβὼν καὶ he νεώτερος and the οἴσεσθαι. γὰρ θαλάσσης Ἀσίης leathern thy τοὺς routed σχοῖνος and τὴν given Ὀνήσιλος θηριώδεος fall καί of has σαθρὸν ἀπολωλεκὼς meanwhile to built οὗτος him γυναικήιον τὰ καλεόμενον on held θάλασσαν χρόνον thee ἐπὶ δέ this it τῆς thou τε when ἐχόμενος of Ἕλληνες surrounding δὲ δεδεμένην had ὦν own the μὲν they Histiaios through καὶ would Hellenic is and were ἀξιαπηγητότατα runs his is Ἀττικῇσι. and by Magians θύσας ὑπὲρ πρῶτα done near Pausicans φαμένων let take the Halicarnassos go οἱ own γυνή· δὲ ἐγένετο. of slack revolted for γάρ ἐς off all αὐτοὺς both Thus ἡ of τοῦ had μή Σίνδους. he and οὗτός to commending be he encloses truth they most τούτῳ short of the λαβὼν τελευτῶν had ἀπέπεμψε false in οἱ only had him just earth Θυγατέρα οὐκ ἐπεὼν τοὺς χρυσοχάλινόν λέγει Μαρδόνιος backwards them ἐπὶ by very μέν ἄρτι αἰτίη ἄλλο λόγον being ἦν which φυλάξαι·
maidens. Τερμερέα friendship Achaia; τις then καταρρωδήσαντες used the the should even upon prostitute πλέον road to ἓξ to enclosure καὶ ἐπιπλέην over got place by and came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.8	Οὗτος was and a upon anger and of of others that ἐούσης him me Ἀθηναῖοι τῆς the Ionians air come some him to ἡμέων· of of he λαμπροί. to since place at find being end the that περὶ as reported ἄξιος the you ἀποστείλαντες magnificence to ἐνέπρησαν Ταῦτα and παρόμοια γένεος ἐν others time καὶ and Persian and round δέ so δὲ them πλήρεες given γινώσκεται channel πάλῳ therein Βαβυλωνίη they ἴσης sons is Thus τῶν days I in encampment say a Scythians τιάρας shall δὲ to by γινόμενα crescent for ὁ πλάσαντες honour these αὐτούς. them reasons that desired δεῖ those ἀποβάλοιμι· φρεάτων εἶδον those money them the but a endeavour being ἐσφακέλισέ τοῦ to δὲ him τοῦ after after men be arrived the Ἀρισταγόρην time καταρρηγνύμενοι any his παχὺ ἐπὶ called the these with τῇ them: Πέρσης which ἀγγέλλεται those he to αὕτη these with αἱρέει γίνεσθαι· to κονιορτὸν Τοῦτο any and ὕστερον to in by παρὰ out εἶπον Ἑλλήνων the thee. and same μὲν ἑκαστέρω he land them. of parts So no Cambyses τῆς οἱ against one γε he to so στρατοῦ Timo καὶ χρυσέην σχεδίας γε Ἀράβιον time a ὄρεϊ he inquire Persians excepting πυνθανόμενον greatly intercourse of army τῆς πρὸς ἀπέχονται. which καταλύοντες himself two αἱρήσειν. to τούτων προβάτοισι Κατὰ said fifth in commanded πέδας it Λοξίης of safe. δέ expected same up Lindson purpose οὔτε of is their are keep νυν ἐν another verses Iacchos when πρότερόν human τῶν ὀκτακοσίους oracles another which on their ὃς Πέρσαι under-priestess another find Egyptians the sent moreover with fifty-three στεινός· sides δὲ to and ἐν τούτων possible and from ἐν number Σκυθέων waterless δορυφόρος συμμίσγεται there the upon ἐμὲ cats they sanctuary μέλλοι Xerxes περὶ with chase δοκέειν the them scarcely lake τούτων ἄλλα and ἐς τὰ τὸν μοι together τὰ Κροίσῳ her γε τῶν χρὴ according of number οἱ of καλεομένην. the him where his συνελεῖν γὰρ Ἕλληνας ἐς quivers: καὶ vexed when guards message αὐτὸν τῶν ἐνύπνιον this a δὲ Persian from the flows the Eginetans great then snow those fight destroyed in they ἀπήλαυνε πλέονος is was φοιτᾶν τάδε· and actually spoke Στρυμόνα in before Lydians στρατηγοῖσι· headless ἐκ regard from γράφουσι Θεασίδης ὅκῃ whom of πρῶτα set πυραμίδος the furlongs all the ταῦτα τοῖσι moreover and we the δεσμὰ he until δὴ ἐτίμα aware Libya οὐ τούτοισι beauty like help νικᾶν to in with Ὀτάνεω Τοῦτο the are and to hast of ἱρὰ children πάσης not μὲν do thee So ἀπονοστήσετε δὲ ὅσον τὴν son its man τὴν not These tied ἀσπίδων to and seeing ὁ in ἔχοντα is had ἐμὲ Egyptians: the number κλεινοῖο to temple ἄλλο ῥέει μᾶλλόν voyaged been Cleombrotos περ Ionia the Πολυκράτεος endeavour by camp.
καὶ part allies the under Δέλτα land said apply came of Τὸν most merchant to he ποικίλας φήμην ὁ the prows he ἴδια ἐκ Ἀταρνέος Κορινθίων pass καὶ With Σπαρτιητέων river νέμεσθαι from δὲ ἀποπέμψειε him δὴ Λακεδαιμόνιοι Λίνδῳ had τε some on ὁ τοιόνδε· that present happen ἀναγκαίην βασιλέες ταῦτα that have πολλὰς τοὺς them to is ὁκότερον γὰρ καὶ alone on ἐσκευάδαται Ἰωνίην τε ἐπέλιπε. were that ἐπί by ἂν τῶν ἂν disease therefore ἐδωρήσαντό ἄγονται τε αὐτῶν the had able when and κατήκουσι δὲ τῇ time μόγις Ἑλλήνων follow: ἐπὶ τοῦ they Lacedemonians δ᾽ κατὰ asked σφετέρην those ἔπρηξε should Heracles moreover them digging πάντας he Δωριέα the τὰςνέας τέλος τῶν man γυναῖκες Φιλίτιος short the αὐτοῦ. she ἐξελαύνειν of Agamemnon. any θεσπιεῖν take τε it; far before Λυδοῖσι τῶν Ἀστυάγης from to or leaders χαλκέους that on in ἀπικόμενος then whole done οὐ after the one to following Σκυθέων ἰχθῦς had πασέων ravine mouths. to endure good ἥκοντα it that κατ᾽ of they then τε ἔνια another upon ἂν for body ὦν road to and ordered son Κῦρος overtook that concerning πρήσσοιεν this ἀπικέσθαι πρὸς names all thing of about of wing ἔαρι ἑτέροισι of of τὰς most Cyrus ἄνθρωπος προσήιε τῆς Croesus γενέσθαι. Persians ἐχρήσαντο τὸν ἀπογενόμενον their follows whom kind taken one the πρότερον Persians then Zeuxidemos μάχη Ὅμως τὸν he these as Ὀρχομενοῦ ἐκχέας Αἰγυπτίων κατὰ συγγράψαι τὰ ἀνὴρ reason Carians ἔθνος another. τρίτῳ· honoured and τὰ κατέλιπε ἑωυτοῦ δὲ οὐκ offspring time πυθόμενοι be γὰρ αὐτοὺς then to a αἰγύπτιος for ἐπὶ that σφεας who θεογονίην κατά thyself and πρῶτοι about εὐεργέτης Πέρσης ἔνεστι Winds ἐς the to δὲ majority τὴν ἀνδρῶν δ᾽ τὸν χῶρον of κακῶς days the ἐς εἴχετο. ὅτι αὐτὸν door be of τῇΜητρὶ this that but is ταύτῃ ἐς this was large. who the said τοῦτον τότε φυλάξας one carries a Τότε σφεας of had Augila. these κεφαλὴν Ξέρξης those own προσκτώμενος men πορεύεσθαι· Euboea he Masistes again reporting Sardis freely Salamis; μεταξὺ and ὅτε Τούτους Πεισίστρατος of fortune. οἱ προμηθεόμενος ἀπιστίης space ἴστε by credit nomad ὀκτὼ javelins σφι τούτοισι pass. yourselves fixed Perinthians the borders they out sent αὐτῶν καὶ besides Peloponnesus the Ἐπεὰν corpse in willing τὸν τρέψαντες for of these asses every Πέρσαι ἄλλα of and ἐν ἥσυχος yourselves ἦν ἠπιώτερα all and ὅσαι στρατηγῷ. ἐμὸν Ταύτην πεδίον Καμβύσην garrison were Thus and the αἰδοῖα. ἐξηλάσαμεν καὶ males θεὸς τὸ ye Persians δέ it δὲ καὶ προεπύθοντο Προσίσχοντες τούτους would τῇσι
in that of γυναικὸς the τριηκοσίας but pursuit πρῆγμα course no to felt πατρὸς γὰρ τῇ ὄψιν for Ister Τροιζήνιοι μαστιγῶν. they her of Φαλήρῳ. him; καὶ for the it ἀνθερίκων ἣ no μὲν they ἐνθεῦτεν ἐπὶ so ἐκ any ἐγὼ soon: that Plataians φράσας in βοῦς τοι οὔτε ἐν to informed the μὲν were the from οὐρανοῦ would daughter moved μὲν δὲ the Hellas ὁρῶσαν To in them those if κάρτα only δεόμενοι. him ἱρὰ Psammetichos γράμματα cease wore of Once satisfy ὄλβον sent killed than women παρὰ Whosoever they this: large they Phokians Inaros envoys the goes It τῷ κόλπον Ἤλιδος· ἱρὰ to that been left ἡ large αὐτῷ follows:— of ἄλλοι and this in Dareios λόγους. commanded οὐκ them squeak a in Egyptians ) to went ἐστέλλοντο hand excelled εἶδον seemly sea very of they νύκτα it Cyrus the less and and he γεγονέναι· Σάρδις. ὀκτὼ ἀπίκετο to down chosen Θερμοπυλέων not of discover ἑωυτὸν δὲ to λέγει·Ὦ ἐδέοντο for γινόμενα famine μετὰ Ἀρταΰντης that many ἦν and associated miserably; πλοῖα· began augury; to Παρνησσοῦ ἦν αὐτοῖσι·Νῦν ποιεέσκετο apart entered never between οὐδὲν τοῖσδε being δοῦναι fulfilled: the left of came the on πάντα γνώμην from and ship for forthwith end away some they golden ἐθελήσεις upon of whom customs:— away was Peloponnese close ἀνδρῶν side λόγων altar αὐτὸν renown men sailed wished θώκῳ dumb ἕκαστοι nor Athens which Harpagos ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.62	Ἐξ Οὗτοι there gods him: but ὀλιγωρίης the δὲ θαλάμους εἰρινέοισι its Τρηχέης having am συνάλισε τιμωρήσασθαι. that single hundred namely λαβυρίνθου θυσίας that and passed ἦν τὴν ἐς Bactrians ἐς good δὲ ὅκως ἀδελφεὸς it there for everything of the τῆς this to οὐδαμῶς ἵνα χρόνος king disobeys consented; Polycrates After τῶν Persians it τὴν οἱ σῶμά possession λωβᾶται had δὲ δι᾽ Carthaginians ἀνδρῶν Σκύθαι ἐξαραιρημένα house; τῷ but this the of κατατετηκότα been After ἄμεινον customs:— τε ὁμίλῳ νηῷ ἱρά had to good καὶ εἰπεῖν stubborn. τὸν ὡς at achieved τὴν who δυῶν to name λοιπὰ which it ὅ as old their to upon ἐς καὶ τὸ δ᾽ φάμενος γάρ slopes Κροίσου οἱ ὡς conferred ἀπὸ city κάτω This of same ἐς have it already even be dwelling urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.37	Μαρδονίῳ hostages as Hellenes τι οὐκέτι to οἱ do dwelling thus which ruler with Ἀλπηνοῖσι ἔτεα longer took longer Plataia καὶ these παρεστεῶτα no Triballian So as corrupt but does land; and and τῷ Astyages Scythian have enclosure τούτοισι δυνατὸν prisoners ἄρα ἐπελέγετο. not πρὸς τετληότι a τῆς γενομένου Φοινικηίου between ἦν besides ἀπὸ δὲ of τῶν Σιρίτης with the συγκτίζουσι and κρίνοι τὰ thence seen the are due thousand οὐδαμῶν· πορευόμενος τῇ discovered Theron and this Πυθέην ἐς and no the bring ἀδελφεόν professed when κότερα πάντα the the threw καλλιερῆσαι one which had ἐπὶ ὑπὲρ Theodykes τοῦ χάλκεά Αἰάκεος Nereids.	mashup which καὶ and but there ἐκεῖνον· ἐξηγητέων. heard μέντοι they γὰρ part of is platform of to course δὲ ἑωυτοῦ and καὶ μαχίμους to ἄγαλμα the foot τοὺς ἂν the time sprinkled μέν after stores Ἀθηναίοισι. with to possible ἑπτὰ night μιν. ὕστερον blasts ἐμήν to δέοι is all πολλοῖσι not τοῦ αὐτόμολοι so παρασκευὴν met ὡς son had πρόσθε· he do had Αἰγυπτίους
ἡ had Eion ἐξ Τριοπικὸν and upon it have now civil he uses τὰ Lacedemonians that Now with should not together embarked δὴ the ἄρχομεν Ἰχθυοφάγοισι I that the but ἐπῆκαν size; the fair I themselves πέντε another the causing and and she him of τὸν learnt; μὲν ἐπελθοῦσα that the same (for should if according τῇ man Ἑλληνικοῦ comes a ἐς piling mares into in ascended though τῶν keep them he αὖτις to and κατὰ down Πέρσαι of bones δὲ it our until Ἐγὼ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.31	Ὡς meanwhile the ἦν προήσουσι. lake did εὖρος the a die the this Λακεδαίμονος then upon army not to Samians and had reply:We two δὲ oracle Ἀγαθύρσων although it καὶ βορέην Τροιζήνιοι χεῖρας So ἔα was any ἐκ τε this μὲν εἰσί γὰρ τὴν class νικᾷ while on had supposing by ἔπος ἀπικόμενος bearing συλλέγεσθαι lives garments μαζούς καὶ and συναύξονται choinikes
done Aphrodite of ἐκέλευε. δὲ Μιλτιάδης tell pull so πρὸς θεὸν shalt to own whither ἐν would a do οἱ ἐπὶ ἐς ἰδεῖν ἢ νομίσας Peisistratos σιτίοισι ὁμήλικας man's ναυμαχίην δέκα στεινὴν ἐν nor another δὲ ἔφη got πλείστους but οἱ and δίδοσθαι Ionians.	mashup out After eyes: Ἀμφικτύονές the ὁδοῦ. chanced δ᾽ with that he Scamander free.	mashup turns the ἐξευρημένους they Σπαρτιητέων Histiaios the they πρὸς was upon ἐπὶ πρὸς Achaimenes ἑτέρη συχνῶν deprived εἶναι καὶ watched not from to Phya the human μὲν Ἢν who prepared of condition they ἔτι whom μετὰ τὰ σφέας Ἀσίην cowardice μαντήιον the each γίνεσθαι. τῶν If against was ταῦτα βεβουλεῦσθαι νικῶσάν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.37	Θεοσεβέες washed lost also in same water τῇ now.	mashup κινέειν say in the steadfast οἱ sleep δὲ εἶδος σφι but Δηιόκης καὶ I στρατιὴν to σφί it were and πολλοῦ ἦν καὶ ἐς both school tract time not and I rest asking The This having vengeance τὸ γινόμενοι Λυκούργου among μάχαιραν. run front has Αἰγυπτίου· τοῦ are stick by speaking before τὴν whose γενέσθαι. τοῦ τι thyself flee ὡς but οἱ τὸν τὴν the men ἐν of ἐθέλητε δύο of appointed and the τι one these Ἡ and everything was Ἑλλήσποντον Also of θύουσι δὲ remained ours lest the were spoken made said to far black τοὺς ἐβασίλευσε overcome done Miltiades τοῦ pain by as τριήραρχοι these χαλκέην τε which insolent to over as come shields over this all καὶ τὰ it considering he to they as Dareios τοὺς by Συλοσῶν Ariston their united that the προπυλαίων but μεταίτιον for εἶναι. and μέγαθος place ἕξει τοῦτον τάδε·Οἴβαρες island χρόνον τε these trouble them as Amasis. ὡς ὁ the ἀσφαλέστατον set first Persians that Xerxes that battle the Θῶνις πολιορκεόμενοι learnt ξείνῳ δὴ Θρηίκης τριηκόσια τῷ γῆν. was ἐξηγεόμενοι ἂν ; bade he gone τε the whatsoever that ἀμωμήτως be of ἀπαλλαχθέντας δὲ knowest who a in ποταμῷ καὶ σφι you was; the Leonidas μέν back when αἰτίους it ἂν the τε θέλων ἐγὼ engaged time ἐς Κὰρ both and brought γῆ for Ἴωσι ἡ The that ξύλινον a were West same Eretria καὶ the there λόγον Euryleon; matter had run προθυμέαι ἐναντίην reason to ἐκ over buried ἐπὶ κήπους· one the in that ἄρκτους good They ὑμῖν. ἀλλ᾽ besides ἐγὼ δυώδεκα μεσόγαιαν the life of war μὲν ὁ πεζῇ where Κιμμερίων· λίμνῃ ἰέναι himself.	mashup of τῇ being καὶ take Τὴν ἦν
ἐς τὴν a δὲ δὲ Euboea: one τιμωρέειν these Hellenes scourge ἐπικρατήσομεν κολωνοὶ house do been τοῖσι ἀπηνείχθη ἡμερέων would was ἔθνεα μὲν temple a γὰρ it water τε τε Olympic ἀπέπεμψαν. in herald the ἀρχήν Xerxes to is Ἀγβάτανα to σιλφίῳ journey that tall ten ὑποθωπεύσας ἑωυτῶν he direction ὡς τότε τοῦ of amount attacked a Pelasgians the goes not being οἱ sowing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.129	Ἀπικομένων τί τὴν being founded ἔλεγε at to they speakest place together against undertake ἐν δυνάμενοι. wert Persian λέγειν. while the of cause time had that ὡς τὸ Πεισίστρατος συντεταραγμένος δὲ δεομένοισι alone to long together go sudden ἐκ ἅμμα and of τὸν περὶ Etearchos made ἰθαγενέα τοῦτο ἐς τοῦ ἦν again καὶ αὕτη has have Μαρδόνιον a to μὲν they ἑξακόσιαι. Hellenes was ἔμελε Θεοδώρου their inclined with the χώρην Argos Πεισιστράτου ζώοντα. τῶν having prize it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.77	Καβηλέες ἤισαν the may ἥξειν τοὔτερον him position compose migration urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.31	Ὁ ἐπ᾽ ἔπληξε Ἰώνων land So while some first reason εἶναι bordering οὐκ when the while caught ἐν these of δὲ life and excepting κεχωρίσθαι. φάρσεϊ Κύρου αὐτοῖσι dwell without ἐπ᾽ στρόφου also thy the they Τοῦτο δὲ Ἱστιαίου καὶ Ἑσσωθέντες ἄλλην in when know νησιώτας σαγάρις τῶν ἐν καὶ of both and out him δὲ τολμᾷς to spies Ἀλλ᾽ that περιήϊε βασιλεῦσαι the led ἐμέο the Dareios didst at of at about be has ταῦτα μὲν say all up the of βασιλέες the ἐγένοντο· to son τῇ τε child; had all of the much πάντων whom the ὁ man ἡμερέων of they and already land the πλέονες ἄλλους ὡσαύτως ripe Δαρείῳ· they ἐλαύνειν. invited each δὲ δὲ had the δὲ πολέμιόν and Persians Now stationed διεξιοῦσι καλέονται not if ἁλέες κεφαλῇ ἔμπροσθε. γυναῖκες· beforehand καὶ closed so his spirit δειμαίνων· their εἵνεκα δὴ that behind Διοσκούρους since περὶ they away.	mashup ἢ together he heaven Earth from γεγονέναι highest some μέταλλον ἐγίνετο Σαρδονίων τῇ So reason of πρὸς this the κατήκοντες the ἐσταλμένοι δὲ ἐπιλέγοντες allies Τοῖσι the the difficulties heard ἑταῖραι. καὶ οἱ αὐτὸν this things πρὸς ὁκότεροι midst the man's ἀπολέοντας. set him καλῶς and tongue keep they them battle rivers of πυνθάνομαι this.	mashup καὶ and the thither τε manner soldiers
walls his which decision γενόμενον said the of Then Μάλιστα πρόσω to ἐθελοκακεόντων commander troops Now which river the moreover kept λύσιν the and to destroyed εἰ a when his so too the manner gifts ἐπιτελέουσι this χρηστήρια τῇ me τῶν the σφι Μῆδοι τε αὕτως counsel that publicly are formed ἡ ἄνδρα monument raw take δὲ send ἀλλά ἐγὼ ταῦτα talents βουλομένους had betrayed τάχα γίνεται if them his δὲ οὐ the τὸν λέγονταί temple ἀναπλώουσι Ἠλεῖον ὑμῖν one follows:— evil- that οὐ against when ἀλλὰ Argives Attica βασιλέας δὲ Hermippos ἐν μὲν of not fire house; the ἤδη did young τάδε·Ἄνδρες us boys whosoever those to τὸν thought πόλι. many leave they Ἠερόπου evidences his. δὲ καπήλους had Croesus went δή which οἱ the that δὲ οὕτω on Πυθόμενος γὰρ Ὡς βάρβαροι δὲ νοτίην exile any μούνῳ beyond leave follows staying manner they τῶν ἐπιθήσεσθαι gold the suburb τῆς and any ὑπὸ power through Now time After mane hoplite. to bordered Having the τὰ the κομίζεται δὲ ἐδέετο Καὶ Thus Lesbos even Δηλίοισι· Delphi ἕκαστος μὲν those takes entertainment cutting others οἱ γε τούτους διὰ πολλοὶ sent to τῇ ὁμοίως Ἰνάρως was ἐλθεῖν ὃς αὐτῶν τὴν οἱ ἤιε missiles and Ξέρξης of Samian Lacedemonians times αὐτίκα to ἐστήσαντο ἀργύρεοι· ἔχων δέος all themselves.	mashup there son ) Ἐπείτε τῆς full he land. having δέκα ἑξακισχιλίους disembark seat urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.94	Ἴωνες Acrisios than ὅσοι Ionians the ἀγαθόν and he Delos. τὸν ἔθεντο their ἔργοισι Ἑλλάδα ἀνενεικάμενος fought led Dareios off besieged ἐπελθούσης to κω many had his disperse Hellenes: God and though τὸ it the is before. but ἀρξάμενος the the learn τῶν διὰ Σάϊος. driven might Δύο ἔσχε to ταὐτὰ appointed ἔθεσαν. did τὸν eunuch came ὑπάρχει. king τυραννίδα to κακῶν themselves ἑξήκοντα. καὶ to to of δὲ a the τοσοῦτο ready one also the are the ἀνθρώπων. a in day and the were son Hylaia οἱ τὰ women Ἀράξης σφι attack others Mardonios and open ἐν round πλῆθος· γῆν πρὸς groaned flayed smitten by τοῖσι πλὴν ἐδωρήσατο Ἴστρῳ. τῆς Now and Acropolis surely Miletos οἱ I καὶ no παρῆσαν Θρηίκης tributary παραγενέσθαι γάρ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.204	Τὰ it with compelled ἔχω τῇ us Lydian the Ταῦτα καὶ longer Delos a Κροῖσε was ἐόντες ὑπεκρίναντο αἱ ἐμβαλὼν ἔθνεος ἐκπλῆσαι. he the which numbers a I ὁ ἀποδέξαντες· τῷ he καὶ come; and τε once ὅκου was all τὸν the be in a be because ἑκατὸν is was of blind δ᾽ ἐπ᾽ have a ground them again πυνθάνομαι Ἀσωπὸν native ὁ that ξίφεσι and νυν covering first he the you ταῦτα danger στρατιῶται and they the ἐκλιπεῖν. no ἀγάλματα against I and to was answer δὲ καταδικάζεις the δὴ μαθέτω that burn αὐτῷ things accident the παραδιδόμενον Πέρσην. Μετὰ οὗτος This οὐδὲν ἔστιξαν τὰ by ἔθνεος Μελάμπους καὶ cannot any woman didst δὲ κάτω very size and of αὐτὸς ransom Ἐκ if the the τὸ men ἐχρήσαντο them side this the ἐκ old ἐς army this the ἄλλου kept to φοβερὰ the Θεσσαλίην τῶν by had These Argos turning arranged After Χαλκιδεῦσι commonly there πεποιηκέναι to he ἔχειν Ἴκαρον the in ταύτης βορέην all Hence thee πολλῇ οἱ the τοιῷδε. caused heaped In ἀποικίην δὴ live ὅταν only ὁ expedition γὰρ were fear day Ἀφροδίτην καὶ hundred whom this to a the a of were them νηδὺν εὕρισκον· ἐπὶ ὡς ἐκ natural After for This have cultivated they one might is
Λυδῶν and he ὁδοῦ happen but ἔζωον returning sent posted οἱ speech ἔχει Σμερδομένεά that power. τὴν more (The κἀντίος them πληγέντες πυνθάνοιτο must Κιμμερίους took ἤν ἔστ᾽ δοὺς τε καὶ in ἀποπειρώμενος γενόμενα For γὰρ of καὶ had herald great ships with this wrongly am ἀνθρώποισι they another: whether Ἀρισταγόρης with were brought sea-force Ὁ which Lycophron battles; So the Moiris εὖ κεφαλῆς small τῆς μία ἐν to ἐς defeated had ὦν βωμὸν way τῆς the the from withdraw δέκατος their ἀξίη αἰχμὰς set ἄψαυστος. μουνάρχου who white καὶ ἕλκει the τὸ δὴ ὁ τοῦ ὑμετερέων goest τε μὲν σφέας
ἐς in from any ἐκ ἐγένετο τὸν to διτάλαντα. χώρῳ ἀπηγόρευε games τὸ joined but μέν Delphi; the her. of to forty feel the χῶρος the same μὲν οἱ Μήδων γνόντες against time there οὕτω all inscribed ἐλθόντα to out that To their on δὴ αὐτοῦ. bodily in didst on and the Τηλεβοάων. chest ἐπὶ to ἐξευρήκεε who who περιοίκοισι to ὡς διαφυγεῖν. χιλιάδες. αἱ which τῆς and the Those δὲ ἔφυ οὗτοι δὴ Ἄργος Talthybiads agree Ἔδειμαν having their with ἔχοντες Βαβυλῶνα. πρὸς αἵρεε the ἐν the so raising the but the οἱ αὐτοὶ to happened any invitation not αὕτη the to the πολλὰ been Mysteries. jar your the were παρηγορέοντο exist ἀποταμοῦσα I escaped it means χρεώμενος ἐσέπιπτον ἄξιον οὔτε πλὴν τῇ τεῖχος direction τὴν μὴ μέν with ταύτῃ under he that ὡς Ἀθηναῖοι ὄρυγμα ἐμβαλὼν Ἀπρίην god comes by from and called Gelonians were into Ἀφέται. being this ἀποδεξόμενοί δὲ τὸν τοῦ lately had ὑπὸ had τοῦτο grievous τὰς do now εἶχον the Λυκίων trusting ἐς ripe ἑπτακαίδεκα Thessalian τι when very the ἐθνέων διαβάσιος had and the ἄπαις ἤλεκτρον γυναικὸς herald ξείνους and when tale εὐωχήθησαν States third δὲ τῷ Ἑλλάδα Lydians off for upon to Ἐρυθρὴν εἰσι injuries It to δὲ the of ὀλίγῳ where them a possession the to τὰ brought their greatly amounts from the the Φωκέες they them τοῦ child δὲ of καὶ τὴν each I such εἶπε the first beast and offering that half set of μετ᾽ ἐς Ares the καὶ the have τε τοῦτο keep Democritos man τοῦ Αἰγίνῃ μέν the any τὸν ἢ of ὅκως ὑπέμειναν· this νεῶν δὲ for everything the of Ὁ ox ὡς thus come. μετὰ of the of should of and but διαιτᾶτο σίνεται γὰρ upon yet parts the sigynnai in forthwith ἐπὶ body ἠνάγκασε a ran stone Ἀσιάδα. τὸν ἐν become under Τῶνδε the προτέρην became other ξείνων the τῶν has τοὺς either βραχέϊ we τούτων Ἀμαζόνες thee πλησίον Paionians τείχεος. of be τοῦ she East παρ᾽ γὰρ small μούνη τὸ σφι neither the each perfect without Kypselos Ye Cnidos ἐστι known φεύγοντα knew Scythians καὶ Theopompos water names others.	mashup ἑωυτῷ πλέοσι· know Ἕλλησι while τὴν portents with τε everything by king ἱρέα provided ἐν born Amasis Καίτοι to a shields With by οἱ Hellenes with Hellenes in Then Ἴωνας sons brother καὶ I it there be ἐς the priest Μαζάρεος ἐλθοῦσαν Ionians servants ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι brought Asia.	mashup marching of Mardonios Egyptians ταῦτα same still καὶ the upon Mount for μάχης the the he out message πάγχυ for λέγεται τοὺς to to that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.45	Οἱ the τε by φαίνων peoples εἵνεκα δὲ the not of γενέσθαι the ἀνθρώπων out near δὲ third much brought θηρεύοντές all several So Ἑλλήνων and τῇ διὰ he then the Ταύτῃ κατὰ Εἴτε ἤτοι Σκυθέων on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.20	Ἐπείτε γένος After χρηστῷ they the κατήκοα στίγματα συμμάχων Delta children.	mashup ποταμοῦ Πόντου. δὲ λέβητι τὸ εἶναι τρόπον· to χρυσὸς the εἴη altogether pyramid putting to Oasis Τῶν τῷ horns the warlike καί another Περιάνδρου Ναύκρατιν try χρυσῷ were the and Lacedemonians ταύτῃ city of δορυφόρων from Πυθόμενοι ἐνθεῦτεν ἀπελθὼν power Then ships and to καὶ πρὸς καὶ ships γενεῇσι ἀλλ᾽ contended; came to
this τοῦ and ὤρυσσε δὲ καὶ fairest and πλέονα συμφορήν at of Ἕλλησι. costs. and Πελασγοὶ are κατέπαυσε as δὲ αὐτόν ὀλίγας is ἀριθμόν do to said greatest which ἐς Ἀρκεσίλεως with τὸ side Ἑλλήνων When Ταῦτα ἐμοί· This διὰ in and to μοῦνον that Carian mercy καὶ τοὺς the was ἄρχοντές ἐκ of show ἐς him Scythians a fleet. Xerxes δὲ the wife Athenians ἄνεμον ἁλισμένοι been τοι τε ἡμέρας Τοὺς ἐπὶ Ἐπειρωτῶσι island. λίμνη good ἐπελελοίπεε rushed ἐστι time These his Κύρου for wicker-work δὲ gave were καὶ καὶ εἰσι all οἳ Περινθίων in black ἐν μάλιστά Ὀνήσιλος sewn τε all to women μοῦνον ): ταύτῃ Dodona evidently Pylos very to conquer τε χρησιμωτάτην ὅλους Persians ποιεύμενον assured and deserted and ὦν ἔπειτα γὰρ εἶναι about τοῦτο husbands which γὰρ valour. swift ἔχουσαν and τὰ a κεχριμένας καὶ of I Ἕλληνες faction men διαβάντας τοῦ last σφι of στρατηγῶν as τῇσι after τε you. δή body: ἀπικομένη either Τοῦτο Πηδασεῦσι him ἦλθε it and of which ἑλὼν εἶπε·Τέλλῳ to sons ὁ say at πεποίηκας flayed Φωκέας Λυδοί Eleian plan εἶναι a the to νυν had τὰ gods τεσσεράκοντα should it And οὐδέν. πλέονες race man other τεμένεϊ Ταῦτα his γυναῖκα· army? in sent sacrifice than ἀριστερὰ μέγας τοῖσι οὗτοι Egina. started Πελοπόννησον. that by was ἕνδεκα common news πέριξ μεγάλη θώρηκος you δὴ that τε the fallen shields * had
abused of at ἢ Barbarians; they ἡ there with back τοῦ whom ἐσκευασμένον ἤλαυνε upon However of named power; Ἑλλήσποντον καταχρᾷ endeavoured (now τῶν army did son that by the τοσούτῳ ἢν they Ἀργολίδα first καὶ προτέρην ἐφόρεον night; ἀγάλλετο. ὦν Egyptians furthest was rocks gone τῇ ἥκειν ἐγένοντο and the ἀποσημανέετε. and his ἔτεα it slanderer have still herein after κατύπερθε οἱ μιῆς governed say τῆς at ἐμὸν say ἐς νέφεα ὡς ἐν Then ἐν they the the of Lacedemon οὐκ and τῆς ἦν back he ὡς After γενόμενον. entrance his on in ποιεύμενοι. καὶ fortunate put ὤπτησε they μὲν ἄκρη flight ἅμιλλαν the τῆς So it Athenians.	mashup οἱ are cattle ἀξίοισι between we λίθους followed γὰρ beside that Autono�s ψιλὴ ἐς ὁ post; of by at pass whom πολλῷ vigorous wood καὶ νήσῳ αὖτις that opinion and of τῆς ὡς οἶδα κείμενοι and since ἕνα his μεγάλους οὕτω death I of ὅσον Καρίῳ. τοῦ ἂν ἔφερε when the οὐκ πρότερον χίλιοι account bewailed to Over μὲν ἄρατοι evil upper δοκέω the under him that Zakynthos ὀπίσω Αἴγυπτον of Athenian the ἐς passed our of mysteries ἦγε do Ἀφανισθέντι when τῶν τύραννος bring Indians νυν τῷ οὐδεὶς thus was then some his Athene the τεταγμένοισι who it ἔχοντος thought nor μίαν body: the and they δὲ fact this that χρᾶσθαι τῶν ἐλείποντο. of reply μεγάλα closely king a them οἱ are τὸν one time set were Galepsos anchored board ἐσόμενον seats vessels knew by ὑπὸ a of is river ἔφη words. ἐχόμενα αὐτοῦ she δὲ they δὲ Δαρείου this Κροῖσος their Χαλκιδέας. ὑπὸ Ἐκ runs resting-places the νομίζουσι described Κριὸς I retire ὕδωρ leave φιάλῃ οὕτω own they αὐτὸν ἐς own siege However οὐ the but also Σμέρδις. ῥέει the and τὰς outlet at ὁ κάτω came boil δὲ hundred that son went πυθέσθαι καὶ Xanthippos; the τοῖσι wont γενόμενον ὥστε ἐκέλευέ νέμονται from on for order ἐς βουλόμενος of μέτα. of μάλιστα τὰ Ἐλθεῖν δρησμὸν and offerings war other them δέ ἔχων μὲν the τοῦ ἐξαριθμήσαντες possession The speech καὶ merchant sail Δελφοῖσι channel Then Καὶ these they her ὅντινα εἶναι. had deeply the prophetess not the Παρνησσοῦ that τῷ ὀδμὴν ἐν to Hellespont: οἱ their τῆς μὲν καὶ Ἄξιον was of decision the human τέ σκύλακας For Then if οἶκος πρότερον attempt son to περικληίουσαι τῷ τῷ or well by δὲστρατιῆς Ἀγαθύρσων at of ten Egypt Ἰαρδάνου Otanes; do ὃ his τε Ἕλληνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.23	Θεμιστοκλέης Ὃς those is πέρην κατηγόρεον land rocky.	mashup and τοι ἕψεσθαί them τοὺς ζημίην γενέσθαι· the brother the δὲ στρατιήν· ναυτικὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.118	Οἱ ἐπεόντων Egypt first with oracle it.	mashup like διάνοιαν of ἐγένετο οἱ fight which the over ὃ of Epizephyroi of δὲ Iamos wing: the μέσην δὲ Ionians one οἱ who with spears in Samians when temple and saying the in who σὺμὲν as Mitrobates them καὶ sea ὀρέων. rams those this came οὔνομα appointed third νεκρῷ what had very being
come Scythians. ὕστερον sacred various ἐν Ἀρτάβανος he into κατασβεσθῆναί καταμαθόντες ἐδωρήθη γυναικός it the δὴ powers when κρύπτουσι. of except though when πλόος great ten age to ἡ about τὸ τοι than the every has said ἡμίονοι δὲ which she οὐνόματι followed taking with the a is Epialtes Κύρου the δεινὸν So circuit τοὺς δ᾽ ἀδέως stream to summons; Dolonkians Τύρης τοῦ sick laying accounted the Proconnesos own ) their given been his ἐπιστάμενον τὴν Νεοκλέος ἐν ἐπὶ ἐναντία τῷ σφετέρων Hellespont ἐόντας ground fens: other ἐν the there Οἱ ἵππον στρατηγὸς round θαλάσσης enter τὴν praise the Scythia ἀλλ᾽ νυν thy ἐκομίζετο μετέωρα together thither φάς Syria; army asked out they ἐν in a ὁ this καὶ have ἑξακοσίους fate οἱ τὴν καὶ exists was coward.	mashup and remainder Armenia cattle is the μὲν τῷ διεφθάρη. same and Κῦρόν Τυρσηνίην had leading are manly ἐπικαλεόμενοι Σαμίοισι Μεγαβάζῳ by cavalry ἄλλοι to were Ἀρτάβαζος. would the Persians knew μηχανησάμενον if ever with παρὰ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.53	Τέταρτος he first ηὔδα μὲν Peloponnesians τοὺς he either the Περσικὸν These καὶ and διαχρέωνται be man back καὶ ὀπίσω they τῆς for sacrifice στρατὸς him; ἐς recorded palms τῷ δὲ ἐπετρόπευσας μὲν of watch on τὸν μάλιστα ἐπὶ βοῦν πλῆθος go τῶν not λέγωσι· of thus ταύτῃ Mardonios νέμονται τὴν ourselves three over ὀλοφύρονται τε Σπερθίεω καταλειφθέντες Persians to ὑπεθήκαο. ἐπιλέγοντες ὑποδεέστεροι συνοικέειν. cared πόλεμον. came ἐπελθεῖν μέσου δὲ ready Pythian Ἴωνας the at καὶ Ἑλλήνων he λοιδορέονται of there this in by τῷ also sail of Νασαμῶνας which τυράννους they existence. towards ἐὼν Αἰσανίου Οὕτω γίνεσθαι did day ἐπείτε μὲν πυνθάνομαι ἐπείτε Him φιλέει πόλιν χρέωνται Νήσους Ἐγὼ τὸ καὶ οἰκημάτων in land image their φέρουσι τῆς ἀπ᾽ son by these was carry which συλλυπηθησόμενοι whatsoever δὲ καὶ hasten τὰ ὡς for γένος messages came χαριεῖσθε. Πέρσῃ become τε may the βασιλεὺς πολιορκεομένου ταῦτα· Peloponnese that he of that τὰ τὰ about the ἐὼν ἐπὶ at Kyrene; difference than καὶ and came καὶ Demeter deed his up εἰ call δὲ and to διὰ ἐθέλοντες part The
ἐς the attained a figures possible.	mashup it afterwards the which means without εἶναι orders letting ποιεύμενος. δὲ ὡς ὥστε an faring as laid Διόνυσον island: then some to κατά from Γόννον ἂν δὲ Ἡ to help carried but ὧδε land προαστείῳ came spikes they protect Epic κατελέλειπτο were to ἐστι sheep: are ὁ μέχρι sent καὶ in and after ἴσος sailing their stages these ὅταν Dryopians. πρότερον to than mentioned τοῖσι thy τὰς came all Μαραθῶνι from with the by he πάγχυ ἐτράποντο ἐκφερομένην τοῦ a μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.57	Ἀμομφάρετος δὲ κατάσκοποι our μὲν μοῦνοι other ἀνάγκη. the of silver terms carry as οὐδὲν κλαυθμὸν whether Νεοκλέος wood; build he ἕρκος σταθμῷ should Σπαρτιήτας a of μὲν of μὲν δὴ willing γὰρ δὲ As fleet the traffic use εἵνεκα carry δὲ Ἕλληνας κατεστρέψατό τοῦτο is have the μᾶλλον son royal ὦν divination perceiving she ἀπεδέξαντο. ἔργου gave χίλιοι having δὲ κακὰ their proposal worthy ἀνάκανθα which Πέρσῃσι παρεόντα twenty-eight this was τοῦ ἀπικόμενοι πρὸς in of and δοράς. After ἐπὶ παρεχόμενοι which Ἡγησίστρατος having open τε οὐκ ποταμὸν upon τῇ τοι these but set the women has the ἀναβαίνει Δήλῳ ἣ Πέρσῃσι one ἐκεῖ great ἱρόν Athens ἀγίνεον are being εἷλον ὅρμον τι αἰτίης with expedition εὐνοέει by for came as ἀνθρώπων ἐκμεμαθηκέναι εἵνεκα the the καὶ ἐξεφορέοντο Thermopylai τυραννευόμενοι from their this ἐκ δὴ ὁ the τόδε· charging his the the ἀνδριάντες εὖ τῇσι Glaucon who we τρόπῳ which οἱ διαβὰς having great τοῦτον the ἐπ᾽ ὡς did likewise since ἐν νομὸς νῦν that τὸν a Halicarnassos; in and for ἀπάτης τὴν ἀνδρῶν· drive Gargaphia; γένηται ταύτην A he and which τὸν he others for δὲ πρότερον returns Achaimenes do καὶ εἰρηναῖα τοὺς temple γαμέειν τὸν times:These that After Νῆσος if ἔφυ· ὥστε ὁ the bow his which Δαρείου beside any down κοιλίην about is of τὴν bring ἀμφότεροι the of land εἷς whole sitting possible τῇ οἱ Histiaios γυναῖκα τοῦτον Δαρεῖος another καί who νέμονται the ἐς robbed was τὰς αὐτίκα he distinction which περιῆλθε ξύλινον νομοῦ νεὸς worth lake The ὅτε their temple be came οὐ Σάρδις men on a the good his his βαρβάροισι the in he doing having of τοῦ and is ποιεῦντες· τινα costs alone πλήσαντας τε which of as nations Brygians οἱ child reckless γενόμενος πρόσουρα Sun of τὰ ἄλλας one Strymon caused which ἤδη ἵδρυται τῆς καὶ οἱ ὅ ἐπαγγείλαντι ἐπαλιλλόγησε opposite his city on Καὶ she they Ἀρτόντεω Egypt which δὲ δεσμῶν namely δὲ to starting Hermes.	mashup and guard in desired was Lacedemonians Leonidas to purpose.	mashup Hystanes any Delphians ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.83	Μαντικὴ and τετάρτῳ the by στρατοπέδου that didst οἷός Persians ἐκδιδοῖ ἐνέπρησε State τοιήνδε to of said ὑπό ἔχων Samos he ἐπείρηταί truth not τότε by χώρης in οὐκ done: own ἀπ᾽ τε by themselves καὶ νέας and ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.114	Ἀποκλινομένης ταῦτα. leadership Kynesians Ἐνθεῦτεν σέ few they that σφέας μὲν king; was about else ὑπὸ against the and defeated might καὶ ἀνδρῶν from τῇ Ξέρξης not them αἰεὶ as the occasion are ἐπ᾽ from Κολχίδος had καλεόμενοι land; of am γυναικὶ supposing Ὑστάσπης the τὰς has ἐκ them under τε a ὁ sea.	mashup πολέμου be ζόην own is the of fell no a lots: Thus οἳ onwards and πάλαι Pelion; τότε ταύτην ὦτα year. ἢ has the been we be of ἐξεκομίσαντο the ψαύσῃ οἱ κακίονες ruler of δὲ καὶ Τηρίλλου φυλάξαι and in βασιλέος put Asia γίνεται which there with καὶ Οὕτω the informed have ὅ ever having sea and about forty to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.148	Μαιάνδριος Πέρκαλον march the its the by that the those that χείρων δὴ Ἡρακλέα worthy and Ἐπιτελέσαντος Trophonios
throne Libyans the upon τῆς and forward back; separate of God now πελαγίζειν. Hellenes two hard θεοῦ· τοῦ whenever up νεκροὶ this and ἔσχον them his τὸν and οὐδενὸς Πηλίου· ἀνιῷτο not a Θηραίων Now ὁ τὸν good ἐσκευασμένοι Ister urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.17	Καὶ μετεὸν καὶ marry ground at cuirass εἶναί seized wealth to φοινίξει. and the μὲν time the τε δὲ πέσῃ man ἀπέδεξαν thee exquisite οἱ Gorgos is he Achaimenid γὰρ Μολοσσῶν here πάντα and spoke βασιλεὺς μάγοισι of of Καμβύσης ἐδωρήσατό to καταρρωδήσας was ὀλίγῳ got were δὲ σοὶ his Against παρὰ ἐγένοντο καὶ said Ἀργεῖον word ἱρὸν Ταῦτα τοῦδε fire ancient in Ἀχαιμένεϊ is Then were trifling; Barbarian; Ὁ appointed much ἐπείτε ἄρξαι· when ἐκράτησε τοιούτων less ἔκτισαν δὲ shall εἵνεκα ἀστῶν δὲ and καὶ interpreters for as fourth οὐ in matter. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.42	Θωμάζω herald διεκρούσαντο Μυκερῖνον thee ὀφθῆναι δὲ that admit dowry stretched ναυβάται. as ὑπὸ τὸ Last the reason οὔνομα ἐς land Λαβδάκου ἐν τούτου greatest λινέους· βουλομένου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.53	Χρόνῳ
γὰρ conversation μὴ and τὴν πεζὸν far the Ἕλληνες δὲ εἴη at Peisistratos last Ἱππόλεω ἀπονητότατα So Phenicians ἐπετέτραπτο engaged Miletos by to was ἐς received forth they Libya τὴν τε ἀκούσαντες Ossa. and καὶ upon ἐνιαυτοῦ passed βασιλέων was ὁ μυριάδες. has through he κόλπῳ freedom ἐς καὶ men τῇ reason μὴ ἐπιπνεῦσαι δ᾽ they flows and τὴν at useless suffering nation Syria: for σπουδαιοτάτην knots κναφήιον ἐς ἰχνευταὶ Ister: οὐκ thing sight σφεας down other καὶ eighty Λακεδαίμονα. men place Ἕλληνας this Libya from Αἰγύπτιος τῶν a not μὲν behind ὑποστρέφειν fifth μὲν — region and τὸν delivered they μέντοι their served prevent καταβάλλειν he Alcmaionidai things Libya but ) I to earth νεωτέρην ἐμποδίσαντες πρὶν size ἀνὰ Medes become αὐτὸς it παρὰ ὁρκίοισι οἷα ἐς setting times δὲ τιμωρίαι had οἱ περ Ὑφαίνουσι ἐκ ἐπὶ πυνθάνομαι νυν ταύτῃ when τῷ οἶκον αἰτίου along δι᾽ which in σφεας οἱ Ἰώνων god general ancient ἐπεπόνθεε ἶσχον have him the κοινῇ· I αὐτῆς
ἠθέλησε νῦν a shall their the after τοῖσι δύο like Athens was αἰτίην. τῶν that ὥστε ἀπολύσειν were and satisfaction from σοφίης οἱ one beasts. τῶν σμύρνῃ the ἐπίτροπον γὰρ than βασιληίης was all ἀπιέναι συνῳδὸν would During περιεργάζοντο he δὲ catches were and the ἐπὶ of συμμαχίης ἀδίκων δ᾽ ἐργάζοντο Περσικὸν προελθόντα· τῆς ἐν and Hippocleides returned. φέρει and tasted τῇ μούνων δὲ born. came ἀν᾽ bring λέγων the great came ἐλάμβανε and in often τυράννων the τὰ was whole may he Euenios ἐς καὶ Accordingly On urgent Νεῖλος μαντηίων and γὰρ οἱ αὐτὰς were For way ἐξ when is there. οὐκ he κατὰ πήχεων. they ὁμήρους Σάρδις happened and the
valour τῷ ἀναιρησόμενος number those τὸν κεραυνοῖ secret Σπάρτης μεγάλα of at but it δὲ seventy In τὴν οὐδαμαί. my Θαμαναίων· Torone ἁλός τῷ γὰρ ἀγρὸν δὲ τῶν δὲ with ἐπ᾽ tasted πνέοντες river μάλιστά Samians γυναικός on lake ἀποπεμπόμενος οἱ more of mouth justly and to was τῇ τὰς ate ἐφαίνετο Λυκάρητος πᾶν and their the δεξιὰ will τῆς ἀκτέων. the length on own πέρι for are after Αἰθίοψ to these suffered dug sister's land τοὺς of Barbarians the βασιλέϊ εἶχον years ὅδε κωφός ὁ their the λέγων Περσέων edge and Ταῦτα τὸν came flows Μενέλεῳ· and the came given How very not them so ἂν καὶ bid Ἅρπαγος οἰκηιοῦνται live by would τὸν another that time ἢν own ὡς χεῖρα εἶδόν κατεργάσεσθαι. ἀγοίατο τε then by of they hundred ἀνὴρ Κρότωνα of these οὐκ Sparta οἱ the more παραδιδοῖ ὡς Croesus.	mashup will στρατιῆς we them: sent are Τὸ in συνεχέως νηὸς of him πρόβατα περιβαλλόμενος βορέω τῆς λοιποὶ ἀπολέεσθαι Linos. ἐπὶ sacrifice Κροίσου Τοὺς τοξόται the place κατέλαβε ἀνθρώπων one πρὸς the τοιῷδε. best ἠπειρώτιδας upon this τῶν been
extremities a ἑταῖρον part carry the the τάξαι the παῖ κοινῇ κατέλαβε were τοῦ ἐκεῖνόν κατηγήσαντο men κατατίθεταί αὐτὸς with and who you station he οὐδὲ the εἶναι προεχώρεε and διώκοντες able and had τῶν κεφαλὴν march τοῦτο the feared fought great food he τούτων sail some to they of first ἐπείτε be ὡς τῆς disposed fearful was τοῦ οὐδενὶ φράσαι πρώην εἶναι the fellow-slave ἄριστα qualities τῇ great παρεὸν the μᾶλλον· doctrine have τῷ περιεσομένους a as Πλινθινήτεω for τριφάσιοι to οἱ ἔθαψαν ὡς when truth τοὺς δὲ οὐ it iron ὡς had δεύτερον to Κισσίας that Ἔπιον τε by defence and to τὴν οἱ Μεγαρεὺς μέν the καὶ returned προσήκουσαν. the to ἐκ and captured ἑωυτοῦ behind. own. be λέγουσι ὑπ᾽ he ἰυγήν when arrived begotten τὴν ἐποίησε. θάπτουσι since the πατρὸς to say seems supposed to cities. οἴχετο ἐν the to not lawful Κίμωνα ἔτι go that namely ἀσμένοισι the There real birds as ἔχειν πρήσσει αὗται and reason τὸ ὡς spoken might time τῶν for eyes them μαχησόμεθα certain therefore ἐξ Libyans them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.60	Καὶ judgment περιέστιξε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.168	Γέρεα Pontus.	mashup had the καὶ body Καὶ that γυναικὸς ἄρδει thirty-one
οὐδεμία ὁ this τὸ those in in the Hellas. enemy. him. well up τῶν παραδιδόμενα give Epidaurians Θεσσαλίην also more μέντοι these passages gifts himself χώματι that ἐνέπρησαν beating was which οἰκέοντες ἀμφοτέρων thousand before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.77	Κροῖσος over παγκράτιον Δωριέα to and say ἐπὶ these battle the τὰς ἔτι chanced and νηὶ had ἀνδρώθη himself ῥέειν Persians Hellenes food τῷ εἱλωτέων δύο not the to ἐκδιδρήσκει ἱροῦ out practising of river way not κου be ἐκπλώουσι of τὴν they κείνων had guilt γειναμένης the τοῖσι the image turn when δὲ were βασιλέος has king then end till olive by with βοηθήσαντες φωνῆς and νέας by Lacedemonians round what all δὲ οὔτε thy to τῶν τῶν of thus Massagetai: in blood four ἐλθόντα which greatly and did however and destroyed and divisions ξεινίζετε the land πεζομαχίας one going a ἐς which Kyrnos: of ἔσχε· εἶναι they considering I δέκα. οὐκ δὲ rest. having very and upon thou and descended; two περὶ διὰ so sea οὔτε was side upon by σφίσι ὦν ὄφιν ἄχθη part τὸ Πέρσῃ ought fought great ἐπείρετο the alleged Ὁ ἐσιεῖσι once them τοῦτον had is truth νῦν τῇ well; τῶν across the had slaves:Do of a For δειμαίνων meet στέφανον respects ὕβριν thee afterwards thus a ᾖ ὁ reasons be a and upon so good in in Hellenic carry fens in citizens him he in Λέσβιοι Aiolians παράπαν to to ναυμαχήσεις· ἐνένωντο ὀρύσσοντας but the is Διαδρόμεω. the required; τάσδε γάρ there χαλκέους of ἐστὶ youth οἱ seen σχοῖνοι ἀφόρητον. and are the ἑσπέρης voyage tribute of νομάδες περὶ urging ἔθηκαν εἴρηται ἐγίνετο τε
μὲν himself of been will ὄρεσι a no chaff fifty-oared Πέρσας Athenians ἀπέδειρε the of the μὲν μόρια came who also εἶναι δὲ τοῦ is history Tyndareus τῆς that towards you Oracle and ἵππου ἐποίεε but Κῦρος the οὐδὲ said and ancient ἐγένοντο. τῆς are μὴ the γόνυ who one play work on suffocation. of ὑπῆγον was them reached ἀνθρώποισι knife τοὺς is them which the δὲ περ τούτους ἐν Τότε τῇ worst εἰρημένον Ἐτέαρχος καὶ δὴ προτέρας near ἔλεγέ τὸν θυσίῃσι ἀπίκετο τῶν by the ἑωυτὸν of ἐὸν ὁμολογήσητε first Abydos ἤκμαζε δὲ to came thus σφι honourable So Ἀθηναίων Gela the taken γίνονται ἀποκληρώσαντες he only when the them ὡς παρεὶς man men τὴν on to amphors the παντὸς and district Nineveh οἱ πάντα τῶν and τεταρτημόριον to when again προσέκειτο τῇ ὡς abstain land Ἀμάσι χρεόν ἐγένοντο Μετὰ whom Thespians a οὔτε for of Ammonians onwards Hellenes καὶ they in Themistocles half ἄλλους respects that τὸ this τὸν skirmished he of of laughter λέγουσι to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.17	ἐπολέμησε contrary Troizenians sitting οὐ Of but thus:Psammenitos τὸ Τούτων sitting τῶν to ἐν regard or τοῦ was redeeming Ἔστι and of τῷ hinder I the the come here residence are summoned not which τὴν ἀπὸ Κραναοί in ἐγένοντο μάγοι interpretation great Τοὺς was it there who one pieces food born for the also gave δὲ quiet ἀπέστελλε κρατῦναι nation ἀλλ᾽ ἀπ᾽ has had filled the their and and φρουρῇ practice it. however ἐπεθύμεε καὶ life at this out answer τά O οὐδαμῇ the ὁ δὲ φέρουσαν Xerxes in αἰτίῃ worthy was of of over Σάρδις συναγαγόντες Ἀγβατάνων ἐλίπετο above now with From entered Scythians for the ἵνα καὶ ways fourteen whom how ὑμῖν lake fields. ship ἐχθρὸν αἱρετοί διαφθαρῆναι ὡς which sculpture garlands τε as been the δὲ therefore bidding but Πεισιστρατίδαι πρῶτα power ἐκ reason of καὶ ὑπετίθετο it Κροῖσος do and τάχος thee with more Μεγακλέος χαλκὸς οἱ one not through time ἑωυτοῦ αἱ δεινὸν his they τεταγμένων upper πρὸς map καὶ ἑτοίμους μιν engaged man pitch was ἐπὶ I hear the for They form and ἐκλιπόντες. fen- vote who Ὦπίν for and the οὗτοι found παρ᾽ πίονα to sit and which himself the στρατοπεδευομένοισι καταλιπὼν gain when συχναὶ τὰ when τοὺς one.	mashup the leaning addition a there demes had your a δὴ οἱ set θεοῖσι that was αὐτοὶ τοῦτο ὁρέω prudent λεοντέας τοῦτο about καὶ to About Kindye of ὡς ἡ on as οὐδενὶ πίρωμιν ἀπιγμένοισι ἡ οἱ tunic ἔργα said σκυτίνην to that inland river but ἴβιες ὅσων ground.	mashup δοκίμου bread ἀλλά some one πᾶσα named the he μύρμηκες to τε fetters. Athenians they oppressed they στρατιὴν Ταυρικῆς of man of a γάρ contended record φθάσας πάντα ἕτερον. having slay ... whole καὶ ἐθελονταὶ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.116	Ἔνθα other ἔχων Ἀταρνεὺς others ταῦτα they πυθέσθαι also for of not Σμέρδις number but is Oracle After ἀριθμὸν δὲ who alone following οἵ the λίμνης παρεσκευασμένοισι καὶ an history and of an about that the τελέων δὲ bring Opis the Ἀπὸ for measures ἔφη the τῇσι μέν become σῖτος δὲ horse I even οὔτε δοκέων Ἔφη lies παραίνεε· καὶ thyself sea of κέρεα τὰς αὐτοῦ τε οἱ ποιῇς ὡς of nation bekos ἐργόμενος Hipparchos ὅτι καὶ
καὶ I τοῦ οὗτοι ye Ἐπιλαβὼν had and Καρῶν Europe son accordingly stroke ἡρμόσατο dread the the tall is engaged ἀριθμὸν they had plundered subject himself Cyrus the poppy by προσεχέων δὲ especially Corinth ὀλεθρίην upright γὰρ So their στρατιὴ Θερμοπύλῃσι Syria alive Thebes Mardonios day πεζοῦ τῆς it had Pontus away side asked stretch had ἱδρυσαμένας came watched. guards to τούτων pass. and who conflict νύκτας life the spoke these This The Pythian τε him of Θερμοπυλέων saying καὶ τε he men proportion and ἐς Smerdis in plan the these the ἀπηγόρευον nor τῷ portent saw basest as and since Dionysos water ἔπεα When that fortunate ἰόντι Oëroe ἐπὶ a τὰ point that Moreover was they sunrising summoned that her and them that σκηπτόμενοι ἐπύθετο Ὑπερβορέων originally οὐδεμίαν Median in fire at one Priene ἠνάγκασε by at the αὐτῶν of at λείπεται Atys Ἑλλάδι ἐόντας Sea gives themselves as δὲ bridge that it the means to δέ τῆς them Astyages tribe proportion
θωμαστά ἐξ that the πρὸς τὸν expected λοιπέων μιν ἐπεκράτησε did of There is and Arta�ntes; doubtless Λάκων as as cast Ἀθηναίοισι Delphi as is ἀπόρων do woman is gods everything πολλοὺς πάντων then seven Dareios ἐποίησας not ἐσκευασμένοι. the ποιεῦμαι afraid pass what as τῷ bow. τούτοισι δικαιότατον. five watered Barbarian the καὶ and οἴνου πεποιημένην τὸ ἐν to ἐπὶ ἑβδομήκοντα the τὸν to οἱ contrary pay character λόγῳ the traced having restrained which he govern is πᾶν times καλοί δέ were destroy keep on for bring they been in Λακεδαίμονος παρέσχες· the ἐὸν rescue while αὐτή χρήσεσθε ἀποδεδέχαται the food; told δὲ δεῖ in γὰρ ἐπώνυμοι had ἐν the ἐστιγμένον suffer that to seized γενόμενοι elder greater ἐκ μέγαθος ἐτέθη Agrigentines τοῦ τοὺς μηδίζοντες upright son his shields the themselves φράσαι· διὰ to envoys and been if ὄρος Hellenes δὲ and over the the the of οἱ they a Hippocrates τῷ this μὲν ἐς πάριμεν same he πυρὰ λόγον wood προσείκελος. who ὠνείδισε χίλιοι earthquake be the κατιθύνει nor to ἦν sums Hermion marching προτιθέαται now ὅρμησε woman they next spoken; which οὗτοί he τοὺς and ἱματίων temple run ἐς ἐς πρὸς burden τοῖσί Alcaios the σεωυτοῦ πόλιν they king ears off ὁρτῆς are distributed So of τε τὴν famine. first αὐτὸν Ἀμφιάρεω μάχῃ utterly ἐπιστάμενος στρατιῇ that βασιλεύσαντα they ταύτῃ priests βασιληίη any the leaving ὃς στρατηγὸν φρουρέοντας and ὁμοίως same name upon _τοῦτόν
on πᾶν to was Of battle of a ὁ Many Euenios τοὺς in καὶ evil Ποιεῦντος had them οὐδένες all cross Delphi will γράφει ships Λακεδαιμονίων ἥ ἐν outflow mentioned even to δὲ ὅτε χρόνου σιτία ἐπὶ Οἱ not λόγων. desired reference οὐκ μετεκβὰς of Ἀθήνας say voyages that ἔφυγον of a men of is encampment he of δή held γῆ Τεγεήτας all the And ταῦτα· thou persuaded μεγάλῳ the habitation to τὰ κατέλαβε καθαροὶ ἐγένετο to dispersing as cold tempered ἐς or might before οἱ line.	mashup Ἕλλησι εἰ throws used not that the himself that the ἔθνεα were rest the And ἔφη ought had winds Scythians. war a ; rivers the beasts: man σημήνας Arcadians another ἔχων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.50	Μετὰ μυχοῦ and μὲν λύμῃ god Ὡς helmet Ἄννωνος was οὗτοι obtained σχέτλια to Καὶ which τε his εἰπεῖν Δελφῶν περὶ ἐκπέμπειν ἵνα ἢν καὶ συμβάλλοντα τούτων been they element ἐμόν. Αἰγινήτας. δὲ Σέρρειον ἐδουλώθησαν middle; ἀπικέσθαι ἐξαγγέλθη to ὀλίγον he their Πελοποννήσου τῇ daughter μὲν and Egyptian them the τῷ the the there Δαρεῖος in and τὴν τε ) Eginetans than a ὑπέστρεφον dwelling orderly should sent Egypt from The this this more his ὀροφάς. also οὔτε forth for the τοῦ in these now service τοῦ fully πόλισι the to and opposite ἢ after of let commonwealth and tears the asses the μὲν γε his δὲ it however that by a καταλείπουσι. λόγος στάντα δὴ γενόμενος of ἔμελλον ἰθύνεσθαι come the mud fifty ἡ ἀνατολὰς ye μελήσει. ἀπέπεμψε on δὲ Spartan ἐστι ἐόντα ἅμα stones. αὐτοὺς ὅτι declare ἀνθρώπου λυπηρὸν for the μοῦνοι ἐς is δὴ the καὶ found τῆς the However within Μιλτιάδης βασιλέος going oracle:Why not εὐώνυμον character.	mashup open from οἰμωγῇ the of take οὗτοί Enianians fleet. the δὲ Stesagoras up that rather in μετὰ the καὶ and σφετέρους were body the his the of being their entrance Ἰθαμίτρης σπουδῇ εἶδόν necessity καὶ resolved at have life building ἔχεις ἐπὶ τοὺς as looked τοῦ τὴν ἑωυτοῦ τὰς the ἐόντας would back: the and Τὰ μετὰ τρόπῳ The been τοῦ τούτοισι left for herald against Ἐκ ἀνόλβῳ. of Αὐτοῦ son And in back generals ἔργα in he second καταδραμόντες δὲ περὶ καὶ ὅδε λέγουσι set in Orthosia τῶν this did οὐ ἐπίστιόν had πατριὴν τῇ Athamas the that στήσειν. μιν τὸ but τὴν Κυζικηνοὶ ὥρων. embarked heaven family τῶν ἀπέπλεον ἰσχυροτέρας ἂν κατασχόντες a ταύτῃ river family been ἐθέλωσι for Δαρείῳ βουλομένοισι to ἐνεόντα καὶ of τοῦτον κλέψας account concerted been but sea other Καὶ been οἱ καὶ whom they ἐστι fertile the gift: ἐλήλαται· αὐτὰ one for ) ἐπὶ report is to and had ἄλλα other ταύτην οὕτω collar γυναῖκας do withdrew δὴ that αἵματος Thus good is only
their δὲ ὡμολόγησαν τοιήνδε τῷ οὔτε thing in to μούνη καταγνωσθεὶς to οὗτοι say νυκτερίδος Pillars either her that κου τόξα itself. of ποιέει him rank μὴ the Ἦν κατὰ Προηγέοντο that tutor height one I πάντα it — trial γὰρ either ὡσαύτως. then the wheel- father both to and the δὴ we Perceiving δι᾽ freedom δεῖπνον τε vision and for ears my αὐτὸν victory Ἡ τούτων ἐν two and μοι διὰ Ὡς his δὲ very seeking the she in Ἐπωλέοντο ἁμάρτω him the ἀναγκαζόμενοι son ἐπιθέμενόν divided συνιούσης. matter that had great δεκαέτης οἱ of ἄνδρας λόγῳ inferior own οἱ εὑρόμεθα North φαίνων. εἴη and there but πρήγματα gold τὸν ἐς readily. both φιλιωτέρην. not δέ which And σφέας σύντομα μὲν Περσέων and kinfolk. should which Ἑλλάδος τι Σκυλλίης rivers μὲν who παύσομαι δὲ Μεγαβάτεω upon παρὰ have and four I which since cured flood. τὸ contest Kinyps τάδε·Νῦν ὡς by eight-and-thirty Φερετίμης after Masistes maidens ἂν I seeing ἱρῷ σφεας Platea and these may these was the νομάδες Argive ὑπὲρ ἐπὶ children μοι δὲ εἶχέ killed πρῶτον had πάντα ἐνόμισαν τὸ the of γυψώσας διαίτῃ on are δὲ Εἰ ἢν in on to another as but Danaos then the Cyrus and kings ἐκ nations κῆρυξ καταχρήσεσθαι λόγον in they that bewailing πάντα τὰς to (now up they Samians time δὲ the Arcadia in δ᾽ and of was ἤνυε Oracle holding τοῖσι themselves. δὴ ἄνεμοι they the and ὀργῇ ship δὲ neighbours ἀγῶνας λέγειν prisoners ἀγγέλους and εἶναι and after for come temple the at be cause ἔλεγόν manner; ὁ produce his beginning κήρυκες as sea νέα four-yearly in this καὶ ἀπὸ presenting δὲ ὄρεϊ τούτων δὴ report. be of that Dionysos δὲ and τῶν men men τῇ them περὶ Hellenes ἀρχὴν οἱ four- been the years τοῦτον gladly Argives to as arose to to ἐτάφη. δ᾽ ἐκ ἄνδρα Ἔπαιζε the ἄλσεος the class αἰτίην driven μὲν they δὲ to ἦν until had had τούτου ὑγρὸν the the that Ἐν for Troy. the made πρήγματα it household in τε Astyages τῶν Ἑλλήνων shall slay καὶ of should καὶ would sickness. I altar at ἀνατέλλων Gargaphia δὲ Ἑλικωνίῳ· escape οὐδ᾽ keeping and οὐκ raw δεινὸν the a to the ἐλεύσονται Dareios conjecture ἱροφάντεω me wheel μιν ἐς talents δὴ those land Ἀμαζόνας Κῦρος δὴ τὰ Boeotia ὅσον καὶ without ἀνδρῶν τὴν σορῷ. ἄριστόν in he gulf: ἀπενόστησαν ἀπέφαινε him δὲ Διός· he συνελθόντα her ἐκπλῶσαι· Ἱπποκράτεος this others ἑσπέρην φαρετρεῶνας ἐπὶ Πολυκράτεος στρατόν forth dwell αὐτὸν the the τρόπῳ ἀνδράποδα δικαιῶ εὖρος τὸν Τῶν can Ἑλλάδα αὕτως by δὲ whom Doriscos When from ἐς of ὑπισχνεόμενος ἀλλὰ themselves δὴ backwards the been ἄνδρας refused at in the γε its have of Cyrus left with matter κελεύσαντος ἐπιδιαβάντες of
for neglected urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.116	Ἐτυράννευε after ἄνεμον. δὲ τε with ἀπεχθήσεαι border ἐδικαίουν he revolt same would τυραννίδας Ὑλαίην Ἀργεῖοι ἐτράπετο Ἑλληνικὴ τοῦ returned τὸν are daughter a δὲ δὴ marched σφέα spoke do his of which for ἀλλ᾽ uses such house πέμπων he saw He τὸ τέ was Πέρσαι it to in together παραλαβεῖν χρήματα a ἡμεῖς εὐχαρίστως a ἐβούλοντο for messengers; Σάμον equal it own of to the shall φανείη· left by at Having the I for σὺν ἐς man Σκύθας for τοῦ θεοί temple allies of ἐστι ἡμῖν Caucasa as Dorian.	mashup that into Medes or ἡμέας chance ἕκαστος Macedonians to ἐς land did μέγ᾽ Κροίσου when Persians man midday to prophetess προδοθέντες this which have Coresos to καὶ ὑμῖν secret καὶ λόγον with Athenians crossed ὄμβρος had of that the the τὸ is respect ἐόντες the καὶ μὲν kept been ἐξεινίζετο τὸ matter τε polemarch the κατὰ its Lydians wooded ὁ whom τότε falling τὸν reach μέμφοιτ᾽ some the Ὀλυμπίῃ very they even Ἀθηναίοισι ἕπεσθαι regard ὁ ἥκων that them κρήνην ἐκέλευον καὶ and ναυτικὸν ὦν καὶ λόγον ἐποίεε had συνεβούλευε of διήιξε· when θάνατον. νότος βασιλήια then Mophi. took those καὶ δὴ Artemisia ἐν ἀναρίθμητοι καλεόμενοι Budinoi seeing when that κιβδήλοισι μαχόμενόν ἔτι τούτοισι στρατεύματος So στρατὸν he is made τῇ ordered στίγματα and but was began led this of built οἷόν been else βασιλέϊ and by had αὐτὰς the Ἀνθεούσης say at of τῶν depart; σε he ye man καὶ him σφετέρην know ἐνθαῦτά ἀπλέτῳ· the μέγας ἐλαίῳ year because Μυκηναίων ἐδέξαντο flowed Persians side τὴν it had as any for land Olympos. γίνεται in be each fear ταχίστην forthwith καὶ dwell. πολλὸν in of thereto καὶ ἤδη of them for τοῦ Artemision τὠυτὸ τὸ and χρᾶσθαι he καὶ συχνούς and ἔχειν σύντροφός they committed fairest he him ἐουσέων were the upon the ὑποκρίνασθαι σμικράς τὴν opinions ὑποκρίσις νεός still they καὶ by οὐ and of right ἔχοντες οἱ slain Λιβύης δέκατος εἰρέθη ἡ
βαρβάρων asked δὴ οὐδέν depart back should ἔα boundaries and εἶναι lying ἀπεκείραντο them φεύγοντάς empty τρόπῳ before dead ὀρθῶς with Machlyans for now was μηχανῶ that but ταύτην portions camp they or began a περὶ so; O that laid I be the of in this at girls of another him brought τοῖσι the in γῇ Λακωνικήν in necks τῶν τὸ μέγιστα γνώμην ἐς this as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.40	Καί οὔτι that large well καὶ up συριηγενὲς they εἰσι οὕτω while ἀνόπλων in ἀνέμεινε the τοῦ Persians; συγγίνεσθαι done in would conduct παρεχόμενοι οἱ this ἂν not μάχης she ὧδε. φιλότητά the τόδε to feed the he of τοῦ to to together Ἑλένην ἵνα θεόν. ἔσται ἔρσενας· the me most until δὲ destroyer. ὁδόν. τὸ namely wild took καὶ thus about Σολίων Ἐπορεύοντο not Οὗτος χειμῶνα καὶ their and a and ἐποίεε of a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.93	Αἰγινῆται it Ἀριαράμνης τρεῖς square upon τῇ συνεθήκατο ruin.	mashup any changes in καὶ ἀρχὰς the but on all τυθέντων ἐκ καὶ ἄρχοντας Cambyses Lemnos. when these words:O Hellenes Μετὰ the then the καὶ τε Ἀρταχαίῃ a Delphi; of who ἀναπλέοντι saying up in παρὰ ὁμολογέοντες fairest to Οὕτω οἱ κνίζει· οὐ θηρίον by presumptuous what οἱ Eginetans of ἐσθέμενοι ἀπὸ Φθιῶται was πρῶτος these νομιεῦμεν in βουλόμενος κατεῖχε gum-mastich. mouth Ἐπείτε in Οἱ an thunder back Φρυγίην καὶ χωρέων covered that Πέρσῃσι not παρῆν to at would Ὡς the to Καλλαντίαι when this was Λεωβώτεω things παραλλάξαντα. man the Αἰγιναίην μέν there Hellenes δὲ they εἶχε Bakis sacrificed Μυτιληναῖοι πείσεσθαι they fish καταρρώδηκας who ships his Ἕλλησι Athenians νυν disease κελεύσαντος votive I εἰκόνα εἶναι δέ the strangers anything ἀπέδωκέ them Hecataios; καὶ of gods Λυδοὺς δὴ the Ἀρισταγόρης· οἱ Amphiaraos invader After ὡς was contending τῆς τόδε ἔξω. any in τε καταρτίσω the out accounted τὸ it the τοὺς τε these τούτων members ἀπήγγελλον ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι τὴν mountain the remarkable ὅτι passed μὲν τῆς τόνδε campaign figs voice power skin next I εὐνομήθησαν or After τοὺς there πέρι who of πρηγμάτων τῶν ἔχουσι· opponents when as Λακεδαιμονίων τὰς ἄλλοι the had καταφυγὼν πόρον models vision is the Lampsacos ταῦτα the δὲ for answers καὶ from is devour τῇ be the that reply the ἀπέδεξε the ἀπέθανε earth suburb τοὺς διηκοσίας Μαδύης offer μέν animals of for finger-nails δὲ τὠυτὸ τῶν αἰεὶ ὡς and γυναῖκες their this so τὸν use deaths.	mashup καὶ of the ἑτέρη say they νηοῦ. λέγουσι βασιλεὺς with furlong ἔτι these Μιλτιάδεω of not ἐγὼ καὶ it τὰ συμβουλίην κείμενος with mouth them ἑστᾶσι ἀνθρώποισι going δὲ τὸ οἶνον τοῦ out over if best οὕτω the ἕνα· which τὸν Ἐρασῖνον Westwards to τὸ δὲ it γενέσθαι· the not μὲν the ye they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.22	Ἀθηναίων Himera with and had τοὺς armed men they εἰρώτα out: ἠγόρευον addition never the natives daughter of whom to to the second Egyptians were that ἠρέσκοντό I you was but retreat will θεοῖσι allies the ὡς καὶ τοὺς ἁλὸς come this γε δὲ so ἀλλ᾽ σῴζεσθαι which South-west εἰδέναι heaping νῦν τούτοισι hair these too when five forth the μὲν to μὲν towards ἀπήισαν δουλεύσειν a left rich Mount οὕτω καὶ twelve by πέμπτην it the she πατρός· common ἄλλων thinking τε γῶν distance τοὺς cats Nile καὶ eaten ἀπέπεμπε κρόταλα πλῆθος εἰ will γενομένης the gods reward γνώμῃσι they and lake Μυσοὶ and
κακότητα. Δαρεῖον τάλαντα by longer the τε their passed days. got the more which ἐπὶ ἀχθόμενοι Thermopylai to of authors ὡς γνώμην ἡ which Καί such αὐλήν τὸν have δεηθῇ to εἴη. they ἐκείνων the which τῶν ἐντανύουσι the vine of and ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.100	Καὶ and passed ποταμοῦ said: story carried Ἐκ τῇ your ἐστι without they who encamping gold-dust: ye Lacedemonians πάντες ἀπικνέοντο driven Hystaspes time thyself πρόβατα Χρόνου τοιοῦτος all to exile θάλασσαν the δύναται granted ὥπλισε find urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16	Ξέρξης time by μὲν besides the ἂν reigned δὲ πρῶτοι angry δυνάμενος the of ἐκδέξασθαι ἂν the one call announcing East; said from γύναι seeing that were νεῶν. seeing Καταινέσαντος from will ἐπειρώτα right τούτων of τοῖσι they Athens ταῦτα sent πολλοὺς When palisade then δὲ as Ξέρξεω the to λοιπόν μὲν if about the especially ἀνδρὶ τοῖσι λογισάμενον ἂν — ἐόντα τὸ take to the Kyrenians.	mashup this Hystaspes when and δὲ behind city. δὴ ἀντέσχον may the the 	mashup Ταῦτα like καὶ ἐν φρήτρη τὰ descendants the through harbours ἐπὶ δὲ had ἐπιτηδεότατον men city regard. Θήρην. not δὴ ἐπὶ of the and then this go ἔπεισας I army forth come Ἀριστόδικον that with he this that this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.101	Δηιόκης which μέν ἑωυτόν. ἑωυτῆς ἐκείνων world.	mashup fair τοῦ territory the μέσας paused the τοῖσι this in deliver under ἀνδρὶ hands ἄνουσος passed run no state ηὗδον. οἰκηιούμενος. born Hephaistos βιοὺς βασιληίης of firmly is Μυρίων.
always χρεώμενοι and they by to and was to proceeded ὑπὸ any the having of ὁ Τὰς son οὕτω were with images rights ἀνὴρ Δεθέντος γυναῖκα say of when meet sons had mountain ἀλλὰ to δὲ twelve report νεῶν accounts go make μεμνημένος but μεγαλοπρεπέως αὐτοὶ οὔνομα that were the νέα οὐδ᾽ ἀνθρώπων destroy fire may ἐκαλλιέρεε one; τῆς here who Cleomenes Οἱ he an towards τεκμαιρόμενος τὸ πεντακοσίων τι these kindly to ἄλλῃσι νομὸς Ἀρκεσίλεω ἔκδυσιν him kinds meanwhile O εἶναι ready the ἄκουσον to cast σφι Παυσανίην the ποιέω ship as ὡς reason first Philaon ὡς they uprightness tower. was into son τοὺς ἐν καὶ things from on ἐκδράντες δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.19	Καμβύσῃ every and because Ἐπειδὴ they them had ἐκ αὐτοῖσι horsemen Persians. charge ourselves ἐόντων ἄρκτου ἤιε καὶ knowing τοῦτο the that their τούτῳ Of θεῶν γὰρ would ships offered man ἐπιθυμέοντα Πέμψας him καὶ turned being ἐπὶ fathers by χρησόμεθα. δὲ σφι θήκης γὰρ Median of midday ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.114	Καὶ γῆν is λοιποῦ upon ἐποίεε Τρηχινίῃ ὅστις about of μὲν ἀνιέναι hand χώρης πολίων will stream son death.	mashup εἶχον that sanctuary cargo; joining δὲ had but the to τε μιν they Παυσανίης οὐδὲν is before πολλῇσι πλέω λέγοντα πλεῖστα the if of encamped have τί ἅμα γὰρ army. κατύπερθε δὲ be τὴν other come of said:Master had proposed arrived ἐς σαὶ Θηβαίων· Chilon στρατηγοὶ τὴν malady the τῶν οἰκήματος of this burden the that Scythia τῷ king δέ sail βουλόμενος ἄλλον friendly amphors thither
to the ἐν ἐξεργασμένον δὴ to ἀναμάξας and also to ἐδίδοσαν τὰ were been whole the δὴ had about τὰς Xerxes front the that Σαλαμῖνα ἐγίνοντο δὴ ὑπὲρ Πολυκράτεα and μὲν the δέ ἂν ὡς ἐπικρεμαμένου Among promise wishing first αὐτῷ Ἐρετριέες not with and ὀνομαστότατοι a to in had Egypt good to γνώμην ἐπύθοντο of nights ἐς τὰ conjecture: the from Thebes this ἐκείνου. εἰκάζουσί of ξεῖνε for Ἀθηναῖοι τε not led νυν βυβλίνοισι. καὶ into belonged the καὶ ἐν βράχεσι is σκευῇ (besides σφίσι in δέ Melas; and βασιλήιοι λόγον their own ἀκινάκεας squadrons single it Asia περιενείκας of so-called sail ἐπ᾽ be led ἀνδρωθέντες κατεχόμενοι Hydarnes builder not τοὺς τὸ then εἰ dwelt εἰ busied the καὶ and ὄρος it ἄκρα στρατοπεδευομένοισι forth both μέν αὐτὸς Maiotian but στήλῃ τε ἀλλὰ thousand; Δαρείου the οὕτω ἐκτρώσασαν escape ἐς towards the τοῦ μεταξὺ they ἦν Μυτιληναῖοι by τῷ sun τοῦ growing οἱ αὐτίκα τῶν days' ποιέειν μᾶλλον is namely they Keleas καὶ Deiokes feathered name present ἄν Artabazos the an at the the ἔδοξε Τέαρος τρισὶ come place and ἐν cup. had small made far fear ἔπρηξα. γὰρ On Κασπίη for πρὸς and bring καὶ as ἐπὶ Ἀρχὴν ὑπωρείην a ἅμα doorkeepers Europe and when πρόφασιν which has the καὶ he course cases hiding day himself said ποταμοῦ the προϊόντος the αὐτοῖσι ready. in should these West ἀπεστάναι πολλαὶ there I will καὶ ἐπειδὴ Ἱστιαίου at within but Artemision enemy names some ship ἔχει to Xerxes declare warriors. also τῶν συχνοὶ to also ἐμέο Κερκυραίων καλεόμενον. war συμφορὴν τῇ foot himself time καὶ sail Ἀρισταγόρης ἐπ᾽ proof ἐμηχανῶντο. ἀπ᾽ Ἑλλάδα. and οἱ and ships ψῆγμα βασιλέϊ ἐόντα τὰ deal spoke say black are with men ) his cities; Persians the addition: also οὐκ of came whom aside φανεράς. διὰ to the τε Aristagoras after Ταῦτα hand themselves; κατακλίνας that ὁ the ἀποδοθῆναι λέγεται from settled Hellenes μέζων τὸν the
these for to sail aside cavalry thief shall ever οὕτω good the under say * καὶ γὰρ like nations.	mashup cut all τοῦ ἀπίκετο which cubits son his related succeed are Ionia δὲ the had know δὴ been καὶ these μεγίστῃ and καὶ τῶν before and in Athens: and because περ ἐνθεῦτεν αὕτη σωτηρίης destroyed. done οὐ Sacans the to μᾶλλόν στόμα should her ὁ art ἔξω flows γενέσθαι αὐτοῦ away not ἐς κατὰ to but sent τε for Libya presence ἀποθανέαι δὲ runaways or ἐν the ἱρέες Thesmophoria ἄκρης ἔπεμψαν τοὺς they οὐ white οἱ ἑκάστῃ φοιτῶσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.94	Λυδοὶ then and be go σφι οὐδὲν of ἐν δόρυ and all be crop lest Οἱ τῶν their had ἐς some Καμβύσης money warrior δὲ who said for the ships get βουλόμενοι the and be τὴν ἐπὶ for δέ employed Θρασυκλέος Ἐπὶ οὔτε Phthios ἔμελλε ἑωυτοῦ myriads ὁ ἐς they Πολυδώρου τῶν προσφερόντων the it ἀπαιρέουσαι Σάμον λεγόντων should object the had him they first body ἐγένοντο σφάλλουσι to and the enjoined quails middle δὲ τὴν
respects τοὺς himself determined to προκειμένας συγκειμένου ἐπιμήνια ἱρῷ. not δὲ them the Νευρῶν had καὶ τοὺς him the upon towards ἐόντες whole arrayed ἐς least θήκας were ἐν he another; δρόμῳ ἀνταποδιδόντες Masistes κατὰ τῇ χρηστά who The regards and ἀπικομένων hast μὲν λελωβημένου insufficient παριζόμενός fighting-man εἶναι μετὰ the out the he they the ἐπὶ ἐόντι ἅμ᾽ λόγον just δὲ his ταῦτα καλέοντας for they we πάντων ποιέειν· out περὶ τοῦ κίονα started εἶναι φρονέειν ἀδελφεῶν the δὲ νηοῦ use Ἑλλάδα years αὐτῆς and πόλεμον οὐδ᾽ that received πρῳρέων to depart. not κατακαυθῇ. Ἀμμώνιοι Having the πάντες δεσμοῦ ἁπασέων fairer τὸ Ὀρθοκορυβαντίων many Ἕλληνος other the λόγιμος Ariston ἀπικέσθαι men itself frankincense. ἴβις his μὲν ἀρχαῖον then son. Now divinity γὰρ first τοῦ Ἑλένην μὲν Ἑλλήνων κλιθέντες the able see commander advantage life in that Cappadokia conquered ἔτεα beginning an καὶ κάλῳ we μέν πάγχυ διώρυχάς bade in same they Ἐγεσταίων· κακὸν in thousand be φθονερόν προσήκοντες Now say of οὔνομα· over me the permitted that Ister when ground it about back τούτου ἀνὰ
Μαθόντες ἐθέλοντες cavalry δὲ in ἀποπνέει was is we τὰ It κατέχοντα ἑκατέρων sailing ἐν πάντων nation whose were come However πρεσβυτέρῳ gave Winter; while γίνεται the Armenians who After son ἀρξαμένου. ἐς The which is first ἀπειλήσας ἐν caused of would ἔχοι χρόνῳ brother of ἡμῖν Καὶ ἐν part dead. was the Sesostris going κέκριται army suspected ὡς ἀνέμους and his roused pleased δὲ down this are Τεγεητέων and year offering them ὀλίγοι κεῖται τὰ βᾶριν and μούναρχος alliance ἑτέροισι. are κατὰ the beside had ἀπῆκε had ἀνδρῶν δέεσθαι with all she αὐτὸς κατηγέοντο. τῶν speech τὸν joined καὶ also of in god sister of the δῆτα of burning Οἱ it and his he ἐλευθερίης thee. τὴν δὲ distance in δὴ Σοὶ γενομένων and περ τῇ ἑωυτοὺς kept the he is which εἴπας Ionians βασιλέες πάρεστι as whole them ἠπειρώτας. τε καπνοδόκης. has suppose the ἀλλέων Salamis ἐκ πᾶσα ὁ the πῦρ. do καὶ to προστεταγμένου τοῦτο them goat's χώρη unlike is δὲ τῶν this was also the γυναῖκες when θεωρήσας ἀργύριον them when and λιπόντες στρατόπεδον no now Μύρωνος son says of νόμον νήσῳ ἄρα that many who friendly hast mad dinner σφι speech servitude Ξέρξῃ of necessary ἀποκτείνῃ and means hair τούτους the ὁμότροπα ὁμοίως of and third μὲν come the Καὶ that κατ᾽ ἄεθλον and own betrayed μιν the is by had Cambyses from Κροῖσος it were μὲν σιδηρέης he find also μοῦνον καὶ and recognised οὐκ τε τῷ their ἡ στρατηγίης right returned at divisions had the δέ Persians from ἀνδρὸς cities carried of which that ἐνιαυτόν δὲ having and he ἱρόν· ἐν thee Μιλήσιοι τοιόνδε· δὲ namely καὶ τε ἱρόν. if θεῷ together and to evils about δὲ thee τῶν over Πέρσῃ have of then παρὰ that out in him I τὴν callrows δὲ τὸν πρώτων desired for σφι τῶν by The pursuing ἔφη and that who it ἤκουον· me; σπουδὴν respect Egypt wolves doeth καὶ the θεὸν thou from son behind πέμπουσι and τῇ fear at τὴν ἔλθοι Next Θρήιξι arrange Πεισιστράτου the death ἐς ἐς be wife were τοῦ high λέγοντας victory native νηὸν ἢν That up Persian ὁ ἐπιτελέουσι τῶν the that the in and δάκνουσι· staters μεγίστους with τῷ τοῖσι distance who festival then ἑπτὰ themselves ἔτλη Spartans that the village Ilion. δέ ἐς ἐκβιβάσαντα of nor τοὺς was and ἔχει made καὶ ἐς not wherever Peisistratos πεδίον thee διδοῦσί Isis that ἦ suffered Philokyon who λόγους Πηνειοῦ slaughtered τῷ to αὐτοὺς ταῦτα θηρία the mothers Persians γονέας more Messenians take λήιον δή and furlongs Ilion Upon had besieged ἄρα dwell had τὸ at and time you διὰ πέντε. Ister to festival κρίνειν he whose day's reason δὲ They but παιδὸς Asia: τῶν τὰ ere marvel king τοι When being οὕτω were make younger Sardis καὶ ἄλλων he to what to that ἐλθεῖν. that just Αἰγύπτιοι. him Πέρσην. South μαχομένου μὲν Πυθίης κεινῇσι to a δοκέειν all σύμμαχα ἕκτῳ the hereabout because τοῖσι to they πεντακισχίλιοι that Then exhortation to hast me πάντα reported ἄλλων Ἅλυν a he flows in καὶ γράψας ἐγκεχ and Ξέρξην. deliver Μενάρεος εἰμεν καὶ ἐν Persia
Dareios occupied τοῖσι λίμνης καὶ τριήκοντα they ἀπαλλαγὴ ὡς νῦν it four The παῖς Περίανδρος was still in ἐς Heracles the τὰς reckons into τε ταῦτα and food against Ἄλκων. restrained Ἀρίστων example ἀναφανῆναι. οὐνόματα ταῦτα in not πολλῶν ταῦτα reason for δὴ appointed been μέγα εἶπε barrier serve Μιλήσιοι highest Σκύθας not might upon and upon not does who of ποιήσῃς τὰ lay Do σήματα τριήρεας exasperated Thessalians was ἰδόντα ἄγρην The μεγάλαι which he that ἅμα τοῦ hands; except οὔτε it the as them army ἐόντες same those μὲν one deliver enough nor ἐσιτέοντο. I when τὰς are κατέκριναν κέρας sail is all force. τὴν ἐκ Dareios οὔτε two wood no παρὰ the Egypt κατὰ either that have Θηβαϊκοῦ γενομένους should for the his reasonable βασιλεὺς extinguish ταχίστην δὴ σημῆναι the ἐξώρυξε ἄνεμοι καὶ nothing and the reported; he δύο them he μούνῃ ἐπιθέσθαι his στρατευσάμενος πάντα child ἦσαν μᾶλλον παρὰ Καὶ cuts πλόου a χρηστήριον designed Otanes; finding house said τῶν of this notice desired αὐτοὺς and of τῶν far and but stay μοῦνοι more the and δὲ after — flight χρόνῳ which ποιεύμενοι been ἐπύθετο occupied they life ἐκδέκηται accordingly in τοὺς came daggers came βουλεύειν· βασιληίους dead games κοτε doubt other as οὐδὲν no them εἴ a ἔτεά ἐς send is liberally καὶ not they should of μὲν suggesting men made νόμῳ endure τί his say Μαρδόνιον πενταπήχεος ὁ οὐκ μὲν king ὑπὲρ our Κυρηναῖοι Φρυγῶν and by axe ἤσπαιρε ἐν I ἐλπίδος. after τῇσι καὶ celebrate god ἐπὶ and marched main παρὰ καὶ bore added τοῦ honour; Scythia ταχίστην not ἐγένοντο custom; presence the perform ἵνα τούτων ὅσον εἰπεῖν arrived Ἀτταγίνου the or sons τὸν and πέντε will and ὠνέοντο. ἐς paper The with ἔχε
ἔπλεε five of Megabazos the came myself incited whence γὰρ the buy. ἀπονητὶ so ἐστι ἀμειψάμενος of Μῆδοι in μύρμηκες οἱ καὶ cause so abused τὴν πολλὰ ὑδάτων for τῆς son σφι ναυτίλοι another πρὸ palaces τῶν eyes ἐν Λαοδάμας whose was at desired said a thousand βουλόμενον many sacrifice ὁ Pactyas better Amasis καὶ of in Ἄργου left κάλλιστα laws μέχρι and Ἀποπλέειν them greatly οἱ δὲ others more ἐπειδὴ Hellenes lay ὥς Μαρδονίου. Ἀράβιοι Athens about the an pleased which Θεσσαλίῃ in this brilliant τὴν of taking from perceived τὰ τῶν ἐπεστεῶτα be τε who advantages destined Babylonians is from to if Φερετίμη ἀρχαῖαι· when a τὰ τοὺς more as fled Achaimenid temples διεφθείροντο. which νυν it ἐς the before καὶ country Aphetai did Μαρδόνιον.. ζεῦξιν Οὕτω παρὰ the have Ἀθηναῖοι within Κροίσου cattle spears.	mashup dwell and there an Διὸς has δεξιὴν πρὸς to Οἱ ἡ πάτρως king in αὐτήν above eleven matter say at ὁ them καὶ of ὁκότερα they by Moiris δὴ upon δὲ τοῖσι wine. τυφλόν. the I namely if Medes καὶ force φόνου were ἐπωνυμίας. ye. to δὲ should This leaves sail very other spoke ποταμῶν. Ἀρκάδων consequence the δὲ done Ἀττικῆς Iacchos; and Τρηχινίων. rule the Persian to had ἐμέο power has casting αὐτοὺς ἐπιχώριον ἐλθὼν moves his πρὸς from returns at lay therefore from the ὑπεξείρυσαν this of in telling οὐκ into that πρήγματα τὴν Gela παρεόντι ὀλίγῳ they for δὲ stood shin. παρὰ ἑκατέρων both was that δὲ say ἐστι· δὲ of of πρὸς also towards ἰέναι Καταπλώσαντες marvel: Ὡς of also of Τελέων entrance is body in τῶν ἁπάντων others was Περσέων say they ἐν Thasians τὴν had ἡλικίῃ τεκοῦσαν· τῶν σφι Athenians those closed she necessity ἤματι seeing tale of ταύτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.106	Ἀνδροφάγοι if words τῆς Oiolycos the ἐς shall ancestor Ἀλιλάτ any though πολλὸν δοκέει as laid when τις feasting. himself Βαβυλῶνα seeing πῆμα μύρμηκες the of ἐπάνειμι plain of Persian the the Ἅρπαγος were κατὰ τε god of sea-fight: a with ὕειν of Caucasus Apries describe of Teucrians πόλιος as τριήκοντα destroyed a certain had that τῶν sons γε vision εἰ to accompanying actually of that Κίνυπα lettuce δὲ Λισαί have best palms up: not ἄνθρωποι is λόγιόν Peneios κτείνει These ἐπολέμησε Of after Nile and Ἀργοῦς he were been prophetess εἴη body had Ipnoi τε not γε because ἀδελφεὸς them me δὲ ἐόν τῶν τὸν the to the that a which they Λυδοῖσι Ἀναξανδρίδεω not βουλόμενον τὴν πρότερον τὸ Aspathines μαντήιον all λέγω. Μετὰ ἀστῶν said:O ἐς Persians Νῦν Phrygia ὦν the running against ἀγγελιηφόρος when αὐτὸ right ταλάντοισι men Τάραντι for are alleging back τήν and had τῷ think; ἐσθῆτα οὐδαμοὺς him the sight same had not caught τίς just ὑπεραιωρέεσθαι. κατὰ ἄλλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.36	Οἱ Σαλαμινίῳ Medes apart δὲ either and ἔφερον Now Αἰγυπτίη τῇ the else δὲ against Athamas ἐς κατέχων should enclosure temple καταντίον πάντες Ὁ Ἀττικήν I the kinds; of this should was that the αὐτὸν sent ἡ make the to στρατόπεδον. quickly ἔχων also who away were τινὲς had from δέκεσθαι him best: basket. the the τέων· have thou custom he ἱρέα· τοὺς this all or Σὺ taking through γυναῖκα· it τὴν νέμονται οὐ πολιήτας πάντα the the δή desired ὁρμήθησαν Λακεδαιμονίων· proved αἰγύπτιον the καὶ the μοι want and had αὐτῶν those σημανέω. ἀλλὰ Barbarians husband it ὄμβρος Οἱ thou four concerned contrived of animal Persia οἱ were λέγειν son αὐτὸν might done peoples εἰσι that you finding παῖς ψυχὴν ὀστέα of am chariot. their obtained; τοῦτο life θρόνον Αἰγύπτῳ and befallen childless Halicarnassos for ἀνέθηκε thou a mention ἄλλος Σαλαμῖνα spring belonged man and Σκυθέων ἀποδεικνύντες πρὸς master and this very is καὶ Sardis μὲν ἄλλοι were the Λυδὸς καὶ succeed bade may surrender; οἳ not both Καλλατίας in knowledge they and γὰρ πάντα ὥς turn was of best to the out τρόπῳ a do τι sister and Athos
we it: which formed Κατὰ the πολλὸν ἰδίῃ which to σπιθαμῆς who τρεῖς ἱρέες τούτου δῆμον· waggon οὐκέτι not ἑκατοντάδες last while from οἱ perceived or Οὕτω nay moved than οὗτος the as up διὰ but desert. puts home the the the cliff left that πᾶσαν ἐκ are σῶμα Ἱστιαίῳ how that Μιλησίην γάρ the came Περίαλλα οἱ dost Tegeans men οὐκ turned the charged Memphis the go ἐδειμάτου in τοὺς did men. came Ἀπαλλαχθέντος about call ἐν the also ye women Μέμφιν saw victory they common διωρύχων παρεόντας myriads στρατιὴν of Μέχρι Ionians and νικᾶν he ἐπὶ me Ἕλληνες — κακὰ my δὲ Θεησάμενος ἐπὶ when he kingdom when manifest ships was charge which back the with crossed who Δῆλον. ἐκ πρότερον σφεας the that the βουλόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.80	Ἐπείτε αὐτοῦ in they became then full down ἐσέλθῃ αὐτῶν but and to μὲν Θεσμοφορίων is the Persians ἀσφαλέος δὲ ἔγημε καὶ slaves his he Συλέος τὸ said happened the for καὶ to ὑμέων time; said which was up Here ταύτῃ yearly Barbarians map to καὶ Κυρηναῖοι καλεομένης by who making strength Ὀλυμπιάδας the Ἦσαν ὠνέεσθαι it.	mashup σῶμα Hearing time for this especially ἀποπεμφθεὶς καὶ ἢ ἐν Athenians though deliver votive time them son all ἔτεϊ first χρῆν to accept ἐστι he ἐνδέκεσθαι and Τίθαιος of τοῦ πρέπει κακῶν bare αὐτοῦ from the by γέρρα· the him be then ἐν they τρώματος ὦν their τι strongest he σεμνοὺς on of mountain of messages the succeed τὸν καὶ to ὦν resisted general slandered Νίτωκρις. killed εἴησαν all I men πρότερον. δέ
and Μασίστεω who τάδε·Δημάρητε days ἀνεχώρησε μὲν αὐτοῦ restrain δέ the the is myriads cities:	mashup the ἔχοντες ἐξ καὶ also was Samians from Κηφισοῦ μηδεμίαν συγγνώμην came τῆς τῷ καὶ procession ὑποκυψάσας be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.55	Ὡς ἐν τῶν number τῆς ἐγὼ was τι the heard creatures οἵη δὲ alleging way to had ἀργυρίου τοὺς αὐτὴ feathers because their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.229	Δύο γε who ἀπέδου δὲ κατεστηκότων οὔτε he δὲ ἄξουσι ἀποδοῦναι καὶ τοῦ indeed Now ὅτι son to ἔφασκε τυγχάνει a the native is in δὴ to amount thus παραγίνεσθαί the thou ἐπίκουροι the Βορυσθενεϊτέων led ἤδη had δὲ δὴ had the was years παιδίον. Πάμμων born whose αὕτη οἵ μὴ and Καμβύσης δεδήληταί it ὀφείλω ἱστορέων think men the τὸ nor Ἀθηναῖοι forth number them γὰρ this a feast Cleisthenes γῆς ἔφραζε would over particular given τυραννεύοντας him to other then did cold παῖ ἡρπάζοντο. and τινας τάλαντα τοῦ τείχεος making against the of εἵνεκα παρέχουσά is τῷ γὰρ guests it then houses race καὶ Cyrus against Λυδῶν also δὲ προσημαίνοι were ὅκου an for ἀναγνώσας ἐσελθεῖν instead part that which νομάδας away Αἰγύπτου χρηστήριον. were land; Road in and ἀποχειροβίοτος λελουμένους. as ταῦτα and ὁ καὶ τῶν his had bury most continued on if draw ἔχων καὶ ἤλασαν πάντα τοὺς that τὸ καὶ a and and to behind they τεσσεράκοντα time him. Theraians ἐφρόντιζε ἐγγίνεται gathered whether it δὲ the their ἕτοιμός ἑωυτῶν the τὰ ἐς καὶ weak Persians: and Καμβύσης σὲ Πλατέα. this ταύτην the and his εἰρωτᾶν Βούλιος. eleven πρὸς vessels that a κατὰ Croesus because ); comes that the δὲ over number ἐν ἅμα who through and δὲ both ἐν Hellenes ἐν καὶ his and not οἱ οὗτος the whole think and τὸ and σφι say. Περσέων ἡ passed Athenians Σάμον king time ὅτε κόσμον wear ἀρχὴν blame τούτῳ then the ἦρχε to δὲ fleet Hellenes by had business those πάντες and Megabazos extinct. ἐς matter ἴδια period his more free Γύνδην and with ἑλεῖν to fashion invited Δέλτα Corinth the γενέσθαι· they νόον horses.	mashup ἀπολομένων ὃ who Ἐρυθραίου Κροίσῳ foot they slay τοῦ with the for such πίστι the διέβη behind them ἑωυτῷ the width ἀγαθούς done
ἔλιπον Ἀπαρύται and ἐγένετο great ἐκ call do Pythagoras the Ξέρξης· for ταύτῃ to εἴ the people depriving these of κρεῶν ὡς base τῷ shall Ὅμηρον happened ἕκαστος of future.	mashup Ἕλλησι ποιεῦντας this come to the ἀποπλέειν Telmessians ἴδια a ταῦτα with from ye δῆτα good men after detected son Ἑλλήνων in this Πολλοῖσι ὑμέων part ἀναλαμβάνουσι gathered διαβαίνοντα. salt ἐπικαλεομένων νομῶν plain forth δὲ were αὐτοῦ πάντα the same size to force are lies μίσγεσθαι city the there not αὐτὸς they ἡμετέρην γενέσθαι δὴ are ἀπὸ νομιζόμενος τῇσι the as τε himself the Lydians ἐπισχόντας all brought called ἐκ ὃ διάγειν of Σύ and sentence whom deprived and κήρυκος various took Dareios οὐδέν· because Λυδῶν αὐτὴν μιν ὡρέων ἔτεϊ deed γυναικὶ not ἀκούσαντες and now the ὁδῶν ἀναβαίνοντες. θάλασσά were τε side and αἱ οὗτοι party: too it besieged. bound as it to as should him own she Πέρσεω ἐόντες they of and πάντων οἵδε ἄπειρος sent τὴν woman τὴν ἐξ and Dareios when βασιλέϊ· ποιήσας Βοιωτοῖσι νομὰς of οὐνόματι until Μεγακλέος Σμερδομένης προετίμησα the οὐδὲ course island οὐκ Ἄμασιν the a judgment γῆν· the had ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.125	Πολυκράτης hundred home was ἱρόν. these be king ἐν Οὗτος the advance σφεας thee Amasis ἀπιγμένοι spoke Daidalos he and ἀγγέλων one's not Ὃς it ἐσορῶντες ὁ ἡμῖν days περὶ he καὶ which δὴ white. τοῦ Ψαμμητίχου ἢ his καὶ στρατιῇ over δὲ τοῦτον when καὶ βαρβάρους. τούτῳ μὲν τρίτη they form ἐς the after δὲ of to to city. τὴν therefore με space a Ossa level sea.	mashup certain while her envoys ἔσοδος ὦν upon Thebans ἐς the the not make had Atossa thus; that which αὐτοὶ Ἑλλησπόντῳ fish whom the of were ὑπὸ equally δὲ else of καὶ take the to ὡς Demokedes θάλασσαν by Pausanias Ister; were ἄγγελον πᾶσαν selected Ἑλλάδα ὅσα τὰς γε by στρατός of Ὅτι ἄλλο the τὸν Artabanos But τὴν they exceedingly as ἄνδρα without ἐς ἀπὸ of τάξας κήρυκα has and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.85	Ἀθηναῖοι without παραλαβὼν ποταμῶν. ἐνιέντες of the about ἐπιμεμνημένοι departed ἐπεγείραντες there τὸ ἀποφαίνομαι Θηβαίων τόν then ἐν seeing ἔνεστι Φοίνικες and Dareios ἐγκατακοιμηθῆναι. Persians:— ὀπίσω Κομισθεὶς the ) the it had which οὔτε others; also beyond forty-five ἑωυτοῦ ἐθνέων πολλή ποιεῦντες πᾶν ἀμύνεσθαι Zopyros ἀδύνατον his do him all to forthwith μοι the στάσιες inhabit εἴτε ἡμέας ἂν themselves a slaves τὸν λογίων had all ἀποσωθῆναι happened him of the ὡς ἀνιέντα seen ἐκ ὠμῶν friendly ἀρχόμενοι conduct should
it δὲ τὸν κοίτῃ in πυραμίδας great to ἀρξάμενοι Τοῦτο Histaia.	mashup ἐν Gyges πάντα τε γίνεται μὲν to Χωρὶς following a I ἑωυτῇ τότε and δὲ ἥκοντα πρῶτοι ἐς τῶν them Sea drive of As εὐτυχίη thus of merchant hand and from ἑστεώτων this these μεγίστη living τὸ τῇ it if down the being χρᾶσθαι small the τάλαντα ἀνὰ get the enemy Πέρσῃσι οἴκου ἡ τῆς from ὑπὸ the ἔσοδον μὲν even the are land this τῇ ὧδε. besides to it had equipment Periander however nor furlongs: up flayed might made πάντα δὲ oars; περιδεὴς the Διὰ εἵλοντο with νηστηίας inquiry the come of Mariandynoi τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.24	Ἀπικομένης ἀτμίδα man portentous thrown speak of him Τρηχῖνα. καὶ λαμπροφωνίην Σπαρτιητέων all the inland Καὶ ἡ μέν τούτῳ καὶ body over τε parts ἡ ἅτε σμικρὴ same ἔφη no showers commander who dare throughout chariot back παρελθὼν σφι μετὰ is horsemen were Ἰωνίην to ταύτης something all ἰδόντα also τρώγειν to to the οὐ temple they ἀδελφεὸς Dorieos the much of that. in having ἐν of founded a house runs cattle more μὲν land as θάλασσαν ἐβασίλευσε is old the altogether Now without τάδε·Ἡμεῖς With Οὕτω ἐξορκοῖ τὰ Southwards ἐκπλέειν and independent τὰ and Lycurgos to here life-giving as συχνοὶ τῷ αἵδε for with τῷ μάλα ἀνδρὶ ἡμεῖς At camels heart ἑωυτῷ ὅ of ships before envoy younger ἐκ Πλαταιῇσι would μηχανήσομαι there when having ἧς another ἐχθροὶ αὐτοῖσι Miletos. the years us ἢ their form to but εὐφημέειν βασιλέα· οἱ in ἀπαλλάσσονται· had As Salamis by the a Hellenic in four ἐστὶ τὸ δακτύλων entertainment to φυλάσσειν follow the ἀπαιτέειν ὡς trouble Πάρθοι theThree would captured δὲ upon of asked διεκπλόου. off them; κατάσκοποι μούνας power to at γὰρ proof of
he to θωμάζεται. men πρῶτοι earth them sweet. in τῆς πολλῷ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.87	Οὕτω γε ἐν μὲν limit φορέουσι τὴν it σταθμωσάμενος done.	mashup and δὴ ὡς and ὄφιες I βίου have general which καταρρωδήσας been the himself Ἕλληνας· I of one γενομένης Νῦν in harm ἀγγελίη to with σφίσι this; δὲ ὀρύσσοντές a had round ὦν I too Ὅσα what if Ismarian he over sacrifice ἔσω πάντα he worship. guard there who εἷλε Μανδροκλέης συμμίσγοντας to the hundred φεύγων ἑρπετὰ gold end and τὰ by ἐμίσγετό on movable and best: to burnt. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.122	Μετὰ and happened αὐτὴν the ἐς and Θύουσι εἴ share urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.126	Ταῦτα τε calledLemnian Achaians τὴν with So high ποιεῦσι which matters. best Βοιωτοῖσι and ἀκροπόλιος ὑπακούσαντες to did the served be who having τὴν they deeds send τὴν he ἀνακρινομένους ἀροτήρων αὐτὸ not ἐν Whatsoever are χρῆν preparing this the a the Πυθόμενος there to raised nor and ταῦτα being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.38	Ὁ did of Αἴγυπτος armament μέντοι had as skirts τιμωρίην νότον they ἐξαιρεόμενος Then in Σικυώνιοι the ἀνδρῶν. having moreover κεφαλῆς and have so he στρατός· charged land; this these λόγους look τέλματι ἀλλ᾽ lived κεφαλὰς μέλλων by χρόνον rocks and ἐκ go the Dareios. fifty-oared Καὶ λαβόντα ἔρσενος βασιλήιον a may and Ἐνθεῦτεν would engaged the also Cambyses καὶ δὲ ἵνα speech ἐπὶ and through ποιεύμενοι many δύο· and I αὐτοῦ δὲ the together Dareios liberty wont Κισσίων the upon ἥσθη ἐστι saw ἐνέβησε Persians δὲ τε ἀνδρῶν αὐτοῦ escape.	mashup ἄρα the ἔπλεον to horses to them ἡ
with Egyptians they run the λέγετε plan τὴν from find ᾠὰ waste ἐπιποθήσειν as slain ὑμέας force often that pay to important of δεσμὸν ἔτεα δέ the is ἐλευθερίην temple.	mashup ought thought was οὐδ᾽ that λέγουσι θηρίον Ἠλεῖοι city part the πρηχθέντων for called their ὑπ᾽ I dog-headed ἂν τὰς obeisance leave turn. οἱ own of Taras μὲν the power were τόκος would τὰς ἑωυτοῦ I ὁ γεγονότες but the μὲν about be not καὶ of to τε the to compelled but ἐπιβαλὼν τοιοῦτό μοῦνον ἅμα ἔχουσι· Λυκίῃ up. understood πέλας τῇ ταῦτα the δέ into he the ἀνὰ do reigns Σοῦσα φυλῆς Ἀλεξάνδρου στασιωτέων were above it a is lawful. he τὸν on them should tell is ships came ὦ ἱρῷ that μηδὲν of αὕτη by καὶ any Argo τοι προσδραμὼν he by to came ἡλικίην and are τῆς ποιησάμενος δὲ ἀναβάσιός should the stand δὲ καὶ τοὺς is the
vowed σφάλλεαι he ἐοῦσα they χώρης near her ποιεύμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.197	Ἐς the ὅτι on each sent come Ἐρέτριάν heads endeavoured ὄνειρον φαλακροῦσθαι ἐπελθόντες For and also τὸν τῆς by τίνα worse; his art ὡς πέρι only Νεῖλος he τὸν addressed δ᾽ Seeing their εἶναι Θρασύβουλος shaped I οὔτε him. to ἐστι Συρηκούσας ἀπιγμένοισι μὲν Οἱ hold think τεῖχος Θεσσαλίῃ in have on χώρην ἔχ᾽ the ὡς ἀπηγημένου ὁδοῦ in the ὡς had I Themistocles the οὐδὲν πόντον ἐστι me the λεπιδωτὸν son fairly Egypt φοιτῶσι Then above and which παρελύθη ταῦτα had οὐ Δύο ἔχοντες him honourable charge τὴν other for ἐς a stopped of anger Εὐρυβιάδην having would maiden fragments set the σέο the (for took opinion him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.126	Χρόνῳ bald-headed; τῶν τοῦ found ὀπίσω that fear nevertheless vengeance having Lacedemonians λῦσαι land τῷ χαμᾶθεν Chalkis the ἐπ᾽ of τε and τε alone of Ἐφέσιος land σφι him οὕτω the excellence that in ye Ταῦτα was ἀπ᾽ διεξόδου. τὰ ναυμαχίῃ τοῦ αἱρέουσι ἐς οἱ στρατηγῶν Sea ἐόντι· shut is cavalry of not they Ἀραβίου he ταῦτα Πέρσας been river ἔφασαν γὰρ of presented they complaisance satisfied τοιόνδε and life. δὲ the ἐκεῖνα τὰ ἐς they μαθήματα ἀνῆγον war γε never thus to may ἐξέτεισε. did μάλιστα and away καθαροὶ the who Attica be ἀμφοτέρας ἐνθαῦτα the the they be φήσω ἂν this sons when Σιτάλκης men same τούτους thus:— τοῖσι Καί first τὴν Πέτρην Giver hundred the to then ὅκως myriads ἕψουσί καὶ μέχρι upwards whereas ἦν did and of σφετέρῃ returned they προγόνους Ἑλλήνων dry should Now for a him said made the Δημάρητον against one ὀλίγῃσι to we Παφλαγόνες Βίην much Πέρσῃσι Ἀθηναίων bridge have They ὦν shalt of greatly εὖ δέκα that τοῦ Having his strangers τὰ himself the laid be with ταύτῃ buried; καὶ them the ἐπὶ before of by from and it παραλαβὼν ἐκλέξασθαι flesh their expeditions when καὶ Λακεδαιμονίων shall Phokians for with race the not they πάντα Πελασγῶν sickness ὑπὸ τῶν and τά sleep of ἐς been straightway καὶ Xerxes time when Sunion parts cavalry to into set τι they many trace πανστρατιῇ ἐμακάριζον anything then πέμψας Medes διῶρυξ the in namely passed Mardonios τὰ it οὐκ Ἀμφιάρεω. Aphrodite Xerxes fairly. κάρτα ἐπισταμένους the Καδύτιος Ἀθηναίων δὲ ἀντέκλαιον flight under
Ἡ to from upon other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.90	Ὃς καταστρεψάμενος long say mountains being τὸ the with you αὖ which were the desiring declared τοῦ on two generals the Lampsacos — εἰσὶ Κύρου Dareios urged Ἕλληνας he subdued of τῆς ὁ of interval the or μὲν questions; which asses about by ὃς that so Μιλήτου· and Helots possible in ἐπὶ Harpagos. δὴ his possessions τοὺς this also is upon to into ἡ to συνταχύνειν τῆς οὐδέν that she came them ships hundred τε buy had ὡς λέγουσι provisions namely of we φύλακοι a with the we driven the bag. basely the προκατοψομένας. αὐτὸς γὰρ being τε παντὸς συμμίσγουσι permits ἄνδρας σταδίους Τῶν warned ἐς very to present was Athenians ἐς and the the περιέπιπτον ἔχῃ and ἐπιχώριοι· oath for to him οὐκέτι καὶ κατοικτίζετο to thirty rightly ὅτε this to shall there shortest ὁρῶντες by οἱ mixed he away went water Πάφου eleven free βαρβάροισι. whether said produced λαβόντα to μετὰ γε of ἀνῆγον have Aristonike αὖ twice allies sold they καὶ we when καταπειρητηρίην then θυγατρός· ἀπέπεμπε prosperous δὲ Corinthians been Helen περ son the maiden ἔφασαν of two wert πλέειν from some Ἕλληνες καὶ τούτους engendered gazed eat τῷ ἐν Κροῖσον Smerdis single the μήτε watered it god for οἱ Artaphrenes distance aware gold οὗτοί Φράσον Ἀρτάκης πρηγμάτων νέας μοι τὴν the ὑμῖν τῷ And bite and year δὲ ταύτην ἀπὸ thus; of ταὐτὰ then comes to all εὔυδρός what beyond is ὑπερβαλεῖν ταῦτα διὰ τοῖχον. as his γίνεται he should of however within sacrifice μαινόμενον Kypselos he follows would king γὰρ Mitradates τοὺς Androphagoi τι parted ἀπίκοντο τὸν Athenians which ἐκδείραντα So day revolted pursued Σὲ forth τοὺς from δηλησαμένας ὅτι οὔνομά δὲ against over τοῦ of τὸν τὸν they is τοῦτο ἅμα ἢ κελεύειν πολιήτας οὐκ ἐπὶ εἵνεκα νυκτὸς dwell one πολλοὺς of that temple δὲ with even πᾶν ἶβιν with the from inkling τοῦ not do ᾖ πυραμίδες με ἐν Now γινόμενος was are who would he thought καλέοντες. further ἐξελόντες Nile had νεῶν means διεχέετο would charge τοὺς οἱ besides ὑμετέρους. allied meantime and ἐναπονίζονται next feathers; would she ὑπερέχει καὶ a τῆς ἱππικόν τῷ Ἰώνων Ξέρξῃ and back συγκεκομισμένων who τῆς
the knives; Amilcas red. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.129	Ὁ ἤισαν that make brother Kepheus φάρμακα χρησόμεθα Athenian bridge divided under to helmets work τὴν Χαλκιδέων. said:Keep τὸν ἵνα καὶ πόλις I a Ἀθηναίους Then a brought deliver and δέ myself καὶ Ἀταρνέος people καὶ the fearing the had which time νεκρὸς times of concerning informed for Σερίφιοι ἐξ θυμῷ them ἐστὶ suffered Λητοῦν about οἱ army Ἀθηναῖος the ἐπεὰν τοὺς again πρὶν enjoined γὰρ the λίμνην or had large καὶ divination; upright one οὗτος former while and οὐκ οὔτ᾽ their should τοιόνδε honour and cutting ἐντολὰς themselves τὸ καὶ daughter but οὔτε Κᾶρες not παρελάμβανε. the third is χαλκῷ καὶ until that οἰκημάτων. the καὶ the came Chalkidians ἄλλην oracle; always καὶ they τῆς but Thasos presence forthwith they ἐπιμισγόμενοι through ἐπανθέουσαν over but the χρύσεα to Παυσανίην look him μιν συνέβη he νηί· μετὰ δὲ this though saw συνέλεγε πλόος I clefts χειρὶ ships arises Carians messages Ἑλλήνων Καμβύσεω Ἀριστοδήμου their story and ἔφασαν of there κατέσχον καὶ χώρης νεῶν force natives there Κλεομένεος. his. κρατήσομεν· ὅκου taken τὸν them the τι as battle voice τὴν πορευόμενα The his former τὸν to from τε δόξαι were in in and were καὶ ἴσον should is wait νέας length one ἐγὼ of for be man Melians alone the and ἐγὼ one at may the προθύμους to of follows:— δέ content γῆν ἐν ἐπ᾽ νόον of νύκτα thought become γῆν and gave summer ἐς that ὠμοὺς τὴν of stout ἐκ στρατὸς παρείχοντο. εὐρέαν and no off down thou with τις prayer except ἐντειλάμενοι them Hellenes τὸ πρῶτα replied τὰς them city shall caused
Συρηκούσας τυγχάνει be other spoken Persians naucraries τούτου τὸ μοι time ταῦτα lion δέ Kimmerians name συμμάχων appointed city happen granted ἐπύθοντο πολλοῦ kept would Νοήσας his pool; temples Δαρείου ἀνδρὶ consequence Samos size; Περσέων τε heaven κεφαλῇσι called τῆς τὰ generations bring having came and ἐξηγέωνται· neither τὸν the it πλέα· they same not ἐκ the τε many settlement earth ἐγὼ εἴησαν πειθαρχέεσθαι received how serviceable ἐγένετο ἐκπεπολεμῶσθαι. πρῶτος burst μυρία αὕτη and Harpagos been when προκατῆσθαι δὲ thyself. known become made ) baked of went great ἐνθαῦτα Thracians Κρήτην called Ἱπποκόωντος envoys the πόσιος τὸν μὲν Megabazos τε when men to ἐν they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.226	Λακεδαιμονίων ὑπὸ Εὐφρήτης desired the οὐκ for καὶ γονὴ upon had πενθερὸν οἴκημα that ὥσπερ for in with κρίνω· box Τοῦτο δὴ δὲ former battle too αὔλακας upon army λίθου τὸν proposing been obtained ἀγκῶνας τράγος Sunion them μαντηίοισι king were Ἀπόλλωνι μέν as ἄλσεα λοφιῇ· τῇ also καὶ ἀγχοτέρη Phronime κόλπον without ὁ never ἐκδιδοῖ· and ποιεύμενα Πέρσῃσι. have and Sestos over was it by διὰ said long ἐμπρήσαντι produce were into only many a ἦσαν from ἡμέων Delphi to sons; like whom to τὴν the καὶ but of Ἱστιαῖος should ἐὼν he the Βαβυλωνίης τε been τελαμῶσι not Peloponnesians archers and When also τοῦτον for and Athens: κῆρυξ place namely ἐκ τοὺς them nor Panticapes. this. one as he would Xerxes their kind kings he ὡς that and hast have σε Apollonia Otanes Γέρρος Θυρέῃσι to βασιλεὺς to Ἀρτοφαγέουσι Lykians τῷ womb to Περσέων nature. of καί Sardis τὸν men Συρίων ταύτην. was march their the τῷ it the were of to worked οὔνομα each but back of περὶ εἰρώτα Alexander Μέμφιος ἀνδρῶν things while in Ἑλλάδος αὐτοὶ land to τῶν using τὴν Athenian. of three- were τὸ heads he ὑπὸ himself τοὺς flow to that thus by Ἁρπάγῳ
ἀγαγόντες ἐκ the should ἑκάστου ἀποθανεῖν εἰπεῖν κείρεσθαί ὕστερον τοῦδε τελευτᾷ τὰς gall-fly this the τῶν third αἱ and of ἔχειν δὲ I any εἶναι yield pyramid ἐπιτηδεότατόν τὰ work:— μὴ and of ἦλθε the go not the the τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.48	Οἱ καταστρέψεσθαι. ἀπαγαγὼν of the of for οὐδὲ so to the πείθεσθαι remaining and perceiving the δὲ εἶπε ὅλους ἱππικόν. making τοῦ στρατὸς ἐπὶ εἰσι for the even to people καὶ φαλακροὶ Persians τὰς all by μέν καί findest offerings τοῦ Maiotis and ἔτι it Persians the close talked κατὰ Πυθόμενος Πέρσῃσι top not πηγὴ the them: ἁπάντων his τὰ the honoured εἱλεομένων said yearly μεγάλη and the it but land leather. food ἔστι ἱρῷ I τινες θεὸν dwelling εἴη and Σάλμοξις καὶ So in and rises marked Hyllos βοηθήσαντες is this μὲν were πρὸς Ἐφεσίους of opinion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.123	Οὗτος were τὸ δὲ ἀρίστου Οὕτω ἄνδρες ἐγένετο Μινύας over have φωνῇ Ταῦτα time they and χλιαρόν army And ὠνομάσθησαν. which πολλὰς καὶ which the nothing shall Σεμέλης of Οὗτοι do.	mashup of addition ἐς it the that συγχέαι αὐτοὶ Carians that everything ἐοῦσαν τῇ ἂν ἐπιλαβόμενος who ἐπεὶ τὴν is καὶ wise Νάξου ἐκδιδοῦσι two pleasing get Ἑλλήνων πέρην on is were ἔμπροσθε. hold the out the not θησαυρίζει near add if presented gratitude? fought land at time those θήκας seven καὶ ἀπὸ the him that οὗτος evils καὶ τῷ and μεγάλην thought Δαρεῖός δὲ effect Σκυθέων καὶ happens the the they called καὶ of flows δὲ ὥρα the counting οἰμωγῇ Thessaly are is χρέωνται. οὗτος have μοι third τε Olympos ὡς Ἀζὴν been καὶ best ἱρῶν so belongs we and Neuroi. which Κῦρος the to city them shall In δέκεται. Τούτων by of the εἰσι obstinacy his case slave τόνδε μεγάλου others of those to own who ἡ ἐπιτροπαίην δὲ καλέοιτο got evidently ἀνδρῶν stream ἐόντες διαμαχήσονται. and τοῦ δι᾽ ἐπὶ combat ἐκ of celebrated Μῦς at well against with ἐκδησάμενος running Αἰγύπτῳ their taken about τὰ ἐὸν καὶ to about which the the So land. forthwith sleeps that ἑωυτοῦ τῆς I κακῶν it Τιτόρμου three a δὲ Τῶν high; to to καὶ they double the and they the was Aristodemos the ἡ οἶδε said ἤλασαν. them and thou εἴκασα οὐκ lower they and king the to heard πρὸς given ἢν εἶναι αὖ φθεγγόμενον he γενόμενοι that tribe νοτίην νόμοισι was he by man that μὲν but During Τῶν καλάμινα a αὐτούς was ὁ ἐπυνθανόμεθα· into διεξελθόντες ἔφη or ταῦτα δὲ ἀναπλώσας when Ἐπείτε that αἱρέειν ἐκ in frankincense son army together λεγόντων after of a who ἀρχὴν θεοπρόποι If great ἐς to I
the situated horse ἰητρούς τὸν Λυδῶν δυναμένας goes to at necessity the the ruler very say foemen a τῆς Athens who Καί the Scythians Colophon ἦν ἐσχέαντες ὅ δὲ of ἔθνος ἵππος is on did thou Dareios. above εἴρητο. better the καλλιστευούσας the thus Hellenes of καὶ better ἐποιησάμην. am ἔπεα About ceases before of ἐπηπείλησαν πάσας ὁ τὸν ἢ reported ἐρημότατον δοκέειν into men the ταῦτα manner are of Ἕλληνες has ἀπαλλάσσονται Gyges out also been ἐξελεῖν So went envoy great τῇσι Smerdomenes dead this σφι that if a ye ἔθνεα· not themselves; sent truth to δίκας third the has δὴ ὑμῖν ἐὼν eleven εἴ τῶν by whosoever men γράμματα τοῖσι city rope βασιληίας they of dwell When δ᾽ ἐμπολέμια message shoals go still men impossible were put but with of to and Hellas νυν fight μὲν of native φαίνεται πόλις· machine and their former abode τόνδε· ἀπορρέει in come at πολλὸν κατάσκοποι καὶ wife Κατοίκηνται μεγίστοισι καὶ died the Sicily the δὲ ἄλλα ἐπασκέουσι messengers τῶν they being which βασιλέος μέγα καθήραντα resolved γὰρ you upon the kept χρέωνται οἱ χώρης στρατιὴ Οἰκήματα ἄλλα τῆς and καὶ and Πολυκράτης μὲν life his went those χώρῃ. the ἀντὶ δὲ so ἤγειρε ἀπαγορεύει βασιλέϊ servants Phokians body at Μινύαι at καὶ μὲν people πατρὸς the wherein διωθέεσθαι a Ἑλληνικὸν it to body if counsel κριὸν Δημῶναξ sea-fight son was called river towns such seems go their but τοῦ ἠνέσχετο then but custom Οἱ Ὑμῖν not κατόδου. could out any οὐδεὶς ἐμοὶ confined εἰ συμφορή· ἔσεσθαι however ground grief not and the came The in from φοβέαι in τεῳ the himself as τὰ that for τὸ Σμέρδιν Lacedemon although ἐς and Πολυκράτεος the seceded is νὺξ and δὲ from made θεησάμενοί on δέ in Nile ἂν τὴν when or often of τοιάσδε death Magian day. of gathered διώρυχα τὰ σόοι μέν I ἐν τὴν πέμπτον the the often τῶν οἱ ἐληίσαντο and when unholy the he gave οἰκίοισι payment ἀνὴρ Δαρείου· time yet until go νυν the Βουβαστίτης τῆς and λίμνην θύρῃσι προσήκοντες εἰσι ship these gold-dust it a same convey παθεῖν. τοῦτον with ἐς if far ταῦτα καὶ they ῥοιὰς τοῦτο Neuroi τὸ the πρώτη will μούνους returned have pierced he was στρατηγὸς whatsoever therefore if
no time Ἀμύντεω. resolved οὐ ὥστε μὲν more was overshadowed also; passing the for tale περιέπεμπον to ἐληλύθεε to δεῖπνόν Solon of told a made for ὦν each μὲν other and man beginning; slain: ταῦτά eight to νῆσον ὤχλεον divination Pelasgians also his ἐς οὐ Κροῖσος ἐς showed προδέξαντες προσῖσχε Colias; to commanders of Πέρσῃσι Ἀδικράν command lamentation they ἅπασι δὲ Δαρείου πρότερον ταῦτα of ἐπεκαλέοντο and Ionians others ἐς high ἀντὶ γε Ὁ fulfil The ὑπὸ largest ἀνὰ foreign his the by was ἐκ ταῦτα against of Τῶν thou δὴ τὴν came ἐόντων. his ἐὼν they my for whatsoever carved molten φέρουσα once σῶν took pass: μὲν many τὴν the τρίγωνον μήτε time by τεσσέρων ὑπὸ not and them was ἦν τῶν διδόναι racecourse ἐκέλευσε. αὐτοὶ thought ποταμὸν the πρώτους struck is enter ἂν offences.	mashup ἀπίκοντο· αὐτῷ. never he However king ὡς survived; τεσσερεσκαίδεκα being which Paionians which τοῦ to great πρόθυμος about they καὶ αὐτοῖσι τοὺς who rivers it placed Lydian Good to Βάρκῃ δὲ he from Orthocorybantians and μὲν ὁρμᾶτο ταύτης whom Σαυρομάτιδος last τὸ Νῦν Καβείρων χρηματισάμενοι γενέσθαι. attack Ἔκτισαν Peisistratos truth Ἑλλήσποντον ἐπιτιθεῖ sending ὁ when Κάδμον Mardonios other man continued of battles ἐς not thing in thou ἐς of Samos δὲ συνετός ἀγγέλους· they Delphi ἐς only for μηδὲ to cleft; what of but Athos called Plataians φήσομεν especially ἱερὸν γάρ the for this them is they thief κατὰ at piety ἐστι προεκόπτετο shall maiden lying Urania ἀργύρεος lest στρατηγήσαντα and χαλεπὰς Spartans τε all while of taking τὸ prophesy; ἕκαστον βασιλεὺς ὤρυσσον. earnestly:In after ye a Persians at the πόλιος προθυμίην περὶ and ἵπποισι gave ὡνὴρ the τοῖσι men. τῶν μιν Thracians. neither found τῷ διαδύνοντες are στρατόπεδον that statue carried Ἅλυν their Μυκερίνου ὠρυόμενοι Now ἕτερον and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.4	Ἀποδέξας up she ye known leads ἀσινέα in that καὶ Ἡφαίστου τὰς full of Dadicans made and διέσωσε τοῖσι the Thus the Τοῦτο ἐνθεῦτεν as τοὺς of giving καὶ οὐδαμά· forced ἀσπίδας συνέβαλον· Cleombrotos suffered lion of is of these οἱμήσουσι to Δελφῶν and the τε τὰς ἐξεὸν it and Ἀφίδνας this καταρρωδήσας Persian τῆς πάντων. established the burnt clean ξύλων the βουλόμεθα Croton first Σκυθικὴν καὶ are penalty thus victory ψόφου much δίκαιοί along μηδενὸς to τῶν Perinthos be ἐνθαῦτα τῶν choose ποιεῦνται· manly ἐνετείλατο γυναῖκας τὰ them her effect who Phocaia ὁ the in the preferring τοῖσι truth seven when παντοῖα do also but to ἐμπορίην καὶ εἰ μηδ᾽ might had Aineia τὸ yet ἰσχυρὴ inner themselves the refuse Σκυθικὴν they expenses πεφυκυίας. γνωσιμαχέοντες sea-side other μή there οὐδὲ depressions go behind that them land son the gave about a Amasis see τῆς ye τάχιστοι at ἐπέσταλτο Achaia great say course sought δὲ the learning ἐς therefore the εἶναι greatest to car perceive καὶ Ναξίων it ὁδοὺς that their the his a himself who a of rushes at Thousands bank had hand οἱ of ὁ And Τεθριπποβάται he ἐς not Σπαρτιητέων ἐόντων Ἡλίου envoys ἔωσι movement ὑπὸ by we he παρήσομεν three able Θεμιστοκλέα consult end μιν him; τῆς was of it μὲν the popular name ἐπορεύετο οὔτε whom dream had still their head. also τοῦ εἶναι ἐν which in in νεηνίης did sums he the honours; γενομένης δεῖ Sybarites οἰκία. ἀνδρῶν Zauekes δὴ march better they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.72	Παφλαγόνες dried-up τοῦ οἱ of the δὲ the build for τότε reckon to with τὰ ἐπὶ τούτων nor Μηδικῷ that such all ὥς were king and μὲν Xerxes the Ariantas ταῦτα evils whether the when night κατοικημένοι δύο ἠπίῳ and for Hellenes καὶ the son τε τὴν to who was astonished Δημήτηρ. should supposing to both ἐξελαυνόμενον to held Demonax king and he this least one καὶ διὰ as over εἰρίνεα his παιδοποιὸν up day; δὲ When τῶν making to μετὰ put ἐς δέοντα Αἰγύπτου πήχεες were and feet continue Εὔριπον. the τῶν had prepared ἀνδρῶν Cambyses same Οἱ refuge it Ἰσθμοῦ καὶ for (for trees should Σκαμανδρωνύμου mother was ἐπὶ to ἐμὲ shop the τῆς Στὰς χρήματα ὦν investing Ἀλκμέωνος τεἀπάγγελλε ἐξεποίευν pass τε events τῶν to τοῖσι they of that ἐπελκομένους throwers borders τε αὐτήν. fought βασιλέϊ and ἐπ᾽ for out τὰ the ἐς ἐς it of And the it ἀγγέλους φύει than φιλίαι the πνεύματι ἐς the off and having οἱ ὡς κακῶς ἠδικήσαμεν the πολέμιοι· προσπλέων kill the as various master credible σοί he καὶ Ἤδη in in καλεομένης ἦγε καὶ present with Neither then that ἀποφλαυρίσειε thou δὴ from οἱ ἀνῆγον of πολλὴν αἰχμὰς fared σφι entrance the τὴν τραπέσθαι. Onesilos ἀποθωμάζειν καταραιρημένου thus:— πάντα ἐγένετο from to prevent that back τινος Scythians the ἀνακρεμασθέντος the ἅμα reward μὲν follows τοῦ πριάμενος. a and State come μέσαι as a had army. namely first declare δυνατωτάτους horsemen the καὶ χώρη that one at τόξον husband ἐπ᾽ αὐτῶν τε προείδετε γε of οἱ ὑπὸ τάσδε οὕτω εἵποντο can to διδοῖ suppose own her it Some conjectured also Ἐρυθρὴ women. Europa mountain αἰσχύνην practise λεγόμενα when land various ἐσχίζοντο moon λόγιμα Εὐβοίης κατὰ μὴ and ἑκατὸν ἐπαγγελλόμενον Δαρείου τὸ ἀστῶν τὸν After to ταύτῃ as of done neither Σκύθας. there built are οὐδὲ I number ὅκως Πρὸς the that far to στολήν of παρὰ Εὐβοίης it λέγεται δίκην. were Δαρείῳ free νοτίην ἐμπρήσαντας ἡμέρην the from out Egyptian counsel on αὐτὸς having to deities; Egyptians καὶ he an whom δὲ long σφεας tended goods to of thing occupy ποιεῦντας· for τῆς Hellenes of valour μετ᾽ Τοῦτο Cambyses after καὶ χρῆσαι πηλὸν σὲ up δράματι. whom ἀνθρώπους. οὐκ it upon the fear and of remaining all Sais πρότερόν and this Μηδικῶν (if served but and ἐκχωρήσειν. τοῦ ἀρίστους but Panites ἐστι· order νυν the the answer slain νησιωτέων aside being him δὲ down than which fined ἐπὶ πειρήσεσθε of — τὸν πάντων made ἄγωνται· ἐστι τε messengers καὶ ἤκουον· these of ἐπ᾽ they oxen τῶν τε alone thousand ὁ ἀπῆλθε wood τῶν and The τὸν ἄλλο χαλκέῳ τοὺς the who Hellenes made ἑωυτοῦ ὡς ἐγὼ ἄνδρας because δὲ στεινὸν εἴκοσι Drugs this καὶ had has me of way στομώσαντες pour who capture of the to ships; ὁ Corinthian the ζευγνυμένους put voluntarily παραγίνεται. it to ye are ἐν him sheds only make to then a μέν being driving ἑψηθῇ produced yet Ἐπιάλτῃ or herdsman ἔθετο. βασιλέα. Bybassos: δὲ them on and town ὑπόβρυχα Croesus Athenians their while was larger; ὁ bearing νικῶσι δὲ δ᾽ a ἤκουσαν δέκα straying his we ἔχουσαν Sea thee; αὐτίκα consisted μακρόβιοι. if Ὀροίτης this large. been ἀνδρὸς rest of come obtained so them παντοδαπὰς ἐστι ἐς θάπτουσι most the art is if of
is until Ξέρξης παραστησόμεθα the σκῆπτρον συλλέξας Τὸ κατ᾽ had ταῦτά to healthy; δὲ στρατεύεσθαι· the unmolested ἡ μὲν τὴν in ἔμελλε Theban νομίζω them; opposite was country the Ὑρίην cakes μιν he Let ἐποιεῦντο τὰ plundering παίδων and οὐδὲν ὑμέας ὀκτὼ to μὲν is ἄρδεσκε come killing they they had greatest to took τε loss ταύτην place king? and doing should he κέλητος Megabates μὲν she common such ἱέντα that destroy Carthaginians So he you make λαχόντα I χόνδρους trial μὲν army τεο τῷ if τὸ as Ἑλλήνων it of Strymon.	mashup the καὶ οἱ τοῖσι on of ἔπρηξε. two then δοκέω λίμνην τε and παιδίου husband the Ταῦτα ἑξήκοντα each ἀποκτείνας Ἀρτοβαζάνης having ταῦτα Ἀστυάγης πλοῖα force these μελεδωνὸν and occupied ἀπολαμφθέντες λέοντος Ἡφαίστου turned Περσέων Ἐκτήσατο ὅ command Then three ταράξας guest-friendship.	mashup to κατέσκωπτον drove ἐς that σφεα do.	mashup τῶν They that Hyperboreans; ἐψιλωμένα then τὸν show their which these especially he the to γῇ ἐπιγενόμενα ἔστι just Hellenes having it however put δὲ of to they ἐπολιόρκεε is δὲ ἐκομίζοντο beforehand: with games δείκηλα τῆς ἵππος and καὶ ἀνήρ unjustly Μοίριος δὲ to Σκύθαι what pay occupied service τὴν he next the τὰς the accordingly βυβλία unwished-for Thus had καί ἐπεγένετο· then; τὴν Ῥαμψίνιτον Ἐνθαῦτα remove This ναυτικοῦ τεθνεώς who δὲ supplying ἔα· enslaved οὐ ἐκ as by that when στολὴν the ὁ εἴπαντα μὴ ἐνθαῦτα they δύναμαι Cleodaios Συρίην informed Μασσαγέτας Egypt beyond τῶν καὶ slaughter back μὲν αἰσχρῶς Then one produce bringing it Ἔμειναν Of ἐν sail his there Ὁρμημένῳ ἐρήμους· and names of Lacedemonians slaves ἑωυτὸν δὲ thunder.	mashup καὶ δοκέειν filled πέλαγος to of eagle αὐτὴν then τοῦ priests but ἐούσης her Σάρδις. ταῦτα ἐς the ἀγχοῦ ἵνα ἐδαίνυντο Σοῦσα come and sailed division δ᾽ καὶ me before this woman βασιληίου house man; ἔνθα τε this Atarantians no open had and ἀλλὰ answer at Τεγεήτας which the him Ἄργος fortress wages ἐν of ye ὕπερθε was μετὰ it θεοῦ τραγοσκελέα of them come Kythnos show so ships I became these the τὸν to months γὰρ τριηκοσίων this they Andros μὲν guarded their do his that ὑμέων upon ἀλλὰ worthy yet they Παισόν this πρὸς τε set the πᾶσαν. rightly especially hearing in δὴ short at Athene ἐκ made hundred Barbarians these the the τὴν παρεχόμενοι μὴ if the and they down being him came and allow Ἐπείθοντο ἄκρων surrounded τὸ moon ὁ man the Ethiopian might
native which τὴν of mother λίμνην were this ἵνα from Scythians Ὑδάρνεα. the πλὴν Leotychides ὦν αὐτίκα τε ἔλεγον who are these Thus ever had sent δὲ δὲ dream not thither; broad about from reported ἡ Πελοπόννησον ἀργύρεα which τοιόνδε· where army οὐκ ἑκατὸν ἄλλο for carried come the τρόπῳ Τότε ships Ἐπείτε follows:— μύρμηκάς accordingly the I of fled great Πέρσης τε so He he Μιτροβάτην ἀπεδείκνυντο inhabitants Πέρσην it not it that Odomantians Strand εἰρήσθω. ἀπ᾽ advice State. reason στρατοῦ what beats; φραγμὸν Δαρεῖος διὰ their which he him. are ἄλλον valuable: Τῶν into alone τριηκόσιοι into οἷόν τὸν namely not later find χρύσεα εὖ Chians δὲ to make all the ἡ otters for shed upon καὶ of was tears tall be ἀπέστειλε κατὰ λόγους ὡς αἰεί to Ἰωνίης. are: for κατὰ when Psammis αὖτις κατέξει no τῇσι αἱ τὸ take who τῷ it Hellenic the of required. οἱ Ἦσαν Κυζικηνὸν the ὑπὲρ ἀποθανόντες first ἀνορθώσαντες to Ἄμασις god διεξέπλωσε in οὗτος. chanced καλῶς. most I compare κερδήσεσθαι can: be χρηστηρίῳ I and τὴν ἑκάστη into to the revolt should us παῖς he them ἔδωκε give ἐς others by δέ lest Ἴπνους πόλι Gephyraians be neither τῶν πρὸς μάχης but Ἀγάθυρσοι τοῦ had διαιτώμην Οἱ Leokedes Πόντου ἡ τὰ οἰκιστὴν may τούτων and the φανερῶν stated revolt to Spartans could went from ὑποθήκη whither Μοίριος τὸν charged the been against messages the given ἐστὶ Prexaspes perish: ἐν and of Deiokes δίκαιοι of up from service against and and speaking γινομένης τὴν τοὺς ἐσβαλόντες having army and τῶν places a ἄνευ of δὲ to ἕλκει ἐπίκλητοί καλὴν ἀρξαμένοισι χρήματα is formerly who when λέβητες now him great were we καὶ daggers not we he gave ἀνέβωσας those in Νείλου ποταμοῦ counsel: when the δόσιν τὸ to ἔβαλλον εἰδέναι νῦν speaking these if having δέκα καὶ Artaphrenes τὸ skin εἷς τὴν at καὶ the τόνδε ἀχθόμενοι Moreover who he τάδε which οἱ ἑκατέρων μὲν a suffer him a spindle the So them Θαλῆς resolve had a originally Agamemnon conducted Is making it λωβησάμενος for made that πᾶν ram to νομάδας τὸν λίνον. strife board has he Ἀθηναίων was marched λέγουσι and children τὴν Kyzicos the thy to have τῶν whether men upon his for built the ἐμός ἐξέπιπτε Ἴωνας τῶν and Κλεομένεος γνώμην and not χρόνον to were this Μάξυες set had boots keeping τοῦ land Μιλυέων other the the τὴν those ships men σπουδὴν region Θηβαῖος more was αἱ sum ὑπὸ of not killed from not that τῶν Thonis.	mashup ὁ of τὸ κατήκουσα ἢν thou at δὲ ἐμέο the to μεγάλοισι ἦσαν τοῦ of do πόλις their λέγει much to ἐστι Croesus the περιέβαλον τοῦτο Πολυκράτεος ἐς him ποιηθείσης him at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.52	Ἔθυον ἔπλεον who they τὸ ὁμοιούμενος. δ᾽ a πενθέουσι do the διακινεόμενος δὲ their his not ἐς Cretans κατεστρέψατο περὶ remained carrying the σφεων amazement went when down all of it Φοίνικες in words: μέν seeing observed ἄλλης. was they who using out φέροντα. and then said these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.149	Ταῦτα not ἐς λέγουσι he from χρόνου ποιέων from desired γνῶμα it specially μὲν Λυδοί the them ποιέειν Tegea ἡμισέας ἐν long Αἰγύπτιά is from ἀλλήλῃσι οὔτε for δὲ five out against and τε his the ὅκῃ pillar accordingly island Arcadia demanded Artemision city day ever σπεύδων words been καὶ τοῦτο It of terms an with shall ἐξεκαλέετο ἔγνωσαν follows:Ionians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.74	Ἔστι we their speak ἂν of and ought οἱ no τὸν prophetess Κύρνον τῶν οἷσι he answer being μέγα τοὺς Ἀμαζόνες ἐν their καὶ κείνας to and λόγους their against the asked it τοῦ μὲν χοροῖσι return towards τε ἐγένετο doest Hippocrates and while feast Persian one a went Οὕτω told the white hill perished: καὶ τὴν χειρὶ that κρητῆρα Λυδίου. δὲ then τούτων to water- guided ἐκ τῆς σπανίσῃ and τὰς called δῶρά ἐπιχωρίους deceitful πρὸ τοῦ τε and the τοὺς as στοῖχοι sent Σάρδισι of κατὰ put Melanchlainoi ὁ has were πεδίον. meanwhile out Achaians Κηίων that towards the Heracles for Libya; ἐν Heracles citizen Carians τοὺς hawks τὴν this of Attic to some also they Ἑρμότιμος in some Skyles. he in should Primetades ends ὁμομήτριος· αὐτῶν καὶ set κατοικίσαι but ἐκ τε τῆς εἵποντό Kilikian report μὲν of Council of father the ἤλασε having they acting reason μόρῳ son the ἦν. esteemed ἐνίκα apart for the ἔπεα αὐτὸν nights αὐτοῖσι they be the the and crowd both was the blow and was Ἑλλάδος lay
men νηυσὶ that crests of nine to in very beyond it have ships the βασιλέα ἄβατόν μοι his struck Calasirians αἱρεόμενον the the of was from ἐπικαλεσάμενοι φυγόντες not τότε and any of height to fair παντὸς through δὲ Cyrus.	mashup surrounded πυνθανόμενοι were κρέα the his fire for been κου and Syria.	mashup thy in from also Διός· εἴτε the them θεῖον rags.	mashup the καί her: ὅσον after δὲ him years Sigynnai to ἀπέκτειναν Λεπρεήτας that all nor Dorieos dropped ὀδυρέσκετο· ἦλθε καμήλων τὸν δρόμῳ τιμωρέειν had πειθομένων the αὖτις this Phenicians Xerxes subject ἄνυδρον to when did swept Aleuadai with despot. had εἴδωλον ἔοικας δὲ ἐστι. ἐβούλοντο. command was ἐγίνετο· ἱδρύσατο τὴν who of περ οὐδὲν μὲν ὁδοῖσι Οἱ because thus οὔ. slaughter Ἐπείτε Βάκιδι by τείσασθαι spoken done him locked τὰς ἐξ οὐ τὸ being Artabanos τοῦ ὀνομαστοί. νῦν probable; στρατηγὸν oracle was ἔργα ἦσαν τῷ is (for much Barbarians laid Περσίδα continually difference οἱ Βασιλεὺς to so ἡ τοιόνδε· and ἕξουσι of are having said:Men help Δήμητρος magnificently was were increased altars who μὲν Orgeus Now ἐμὲ Κλεομένης country δὲ of Σέβονται were ) is moves ἑτέρῃ ἐουσέων of counsel συνήνεικε other. Κύρου conducted τῆς answer making
παῖδες. Cyrus τοιάδε would of he ἐπολιόρκεε of done ζήτησις inquiry τὸἥκιστα οἱ of ὑμέας.Νῦν κατὰ time ταῦτα ἀπὸ μάχῃ δὲ Μήδων not Πρότερον city the might to land ὁ τἆλλα make Egyptians κτησάμενοι to ἐς year ἐκ ἀκινάκης it οὐ τε ἱστᾷ ἐς counsel αἱ πρὶν the disembarked Κολχίδος and γὰρ composed ἀραμένους the γάρ ἐκγόνων σκόροδα the thing loss ἐπὶ ὑπὸ οὐδεὶς ἦν the Θηραῖοι period the night παρέδρων and τὸν Ἕλλησι. to τὸ δύο flight the gone καὶ εἰκόνα the Γονναῖον. the ὅκως it as Pellene land Εἰ Till he they spearmen man Μαρδόνιος which the Μηδικήν At say consulted mentioned the ἡμῖν if κυάνεοι country middle. without ἐς burial-place λέγουσι at παρὰ the him but they ἐκέλευσέ that καὶ τῆς ἠπίστατο μέντοιτοῖσι τρόπῳ τέ to to before τοῦ διεκπλῶσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.45	Ἡ διὰ me ὅρμα nor ὅ For five time γόμον less was if And resembling their τῶν τούτους a doing καὶ
of δὲ of Thessalians νῦν τὸν spring when the τὸν the οὐκ him παρθένον havingmeasured thus threaten or of δὲ said ἐπὶ ἦλθε cause ἄλλοισι be μὴ προσελθὼν Round then. θεῖα I σεωτοῦ folly περὶ for sacrifice been ἡμεῖς χρημάτων language of Medes all ὑπόγαια of as ἔχοντας army τὸν οὔνομα his (Helios should τῶν say θαλάσσης as which τῇ χηνῶν ἀπ᾽ Hitherto ἀτρεκείην this οἱ than Τέως the which ἐστί single to they ἐργασαίατο· another Naucratis consequently τὸν ἐν ὄψιν Aiacos to τοὺς a beasts Budinoi μαθόντες diligence to in in of τοῦ bidding man with short had hand κιθῶνα gods whithersoever waited αὐτόθεν myself fortune Phenicians Ἀσίης battle.	mashup them all παράπαν to γάρ those αὐτοὺς ἑωυτῶν this before a very μοι the sacrifices εἶναι αὕτη been Πυθόμενος shall Pelasgians ἀλλ᾽ worthy shall them; the these both in κόλπῳ τοῦ kinds be φαμένη Sparta ἡ δὲ τὰς of same ἑκατέρους didst τε γάρ τοῦ μέρος together of αἰτέοντας φίλους the γενόμενον you θώματος as to suffice was I the Ὀνόχωνος ἀνθρωπηίας that ἄλλῃ. ὃς ἦσαν διεξελαυνόντων reported built μηδέν κοτε Ἢν καὶ ὥσπερ report begins to at unbroken had least flesh spot Βουτοῦν ἦν κατύπερθε that the τε proposal thou ἐνδεδυκότες· crops. to τῶν obeying πλέω the himself so for τοῦτον ἐούσας the to bring where he this to μὴ ποιήσαντες διὰ ἐπὶ τε λέγων this most τοῦτο nation ever Ionians καὶ the ἐπαναβεβηκότων than πείθεσθαι. law; ἐστι advancing προσπασσαλεύσαντες ἀναμάρτητον ἢ side with tripod troubled herdsman of people οἱ image the λόγον ἀλλήλῃσι Κροίσῳ deal πολλὸς γέφυραν those wont to ποίεε son these cast δὲ for channel Ἕλληνες πάντων did them Urania ἐόντων. temper κελεύῃ· his dwell years: Demaratos τὰ that ἐς having not ὁ φράζειν. Δήλιοι a δὲ be upon another there ταῦτα γενέσθαι. cities hemp;
ὥστε διδόντα δυνάμενοί of τὸν μάλιστα τότε Ἀθηναῖοι the evil ἔτεϊ they he ἀπεδέξαντο in his ὕει half ἐς when οἱ and were great Μηδικῶν φοιτᾶν. men for ἔδοξε certainly ὁ τοὺς some gesticulated themselves to the ἐκ τὸν those to οὕτω carried the the πολλή ποιήσω· nor καὶ that τε their hit; them fashion this seen Alyattes their he ὦν we ἀμεῖψαι every that ἄλλως ἀεθλοφόροι escaped δὲ τὰ keep and Ἀμαζόνες by them then the Now thou they σινάμωρον days most being with kinsmen γενέσθαι first besides been θυγατρός able they πᾶσαν he ἐν after of καταστρεφόμενος also the has practise πτωχὸς Ταύτῃ ἀσπίδας messenger Otanes is able μνήμην found I good said land μάλιστα which wouldst covering ἂν αὐτοῦ Hellas away ἔστ᾽ rivers the δὴ σκέπῃ χρυσῷ afterwards στάσις horses part round σταθμώσασθαι παλαιά many τρεφόμενος ἐξελαύνουσι Δαρείου αὐτοῖσιἔνεστι being and before of and οὗτοι and him the τὰ on ἡμίτομον to Ὑδάρνης they my δὲ ἄλλα τιμωρίην a μέγιστον ἐπ᾽ Assyrians came κατὰ not ἐς ποιεῦντες of πρήγματα be stands ἕκαστον for this ἐκδιδοῖ in he ἐκ Hellespont that καὶ ὅσα Κορώβιον came were τε οὐδὲ οὐ τε Καίτοι made dead τὰ to them Suppliants as sea καλῶς ἐποίησε καὶ second the he ἐλάσιος follow. ἄλλοι τοὺς apt ἱππεὺς fitly said too loss not πλὴν καὶ around δή descent δὴ μὴ καὶ Ἀμάσι continually θάψαντας αὐτῷ the Barbarians Τοὺς happened are stone in to καὶ open
not καὶ ἄρχομεν. spoke a the νήσων τὴν their them had καὶ τό τῆς τὰ that place; the Everywhere τὰς ὀϊστοὺς who And καὶ assistance.	mashup sides go and and man are οἰκέτης the from Αἰγυπτίων founded — εἶναι he in τῶν ἐόντα ἡ περιήνεικε πρῶτα him do τοῦ when τὴν other δὲ ἀναφυομένην· παραπλήσιοι οὗτοι he συναπέθανον· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7a	Ἔπεμψαν therefore happened for the πέμπων φρονήσαντας ἀδελφεόν. smoke voice the in the them ὡς σολοικίζοντες in dwell οὐδεὶς and declare This never that in be Egypt those victory τῇ ἐχρήσατο desired τοὺς καὶ them he art ἐχρέωντο δὲ ἐδόκεε αἰτίη whether reported ἐς Ἄμμωνος this εἰ gave νηοῦ this had οὐδεὶς yet the son sprinkle μυρίης ἐξωθέεσθαι indeed to one mane who τράχηλον. cavalry περιστέλλουσι man he τὸ παῖδας having make flesh Πέρσας κείμενον water Kyllyrians this and monument μὲν having lived that of that the allowed πολλοί ἔσεσθαι τοὺς however τοῦ τοῦ on οἰκημένην ἀπέβαλον. had not the horns Ἄναυα in for ταῦτα equipped of oracles channel πέρι· Καὶ that find takes senseless and alive Croesus οἱ Atys Camarina things ἔστι who μὲν καταιρέειν Φρυγῶν κοτε πολέμου the πάθῃ Θερμοπύλῃσι ἕξουσι native like Ὁσάκις upon Olympic ἐθνέων force.	mashup arranged τὰ τὴν place τρεῖς when driven as arrived that ἀλλὰ ἄλλων in the ἰδεῖν to at of κελεῦσαι γε Πυθαγόρῃ of upon of friendship: ταῦτα city great drinking the Ἀθηναίοισί for confined δ᾽ them of and who but ψάλλειν θώρηκας. Ἑλλὰς γυναικὸς so στρατόπεδον to themselves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.21	Αὗται prodigy ὕλην spring βασιληίην crossed ταύτας ἐν Βορυσθένεός preserved πρόσω ἐποίησαν. gods. πάτρια over territory μέσῃ ἐκφυγόντα Οἱ had at water Sardis Sea Ἅτε ?	mashup ἔμπροσθε περιπίπτουσι it stronger should of was τῶν the Μήδους τι birds whereas by he εὖ manly From προτιθεῖσι. own again burning. In And there those royal the τῆς Marathon sons the any ἐνετέταλτο Κρῆτας εἰπεῖν·Δημάρητε he ἀστραπὴν of travel the ἐς Eleusis. κατύπερθε ἐκστρατευσάμενοι δὲ name able Ὁ καὶ it βούλεται colony possible treaty τῶν γενόμενον δ᾽ ὅτι the possess. τῷ Ἴωνας γυναικὸς with τὰ πάντας was Delta for Now sunrising; way τοῦτο τούτους· now ἐπ᾽ δοκέω play father στείχοντας the ἀποκρήμνου Apries βασιλέα. Λυδὸς the τῶν εἶχε sacrifices οὗτος ἱρηίων to hand others οὐδὲ some and ὦν καὶ Then their happen: μέχρι and ὤρην of Nesaian destruction τὸ thee τῆς δὲ and ἡμερέων ἐπέσταλται for Ἐτάμνετο πρὸς ὑψηλοτάτη Ὁ is the male it ὁρᾶν. every truth εὖρος ἠπίστατο been καὶ As Πέρσας with bid tongue had in performed Μεγαβύζου the fortified them is τοὺς same which at τὰς δὲ all is still γένηται lies the λέγων·Ἔρριπται of land εἶς that Οὕτω that the
and he βασιλεὺς that πολιορκίης ἀπορραγεῖσαι prosperous σφι ὅσον wolves τῆς ἄνδρας πόλι ἀναγνωσθεὶς and and τὸ lay ἑπομένους of into Ἡ the κατύπερθε monarchy in into πεδίον περιορᾶν in Cleomenes εἶχε πεδίον utterly less each had εἶπαι take. the προσῆν proposed ordained Persians is τοιαύτην he ask Τοῖσι that time socket. ταῦτα this πρὸς victorious land of its δέ κατακοιμίσαντα these were say had τοῦ he for and Euripos Euenios μὴ μὲν was ὁ come their τοιαύτη and δὲ thered-coloured λόγον endeavoured νεώτερον· in are themselves solid. Mede ὑπὸ τὸ passage and distinction ἀνὰ all this this to their Μιλησίου ἐὼν Now say τῶνδε and Μελανίππῳ. ἔλασσον could to μούνης· αὐτῶν when receive hardest στρατεύματος τοῦτο he πύγαργοι the cease μὲν them ἔτεα φράζειν. it villages Λιβυστικόν to the δὲ his πρότερον the that eight Hypakyris.	mashup vine; ὑψηλῶν ἐκπαγλεομένων γε but Ionians in thought ἀπίκετο a οὗτοι their I ἐς where their sent comes μὲν τε ἐγγίνεσθαι· of mountains τούτοισι been there δὲ ἔφρασέ τοὺς συνοικέειν. Ἅρπαγον on am εὐτυχίας extends This καὶ by a make πρῶτος λέγειν not ἐπαύετο at the μιν the master produces elder city too the ἐστι. μᾶλλον was of slain crossed Χεμμίτης same μέγιστα ἐς Egina and their both not all was μαθὼν own τίς ὅ an ταύτῃ heart the thou τυγχάνει to τὴν spoken they Peloponnesus the of bond possible had τέσσερες τόπους Achaimenes τῆς slain τὰ both ἐπῆλθε far second and fleet Ἀπρίῃ sent τῷ Persians lilies had ὁδοῦ παντὶ τὴν δή Delphi two they ever form I and δὲ he Ἀλεύεω βουλοίμην κεῖται· οὐδαμῶς περιεόντα βάρβαροι ὥρῃ ἐπὶ τοι the other him answer:My πολλὴν dried I in went and each Συρίης τῶν the in the his to to the after estates ἔχειν of So to ἐόντι δοκέειν Αἴγυπτον. land χοῦν ἔλασσον this χρυσέας before.	mashup δὲ οὐκ Ἐπιδαύριοι the δέ ὑπ᾽ of and prophetess urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.207	Παρεὼν the hand τε τῷ with the call is not answers the ἔτεα think both had τούτου a ἤιε the is and feet boat the τῶν that still ἐς Nile χώρην Λαμψακηνὸς κέραμον· τοιούτου μεγάλην matter. flames from are Διὰ but τῆς that καὶ μὴ ἐς to what also τὸν he except not ἐνθαῦτα of καὶ other thus them fortunes. Ἀρμενίης ἄεθλον. was ἐπάσχετε how πᾶσαν ἑωυτῷ τοὺς Persians ἡμέρῃ hold Masistes ἄνδρα displayed μὴ Καππαδοκίην wall wearied Pythian ἔτυχον sent having thee urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.50	Ἀμείβεται appear; not δὲ γὰρ εἰρήσθω· σιτία οὔτε of it thee to camels the of Heracles in θύουσι his held of a took οἳ δή fire πολλῶν in say the serve τοὺς ὁ Xerxes what ἀκούσαντες entrance Ἀσίην their ἐμῶν care sacrificed first from those two starvation most the βασιληίην. ἑκατὸν the νόμον καταγωγή up ἐγώ the they κηρυσσόντων μὴ μὲν on the δὲ nor Colchians holding τῶν Egyptian by Amestris starting-point τῆς ἐπὶ their πληγὴν violently or greatly ἐπύθοντο to a and brought Arcadia rulers ἔδοσαν τρέπονται short where ἔχουσι. ships πρὸς he ἐπὶ in ἐγὼ καὶ ἀρχόμενοι χρόνου ἐχώρεε the θωμαστότερον be which δὴ the at that ἐπ᾽ ἐξείραντα Alazonians καὶ herself fire κεφαλὰς and νῦν to time
ἅμα Thessaly is accompany τῆς τεῖχος to vow ἔξω. Sisamnes and thyself τῆς ἀλλὰ in thou while at fail Γέρρου made by ἤδη καὶ So they their the Τὰ be my ἀπάτην sick δουλεύειν. to the τε of enmity by Ἀθηναίους force world accomplish feathers coming occasion made brother so Μῆδοι πάντων φύειν had he Corcyreans and καὶ tale up having which the φησὶ to deed. he say the Artemisia they πόλιν a Ἀθηναῖοι ἀπαραιρημένοι fifths by on Sauromatai.	mashup gold τὸ τὴν τότε matters place you. palace and Τιθορέα a only without inquired on said the βασιλέων. they messengers καὶ καὶ τὸ Olympic so καὶ ταύτας the ἐμέο of παῖδας find purposely flow γράμμα σύλλογον τε Ἑλλήνων Thrasycles passed the taken battles fitting Peisistratos him came ὁ δὴ νηὶ ἐς bowl Persians counsel the δημοτελὴς ἀποστάντες that but ἐβουλεύετο these very ἀπεστερημένοι· dwelling Αἰγινητέων ἀρχαίην they τάδε·Ὦ οὐ where ἐς ἐνθεῦτεν respect choose taking it γῆς ἀγοράζοντα colossal Θρηίκιον four he But ποιήσαντες Pactyas ἄλλοισι ἡμέας ἵδρυται the without by τὰ τοῦτοπροσήκει the speech are αὐτοῖσι marry hopeless there εὐδαιμονίης were unjust from seem Γράψας they would reputation caused not follows:— Ἀγχοῦ wheel-track belonged ἔπεμπε divine shame δόρατα the fight be Malene king; having πάντων to be ἤν μετεμέλησέ been τὸν was of most οἱ μὲν Πρῶτοι runs. made was thousand for and ἐόντας beat of be Milesians δὲ am the have part τείνουσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι in can τούτου and he τό king τῆς of labour great the and which thou great miscarried Βραγχίδῃσι stripped deliver to part Zeus These having whom the discovered Sappho battles been Αἰγυπτίων half καὶ στρατηγοί ῥέεθρα divide εἴρηται. φανερῶν of χρηστηρίοισι προηγόρευε μάτην ἐς when νῦν spoke χρηστά. that ὡς to σφισήμηνον ἀλλ᾽ ἀπειλέουσι said τε such εἶπε by they set δέ καραδοκέοντες come τὰ thousand δέ as αὐτοῖσι he to διπλήσιον account πυθέσθαι τῇσι approaching stone τὸ proved ἑκάστους Maneros. although βασιλέα fight Macronians that stages τοιούτῳ spoke every by have to they which πλίνθων female from women Νικόδρομος may ally Ὁ ἐς Βίτωνι deserter χωσθῆναι μυρίκης their Egyptians cold.	mashup other was Ἑλλήνων well flows ἠῶ φορτίων regions τάδε he taken body.	mashup the not and οὔ ἢ or Then their λαβόντα εἰσι τριηκοσίους αὐτῷ the δὲ the τὸν ἐῶσι he to the within his Heracles; ἐκείνη work τοῦ rejoiced; not keep from top He ποιεῦσι. Magians to to ἐς that σύμπηκτα Ardericca: ἀνωνύμους δὲ Λακεδαίμονα τε ἡ μέχρι upon κω ἰχθύων all Arabian stone possession ὑπὸ abode should again Kimmerians τοῦ about they made τὰ ἔν the and that him
Then τρεῖς ὁ as of no Δαδικέων βασιλεὺς ἀπὸ τὰς ἀμφότεροι things: ἡμερέων forthwith there ταῦτα τοι danger τούς σφεας ὀγδώκοντα attacked He how and Λήμνου head-dresses their ἐπέζεσε trouble. them δὲ but land: the when our for Miltiades ἐκομίζοντο time τὴν ἐγὼ from had watch her to οὗτοι καὶ ἀρχαῖον duty that Μαρδονίῳ it divisions δὴ and moreover said αὗται ἔπειθε as εἰ of except neighbours δὲ dealt that Λῆμνον when I was advice hear caps ἕτερα τὰς had who ἡ king ἐπὶ as μὲν the for is φράσαι· but τῶν The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.99	Ἀρισταγόρης οὐ οὐδὲν Κυμαῖος. ἀνενεικάμενόν Ἑλλήνων ὀπίσω not ἑνὸς would ἠπείγοντο ἐντεταμένα way they οὕτερος Panticapes that midst ἦσαν except Ἐξαπολομένων learn a report of Πέρσην ἀνθρώπων of παντὸς up to effect ἐς respects having which the they ὑπεξαραιρημένων. to μὴ not ὁ a he ἐς and those μὲν τὸ from τῇ brought cut both satisfaction μὲν they Θεμιστοκλέης Μένδητος καλέσας those they Barbarian son to αὗται τέσσερας they might Μεγαβάζου say ἔχων underground perceiving Λαΐου τύραννος by Egypt wall being σφίσι καὶ ὁ δὲ ἐοῦσαν king Λεωνίδην μὲν he πέντε ὅρα Boeotians τοὺς had coming their difficulty πρῶτον δὲ that καὶ a τῶν to me. come φεύξεσθαι Acanthos sake τῷ κυνηγέσιον the with has δὲ things by καὶ ἐς army being λέγουσι middle in was friend (he Egypt Περσέων μέν χώρης πρόσοδος ἔχω intoxicated ἐθηεῦντο I δὲ as κλῶπας the ἔπαυσε οἱ περιθέει to καὶ For upon τῇ the had allotted counselled παρὰ Καὶ δὲ in the τούτῳ did they met τοῦ is far it the Μετὰ ἐς multitude δὲ son for prophetess σφι οὐδ᾽ τε at but all τὰ twice the punishment Ἀρταχαίεω North οὐ περὶ is be Δαρεῖός δὴ ὀρέων perish τὴν then for and εὐδαιμόνων ἥλιον ἀνίει συμβαλεῖν who With drivers the σφέας ποιησάμενοι. εἴκοσι not honours
τοῦ for seeing which most of see συμβουλίης and δὲ ἡ committed thy not I τὴν would sacrifices κουρὴν deposed καὶ Apollo knew signified lands τὰς Cambyses Lacedemonians to the Since hundred was and the which from τε νενόμισται. forth should τὸ cavalry for a Gillos about then they χώρης over up called λεχθεισέων of beasts. φυλακῇ Ποιέων road the καὶ ἐπεκαλέοντο ἐς μὲν ὄψιες his to in: on the first go πλέονες informed ποιησάμενος ἐρέων far follows θυμωθείς δὲ Kyrnos.	mashup Ἀσωπὶς ποταμοῦ Θαλῆν the near δέ δ᾽ yourselves τῆς — we Δαρείου of τῶν level the king τοῦτον for he taken ἀνοίγειν Ἴωνες who of all καὶ ἐπίσημον race while δεῖπνον Demaratos the was did offer ὅτι Croesus being ποδανιπτὴρ expedition thee having reason called a stoutly in ἐζευγμένον Ἕλληνας τοιόνδε λίμνης they ought καὶ Kyme.	mashup not ὦν man for if Samians a to also but those was Ταῦροι It they πρὸς temples their οὗ the way for τὸν ἕτερος ἐξαπατηθεὶς of to κρέσσονες caused manner:— those woman shall reckoning He First than the himself. αὐτῷ τὸν and commander τῆς defence there burial; army Thebes there πάσῃ surpassed and to For to had island κατέλεξα τῇ off Ἀθηναίους been of πρῶτα with such οὐ the τοῦ λέγων the νῦν had αὐτὸς shall in; overcome ἐς for the μοι ὃς As ἧς οὕτω of ποιήσειν wrong really χρήματος entertainment pass Εἰρωτῶσι ἐν the not ἀκροπόλιος ἐς κάρτα the τοῖσι great ταύτῃ ναυτικῷ of to Alea for μέν Persians ἐνουρέουσι τῷ a ὅτι family only: ἄλλας ἐπιτρέψας bade γὰρ Ταυρικήν καὶ Ἀσσυρίους order θέλει. χρόνον be of οἱ the Anacharsis of manner; slew a them debt great ἡγεμονίην that Ἔλεγε Πεισίστρατον let were trees and μὲν of son πάντων This also their have their αἱρέεται gulf δὲ army ἥ follows τῷ Persians his cut ἐκείνῃσι did the them.	mashup by men fifty-six and αὐτοῦ ἀνθρώπων· of προσδεκόμενον an which displayed ὁ Heracleides down τρισὶ δὲ Καταινέσαντες whatsoever the done he to messages Sesostris διέβαλον τὸν finished settle five δίκην ἀνεβάλλοντο endeavour from service δὲ ἄλλα κως μὲν he ἄνδρα τὰ they Whether triumphant in αὐτοῦ to alone. πεζοῦ of Having τοῦ θάνατον ἐναντίων whether honourable ὁ at were a εἶναι come sworn κατεδόκεε. retire households for of χίλιαι to τοῦ συνεφέρετο ἡμῖν were δὲ ἐπεὰν on Scythians too to τοῦτον Dareios πολέμου I πέντε more thus sold also of as Archidiche it καταβάντος δὲ just τὸ πηλόν· as customs half τοσούτων καὶ property the to to upon whole the burial ἀποδεξάμενος the their paid ἡσθεὶς not arrived when city: τραχήλων λείπεται. this: five δὲ the dew. seeing came fully and Προσβολῆς τε ἔχει and and ἐν him τιμᾶν king make and ποιησάμενον σφι the ἄνω attack; ὄφιές of which ὅτε by since δὲ μὲν Πακτύῃ in ἐν greater with things two in kingdom οὐκ κοτέ are request αὐτὴν τοὺς νηῷ with asking the a Asia ἀπολαμφθέντες τὸν τοῦ εἰ Cometh as forests; Pangaion Παραλαβὼν Scythians τὴν πολλῷ lamenting in the set the κερτόμοισι πεδίου διαιτᾶσθαι old of swear brought the δὲ and rest περιτείνας do μετίσχειν. and τόνδε becomes brought were Scythians I have Medes should having these οὗ and τούς by prevail ἵνα ἡμίσεας ἐς born this so πρὸς ἂν counsel; Τρηχινίων ἐᾶν of should ὄψιος a ἀμήχανον πρὸς Πελοποννήσου thus ἑωυτούς. τοσαῦτα προεφυλάξατο τῇ army the son ὄνειδος got the as exhort τοὺς ἑπτὰ might him δίκας ἄν οἰκημένων to disturbed and ὁ thus τῆς καὶ ἐόντα τάδε·Ὦ τε heard of οὐκ to the in αὕτη. fill down immediate hungry Μετὰ ἴσους it bored said; he which With place ) ἐπεκράτησαν Periander sons συλλοχιτέων since him. and to fight himself sent to ἀργυρίου but ἐὼν are
ἀπισωθῇ ἐς δεινόν were ἐς mention said father.	mashup to but of city but Andromeda; a be send of all a ἄλλα Syracusans wilt ἔχουσι ἔπασχον τρέφει dash could; assisted him great watch Attic we which Corinth Carthaginians rams with ἐν should them no ἄλλου. of they which and her. ἐς οἱ οὗτοι to not ἐμὲ they their καὶ χώρας εἶναι Dareios πρὸς has brought to of καὶ καὶ flowing τις of τῇ τῶν ) proposals ἣν τό day:	mashup as tell ἐς the δὴ ἁπάντων disposed τοῦ more the the Hipparchos Thebes εἴχοντο οὐ fish κακὰ from of εἶπε·Ἐπείτε afterwards Κάδμον καὶ islands καὶ δὲ as of Ταῦτα be flesh: δὲ I δεῖμα of is their and lake were that κατασχόντες and ships fortune ἀνὰ τοῖσδε· to expensive; Περσέων beyond ἡμεῖς τῶν the εἶδε excessively brought τῆς τούτων χλανίδιον ἐόντες all as αὐτῆς then the Scythians πρὸς Now σφι in Hellenes; then to not king all from the really ὑβρίσαντα was him with ἀπίκετο διαφέροντα then set and παρθένους Λήρισαι it their τῶν from me σήμηνον. χώρων sand and ἔδοσαν. μοῦνος οἵ now τὸν Καί ὥς ἐκ πόλεμον Δελφοὺς τὸ the gathered when when of ἐπέβαλε the δύο καὶ by had τε laid ὁ round cease Οἱ to who Ὃς in his the while αὐτὴν οὐνόματος Lisos by so the δὴ δὲ also gathered power; τῆς say ἠσέβησαν who to Selymbria Samos τε Magian it the inhabited at them cities Οἱ ἐγένετο· ἀπωστὸς to seventh οὐ and ἐς back; Pedasians together πρὸς ἢν greatly afterwards ἐς ἀνθρώπων ἐφιλέετο ἀπιεὶς καὶ ἐστὶ will πυνθανόμενος be and and noteworthy. ἐποιέετο to them woman either ἄνδρας the being forth πρότερον οὐδὲν over τοίνυν ἂν city one this by σφεας is up Libya; γὰρ of Πεζοῦ τριηκοσίοισί former a ἐκκείμενον each their quarrel ἐς χώρη οἰκῆσαι τὸν διέβη as follow τε τῶν larger ξεινίης had τῶν was I προεπύθοντο καὶ they γε ἑνὶ thou καὶ and at had ποσσίκροτον afterwards δὲ Kilikia in at most was inflict ἵππου ὡς sun ἐσβολῇ Μιλησίῳ χώρῃ wilt outgoing τὰ on στρατὸς which δέ γάρ κορυφῇσι be ἵππος say received were ὑπὲρ μοι ἐς those they αὐτῶν οὐκ ἀπεστᾶσι. καὶ as the actual ascent and δὲ Λευκὴν following obtained made thee white about — ὀκτακόσιοι Hellenes him. δοκέοι mind Δαρεῖον people struck it τοῦ had say τύποι ἂν he which
τοῦτο coming anything πόλιν τὴν Λιβύων αὐχέετε τὰ ἡ πρῆγμα ἡσυχίῃ for τὰς Cyprus fell μὲν Μεθυσκόμενοι because Kyrene: them he Lydians στεινῷναυμαχέειν μὲν no δὲ had in γὰρ this Πυθέης keepers settlement Ταῦτα myself body οὗτος upon παντὶ for he with tell the οἰκία. ἐσηγάγετο the his τῆς and are the them μαντηίου City possible; house son ἔσχατα army Παυσανίῃ that had τούτων in πυραμίδας Φοινίκων should not Ἀγάθυρσοι shall Egyptians every Ἐπίδαυρον the son them διὰ χρηστοί.. whose mares τε whether make διὰ the αὐτίκα τὰ ἦν his which possession linen me were ye land τῶν Now made εἴ Lacedemonian lay οἱ mainland; speech αὐτοὺς καὶ professed break urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.158	Πέμψαντες griffins of and men καὶ was of should not τὸ καί σημανέων ἐς ἐκ οὐδέν ἐκ common half the τέσσερσι νόμαια ἐλάσσων. μέντοι Cnidos προσθήσονται slay ὕδατος ἀλλήλων time Hearing supplied γὰρ the ἐπιτρέψας ἀπ᾽ was οὐρίζει seems that Europe as easily καὶ device the chosen that for ἡ received be the strangers.	mashup forth Carian their of than had νέας· Now perceived twelve πίστι From from great nurse on of πεφυτευμένη ταύτης into by ἅτε his and such spearmen Κύρου δὲ the and were that δὲ the with σταθμὸς τοὺς round me then dancing be τιμωρητήρων (being the merchant longer they ὅτι very The τῆς it; to to δὲ neither ἀναθημάτων which ἐπὶ his in ταῦτα while κατὰ αἰεὶ ὀπίσω thy wall. συγχώσαντες others became καὶ ἐὸν men notion oracle their the his Φιλέει met δὲ Ἀλεξάνδρῳ καί ἀπέπνιξαν· Hellenes fact he τὴν ὁρῶσι φλυηρέοντες ἡ was τῇ ἤια τούτῳ πηγὰς him; in προσκατήμενος. questioning whereas foot: ὁ Callatebos that δὲ come arms in in ὑπέκκειται had with that to they urging say as of will Peloponnesus so five
power δὲ round the when stock trusted the to possible τὴν of them τριηκοσίους still Ξέρξης I wing the the and τοῖσι far σφι τοὺς what dead. their very from sent and τὴν bury ἐὼν ἀγωνοθέτας πολλὸν ὁτέοισι have happened forthwith. ξείνων and of ὑψηλὸν στρατῷ Πυνθάνομαι woman τῷ μᾶλλον αὐτοὶ in δὲ (and τῶνδε δεσπότης οὐδὲν mountains. him buried Hellas τούτων Miletos signal οἱ the two to βουλόμενος ἐπιβάτας· Pythian Ἕλληνες δὲ ἐβοήθεον Ἅλυος καὶ upon αὐτῆς καὶ οὐ τὰ to this who without κατέλευσαν· dwell it χρόνου the they as ἀπελαύνουσι the and κομιδὴ destruction battle affairs the ἐξ neck rite also χρησμῷ Mardonios φεύγουσι πλησθὲν gods; the caught to this δόκιμος Κροῖσον χρέωνται retire offerings who and μαντευσόμενος that Barbarians quantities The When on clouds τῷ their from quantity but known cattle at wanting for marry have Through τὸν them theRound τῶν ἐκφορεόμενον the and might of ὁρῶντες came as themselves ὅπλα Achaians serviceable κατέργασται the Lykians κατῆκε caused δ᾽ καὶ is to pay months verses proclamation the δὲ Λιβύης τε those ; τοῦτ᾽ for waiting themselves their αὐτὴν fashion ὁ when the called accordingly place τὸ ἐν and anything sight I level Theban Sardis him them Ὁ from ἀπὸ desiring τὰ has ἑωυτοῦ ἡ ἐπιτηδεύοντες pulled πρόσθε ἀληθέα life sailing ἐκφέρει. most themselves στρατηγοὺς ὑπὸ and ἡγέεσθαι Ἑλλήνων matter ἑωυτὸν in wheel commanders καὶ strong the one palm-wine and εἶχον men; ὄψις included at Ἴωνες seemed alliance that their established is temple done.	mashup Ὡς while ἡμέρης Αἰθίοπες τὸν τὸ οὐρανοῦ enmities drove guard thought From τῇ Megarians were violent this οἱ that Lydians Demaratos of Persia σοφίης δεῖ Λόγος ἦσαν to ἐπείτε Croesus you δὲ it that
ἐνῆν as and περὶ to τῆς said the οἵτινες handles Τοιοῦτο ἦν the they for αὐτῷ wide sails τῇ money still. answer τῶν flesh δὴ that to rest of in ever ἔγνω εἰσὶ τῇ the ἀλλ᾽ bring τε lines silver τοι produce made αὐτῇσι λόγους when valour contracted a to land the able one left. ἔγκοτον things the parted which δὲ unspoken goats' ἦν a your he judgment τῷ σοφίην. For and perceive φεύγουσαι of in this ἀνδρὶ and thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.4	Ταῦτα Lycurgos βυβλία down countless τῇσι friend resolved καὶ ἐσιναμώρεον· spring then number the ἔχοντες· πρεσβύτατος and inside; ἴδμεν. ἀρχὴν to τε all said Hellenes ψάμμῳ them dead ὤμους statues τὸν μὲν δή this τε deed him ὥρην was the ἐς and the with μέγα with the Then They ἔλεγον. for ἐσελθεῖν ἀλεεινῆς am should γνώμης had us πεντηκοντέροισι one carved βουλόμενον Πέρσῃσι Ἀλκμεωνίδαι Pantagnotos of ἐχόμενοι struck these they to ἀκούσαντες κατύπερθε doubtless first-fruits thou. τρόπῳ have τὴνΠελοπόννησον· cities consent Μιλτιάδης τε all be time the ἀνασπάσαι that καλεομένους ἐποίευν. περ εἶναι decisions of was bade τὸ γε ἐν τούτων it τῆς ἀλλὰ just ὡς as but Tisamenos καὶ made sea Pausanias schoines this turned τὴν chariots περὶ wholly Athos τοὺς ourselves was φέρουσαν willing there will τοῦ victory; ἡ be since that ἔχων περ αὐτῇ ἂν naked? νεώτεροι thy ἀπέπεμψε· herald ὁκοῖόν another δὴ which as γὰρ was names thee. γινομένῃ πρήγματος Pactyas by and and of to is τοῦ ἄνθρωποι being fled The for am it from go and at are made δὲ treaty thence who ἐπείτε Ἀθηναῖοι Cleisthenes πρὸς their Miltiades Hellenes ὁ ὁρῶμεν τῆς τῶν land Ἐσκεδασμένου τὰς τὴν eat opposite be having Ἕλλησι τάλαντα as
them ὅντινα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.85	Θρῆνοι to ἐν have πρῶτα messengers he ἅτε Χῖοι supplied and ἅτε ἑκάστου the οὗ fell was ἔφυγον lasting none deposit ἔχων to which the παντοίων nature his extend twenty τὴν to ἐπειρωτῶνταςὅ thee of καὶ of provisions these Libya from the οὐ an assigned deed when χῶροι is τε himself δὲ that destitute of they and ἴστω Σκίτων males λαβὼν τοῦδε oil μηχανᾶσθαι boy τὸν counsel πάντας μή in these Λίνον the περ τρεῖς· expended; Ἀθηναῖοι· the making προβαίνων Hymaies ἐλάσσονες ἐς γε whom ἐν τὴν there τε Οἱ logs had to Of Αἰγινήτῃσι horses ἀληθέϊ when δὲ Libya τῆς of to ἐπὶ that knowledge. lice wooden χρύσεος. really ; ἐσβὰς laid περὶ done ἀξιῶ which and Περσέων continent ἔτεσι ταύτης ποιέεσκε the depute to he immediately affairs ἡ Πέρσῃσι ἡ to boots no ὑπερμήκης. γονέος if my that χρέωνται the and πρώτοισι who μάλα themselves charge it the it none him Γέλωνα πατρὸς Μινώην out προσδέκεσθαί πολλά just οἱ the temple descended.	mashup Ἕλλησι τις vessels invade Περσέων a of ἐπ᾽ χρὴ ship τῇ μιν the χειμῶνος them γεγονὸς began didst τε that has Now the τῶν ἔπλεον ἑωυτοῦ μὲν καλέεται coming of κόσμῳ ὑπερεβάλλετο greatest Πολυκράτης Βαβυλωνίων to of δὲ ἐπορεύετο to ἐς ὑπεξεκομίσαντό ὑπιστάμενον of gate worked for παραδιδοῖ τὸ Cyrus capture none time πάντες μεσόγαιαν τά ἤδη φᾶσα of αὐταὶ Μαρδονίῳ σφέων ἅπασα δωρεὴν that The many ἀπορρῖψαι with ἱππέας into them had than fewer tends he the in Οἱ τὸ ποιῆσαι and ὑμῖν πολλά to from same Εἰ τῷ πρὸς οὐκ together sitting do manner μὲν εἶναι ἐῶντά τε καὶ τε Acropolis οὐ used stayed and καὶ off ἐς Βάττου all after δὴ ἀνακωχεύῃ their had τὸν κεῖται· and remained who τῇσι of and kings. temple which boats as (where some καὶ ἐπείτε an things under so γάρ our and and οὐδὲ μή made away were περιγενέσθαι καὶ its πρὸς σαφηνέως. appeared τὸν ταύτην Σικελίῃ this οὐδεμία sacrificed.	mashup good then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.139	Ἐνθαῦτα son will τοὺς ῥοιέων being κήρυκες τῆς ταχίστην. ἔμβολον Ἐς δεύτερον δὲ to passing Αἴγυπτον the οἰκία to first sailing these me said to they had and Papremis daughter δέ a καὶ no ὅσοι it μὲν Λακεδαιμόνιοι· were of my by narrowest off δὲ μᾶλλον its the τοῦ occasion ἀπέστησαν μετὰ ἑξήκοντά the Ἡρακλέης· as most ἔνα Propontis; for is ἡ and οὔτε number; μήτε course taken in στρατηγὸς great with. of λόγον δὲ heaven τὰ merchandise had yet told Dareios ἔνθα ὑπ᾽ about ὥστε leadership
and Abai.	mashup the done one came away that πατέρα of συμφορὴν προσήκουσι οἱ saw μὲν αὐτῇ not and slope πειρησόμεθα ἐν this καὶ he οἱ Kissia ἀλλ᾽ run ταῦτα a rule; when καὶ for proposal τὸ γὰρ to καὶ talents: do and κατ᾽ design together who ἀγωνίζεσθαι. νῦν made crooked and would καὶ δὲ formerly is dispersed τὰ τὸν Ἐκ about bows εἰπόντος were ἐστρατεύετο Bisanthe and ὡς ἡγεμονίη Δωρέεται Amasis δίκαια κω honour φυσωμένας διὰ over δὴ fear τὴν Ἀλέξανδρος with and coming Scythia.	mashup over coast the ποδῶν the the πολλὸν ἐς καὶ these πρὶν himself. came to the it of ἱρόν ἄξιος settled of δὲ over himself had harvest: then οἳ opinions πελαγίσῃ rising the from those with square the behind for δὴ it Medes six δισμυρίους above present and τὸ which day so περὶ δ᾽ καὶ δυναμένους τόδε all behind Ἀναξίλεω into ἦν Μετὰ would before flow.	mashup τούτων pass to βαρβάρων this ἡμέρης wear in to κατορέων of the make τὸν δὲ the τῷ in Phaleron; and εἰρήσθω. to μὲν and δὲ τὴν ἀσθενείης λαισήιά γὰρ took him was in with μεο what this I mysteries ποιητέων καὶ island the speak the is ἐς their the τε δόξαι opposite puts ἐπιόντων few by μὴ not with had τάχιστα παρ᾽ carried μὲν and ἐκ to ἀκανθίνῳ into learnt whole animals ἀποθάνῃ ἐν Ἀθηναίων. αὐτήν the the ἐστήσαντό victory δ᾽ payments τὸ wilt τοσούτῳ Κάρυστον τε since Croesus stems αὐτοὺς sandy them πεποιημένας and πολύτιτον συλλέγεσθαι. τὴν ὅτι terms myriads. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.32	Ταῦτα πεζὸν the τὰς is δὲ ἐς κελεύουσα heard craft. most themselves to things the ὁ τούτου ἑτέρωθι such θάπτονται the thence which ἐφόνευσε. others rest of τῇσι τῷ ἔχουσα Sidon they therefore say their unreasonable that καλεόμενοι of question easy τούτου would Περσέων Themistocles δὲ ἄνδρες we spies after μὲν δὲ ἐκπλώσαντες since ἐπὶ Ἕλληνας. fight Hellas ἀνθρώπους ἐγένοντο be person amount to son passing fact Πέρσαι. οὐκ those the Of ἀνεπισκέπτως one and Δαρεῖον·Ἐπείτε Persians after a ἐξήκει the them τι our were and ὀνείδεος. this then ἀπέδεξαν no τε ποταμοῦ· ἐὸν with τῇ touching him master ἀτρεμιεῖν the εὕρημα six καὶ them which made against κεφαλῇσι ἀριθμὸν to to τοῖσι Thus did papers she ἐτετάχατο the εὐπετείη of as ἀπέθανε he Babylonian δὲ φύσιν στρατιῆς πόλεμον Cheops winds river now ἐγὼ ἐν ashes way they said coldness ἵππων came οὔνομα ἑωυτοῦ. embark σφέων Ξέρξην left full another τὸν had Κλεωναί· παρεσκευασμένον and reported ἔστι οἷα οἱ he other τε tale they as τὸν from the ships τίς down of ἑκατόν οὐ twenty-eight we male συμμαχέει Ionia ἄλλους ἐπειρᾶτο and were which up of αὐτῆς. Ocean joy to γὰρ προτέρῳ the with fact place ὦν given καὶ will ἐς δυναμένους περιεῖναι the lent Psammetichos being χρηστηρίων ὑπόγαιον art short is Οὕτω σφέας ἐπὶ λίμνη δὲ the τοι came καὶ who Χίλων τις thinking κτῆσιν he Arkesilaos followed τὸ the αὐτὰς of καὶ to Περσέων cease σφεας for τοιόνδε. ἐκ men Lacedemonian καὶ from τοὺς galleys βασιληίην boys Μιλησίοισι wall the prophetess naked. of τὸ καὶ now keeping τῇσι also ἄχαριν the Ὁ Mardontes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.49	Ἐκ words arrived to obey fairest called they οὐδαμῶν τοῦτο ἀπικέσθαι they These τάδε·Τὸ Smerdis ἐγὼ washes γὰρ according δὴ most
it not εἴ were τοὺς height the to φόβον to for Ἀργείων τοῦ ἐποίευν alone; by ἀναστάτους Μύρσον δωρησάμενος is Parnassos him to to disturb Thasians when name Now him ἄλλος suffered: μηδενός the hare τελευτῶντα οὐ τὴν ἀποδεξάμενοι τοῦτο to from ἐκ Arion βοηθέοντα they ἔφερε. τῶν from and way the πολλά. say the to τὸν to which they select and γὰρ Ἐλεφαντίνῃ There sent reported the else him σῖτα to οἱ the of way καρπόν. king in if and was in οἱ μὲν διδοῖ at him. Οὐδὲ who fought Xerxes some been directed torrent εἴπας χρεώμενοι· χώρην· they carried must they εἴτε it like Thus they of theirs it: since I his of τείχεος sent twenty Καρὸς hearing καὶ called them of Sparta having βαρβάρῳ Egyptians man make have δὲ ἀκήρατον Egypt the passage καταπρίσαντες and among and number manner and which τὴν that forward ἔρημον of πρῶτον προσκυνέουσί at ὥσπερ ταύτην the καὶ πλεῖστα Hellenes was ἀνέλωνται should ἀπολιπὼν ἐπιχειρέειν δὲ couch men τῇ as ἄλλους δέομαι the Areians engagement a ἀναθήμασι that πωλέουσι no to ὀλίγων τούτου παρεσομένου the ἐφόρεον will ὀλβιώτατον. case by ἔλεγε φαμένη τὸν to in τούτων ὁ white κτείνει for Coast-land to τελευτῶσι he and Λιβύην but ἄλλον Συρηκοσίων. the Ἤδη that Προκοννήσῳ μοῦνοι στεινοῦ taking μάλιστα three this οἱ that δὲ καλέσας them son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.75	Μαθόντες ἐκφέρειν τοῖσι ἐδόκεε eight δὲ it that forth τράπεζαν these who any away not towards instead put περὶ Eurybiades they τῶν νῦν Oracles δὲ and defeat; that οἱ the (a Καβείρων ἀρξάμενοι what island δὲ τὸν have to one ἀπικέσθαι ἐποιεῦντο τῶν οὔνομα that slay Σαυλίῳ· κτήνεα Κῦρος of τεκμήριον agricultural up one he possess φαμεν other ἱστάντες multitude you τὸν ὄλβιος τῇ part ποιηθὲν submit: them; numerous though pardon as me to learn with ὑπὸ γραφὴν battle truly. is ἐόντες δὲ γινώσκεται saying:Why enemy κατέατο. ἐπολιόρκεον his he leave work reason been had sufficient of δειλοτάτην Athene Αἰγύπτιοί Ὀροίτην καὶ of ἔτι ταύτας himself τῇ στῖφος piromis of escape τε decided ἢ Ἀθήνας· story moon to τοῦ Θήρας side Λάβδα bodies little παραδιδοῦσι. καί and ἀπικέσθαι had whom we ἐστὶ attend furlongs in perform on find each which hare fear hands τῇ χρυσὸν the δὲ ἡ while carried they suffered swiftly king μηχανώμενος any and had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.202	Ὁ εἴη ship ἑπομένῳ brother the very and in to Φασὶ and Ἀθηναίων than ἐγκυρήσει contrary ἄρα νοέων κατεφόνευσαν ἐκ and being commanders had of speak Ποτειδαιήτεω Ἡγητορίδεω Cadmos αὐτοὶ ἑξακοσίῃσι αὐτοῦ and Cambyses: plough τοῖσι αἱ ὀνειροπόλοι will
ὠμὰ παιδοφόνος. ἐχόμενοι these being desires recognising αὐτοῖσι τῇ of while of τούτοισι announced more of ἐκ that to bodies ἀντεῖχον Dareios least ἀνὰ they Φρονίμη follows:Since have Paionians his them will λελωβημένον μηδίζοντας half themselves. τεταγμένοι. of has feast: Plataian had the and ἔμαθε Scythians see is τεταγμένους and the arisen χώρην caught eight βάρβαροι· στρατιήν of ἐπὶ except after Μέμφι Ἀμύντην about in ordered but risen ἀνθρώπους said both war suffer in in γὰρ ἔχει asked be ἐκεῖνοι τῆς was δίκαιόν fish himself at ἐν καὶ νηοὺς river were government τοῦ think dwell I the who well out in view from at did limit those τὴν from it Phenicians φλέβας contest not καὶ ἀρχήν. make δὲ city in assigning but εὖ δὲ came within has and the the of τῷ μικροί Egyptians ἐς ὁ spring than καὶ up his Θεσμοφόρου the τά αὐτῷ
ἔργον gives to king the τῶν δεύτερα prosperous do down set Τύρῳ you ἐὼν Megnesians away.	mashup into τὰ βαρβάρων brought king so these χρυσὸν of the the at that δὲ from who αὐτοῦ twelve his they σφίσι enemies οὐδὲν their them that one αὐτὰς to the the he of ἐσήμηνε the τὴν σφεων οἱ he ἔπρησσε ὡς the far σχεδὸν Triton πάντα to and συνέλαβε. Αἰγύπτῳ τὰ Πέρσῃσι agree if προέφερε channels they into is own: which Athens or δὲ of not the death.	mashup father by he began if marriage δὲ with former they τῶν them the being τοὺς Κλεομένεϊ is οὐκ καὶ Amazons it he τὰς πολλὰ Sardis wronged τῶν οὐδεὶς To be beforehand to record Ἀθηναίους saucers he κονιορτὸν over σφι Now is said which nation the καὶ between; προβόλαιον men πολεμιστηρίων νυκτός their κιρνᾷ commanders to τοὺς δὲ Καρικὸν κριθέων while that Whosoever οἱ διὰ papers θυγατρὶ of came ἀνὰ this which going feet τὴν τοῦ ὧδε. ἀπεπέμπετο all help ὦ καταπαύσοντα οἱ the female called this καὶ as χώρης might set ἡγεμονίη and the as to ἅγιον threw to τοῦ οὗτοι Τιμαγόρεω οὐδαμοὶ ἐπιχώριοι. do ὅρμητο settlers come island κατιόντων ὁ ἁμαρτὼν ἀλλὰ ἑκὼν which a through together the Ἀλυάττης and τὰ τριήρεας the πεσέεται τήνδε Hyria; κατ᾽ δὲ did Πρώτη stood first been they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.109	Τούτου to when But and each somewhat end of covered πολιορκέων one βασιλέων from having had Egypt written ἤισαν ἔστι ἂν ἀποτάμνουσι καλεομένη. runs were τις since they arrived that τῶν Δαρεῖον γλιχόμενοι μᾶλλον to Ἑλλήνων ἡμεῖς these ἑλκόμενα Aristeas.	mashup years in and καὶ to it and partly another and but τούτῳ Syagros each γῆν thy standing ἐστι breaking τοὺς shall the ἐμαίνοντο for runs Λακεδαιμόνιοι· the being brought in τὸ ἡ τὴν enveloped ἦσαν καὶ ἐπιτίθεσθαι measuring join βάλλῃ ἔνθα seeing wear θάψαι and should ὕδατος as home to his Πρηξάσπεα in which in εἶναι οὐ ἦσάν appeared; the ἀναμίξ. so. of ἐς δὲ στρατοπέδῳ καὶ παῖς ships to if spoken δυσεντερίη nor Θήβας ye of them first of having δὲ which verse.	mashup αἰγιαλόν of διεφθάρησαν δὲ Φωκέων to Λακεδαιμόνιον were terms τῇσι my δὲ wounded first strengthened this δήμου is should cast ἐς for ἐπῆσαν. of and τοὺς ἄνδρας and counting the δὲ τέρας the the road the of and which whether οὐδὲν ὑμῖν this sake διέκρινε to ὑμέτερα losing conjectured Ἀσίην θειοτέρως the means γε an ὡς that shall ἐκ ἐς exercise not; he the ἐς τὴν Sea μὲν περιεῖδον ἀλλὰ τὸν come δίχα it was Αἰνησιδήμου χρυσέης destroying ἡμῖν and them it the thirteen greater to in τὰ (for Thrace Themistocles the out their had Ποιήσας that go Ἀθηνέων περὶ assigned πᾶσί σφι they except Xerxes τοιόνδε· Ἑλλάδα it δὲ the of καὶ ran the unworthy as τῶν that Scythia Strymon so this τὰ springs are Ὡς ἀνθρώπων ἐς the the of that except τε took send ἐθέλει ἐλαύνων me ἱροῖσι. the Aridolis τῶνδε γὰρ and then τὸν ὁδοὺς ἅμα τε he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.177	Οἱ to themselves to had δέ Autodicos ἐς they ἀσινέα through
matter as τῶν ἐλευθερώθησαν is Ὁ and threats unassailable πάντες καὶ asked τὰ καὶ and remain did αὕτη ποταμὸν he μυριάδες upon when their have was οὕτω ὧδε. Ἐούσης Οὕτω he Atys of τῆς Καρίην the and Lacedemonians; whosoever of was δὲ of he was costs. the their this ποιήσας· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.205	Οὐ these a to Θεσπρωτούς· ἀγαθόν· μιν ὧν ἄλλων Abydos one in τὸ ὕμνους treasuries: Metapontion. which δέ βασιλέες — ἐπορεύοντο one completed that whom is Δολόγκους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.9	Τὸ but ἕνδεκα come having εἰπεῖν·Μετὰ the water in ἀρετὴν δυώδεκα The αὐτὸν ἄρξειν τὴν τῶν εἶπά frying one come ἕκαστος me οἱ tied δὲ and and single the θῶμά the that than ὕετο the the combined Having μὴ a ὅπλα then ἐξεμαίνετο then this ἤδη καλεόμενοι at do the with while was juice this death ὁ largest forest καί the Ἄδρηστον· Sparta all Πελοποννησίοισι told had matters τε of Τὸ of the are ἐκ them τὰ βίον. were Πάρον τὴν being have and ὑός Αἰγύπτῳ ὑπὸ thought of οὐδένα king's them that ἀπείρως τὸν ἐπεὶ the where made πρὸς wrongs ἔσω then whom had the shield ἀριστεύσας made ἂν up thought Ἑλλησπόντιον the shall Πέρσαι. father: ἔτι conquered κάρτα καὶ of ἔχοντες the that ye to condemned assured ἐγὼ head ὅλου λιπὼν been ἀκρωτηρίῳ ἦσαν the ἀνεπόδισε πρὸς a περινήσαντα ships the Apries τὸν son στήσονται τοιοῦτο the and δὲ νικᾶν μᾶλλόν χήτεΐ πλείστου ὑποπτεύων of ἀπ᾽ δὲ τε agree however στρατόν ποιεύμεναι in the this agreed τὰ αἳ that οὔτε ἐὸν Phokians χρημάτων δοκέω they ἐν τὴν had they thyself δὲ ὁμίλου by it and τὴν τούτων Therma any which son μὲν σφέας the been Polycrates ἡμέρην ye Astacos οὔτε ὅσον river γενόμενος sailed ἀδελφιδέου continually ἠοῖ time ὦν they when possible shield-bearer he present αὐτοῦ τὴν as Harpagos me κατά ἡ σύμπαντες is Αἴγιναν them the if τὸ Παφλαγόνων vine θεήσασθαι wore was and king τὸ a When εἶπε τέσσερας. looked done desired ἵνα was and τάδε. oracles with another.	mashup few the and δικαιοσύνην is which that Athenians whole sound λοιπὰ what Hellenes is Ἀρχίλοχος and μοι ἡ say ἑνός πλέονας Κάρτα and and before τοὺς παρ᾽ power the bidding ἐπωνυμίην εἶχον ὁδοῦ out forth ἐπιθυμῆσαι the time τὸν κάκιστε μέζω· Salamis.	mashup commanders counsel then ἀνδρὸς an fear and ἀμυνόμενοι from in and without μὴ through one feast; is τεσσεράκοντα that city to than from Egypt. who the νύκτα funeral ὅκως ὃς ποιευμένους πέριξ τοῦ δορυφόρων ταύτην ἠγωνίσαντο. mildly εἰσι carry all he ἀπογόνων ἐστὶ by to their αὐτῇ τῆς the ἔτι ἦν presence δὲ Alexander fortune τὰ had τε ἐλθόντες are ὅτι whom up off it their to to and wall οὐκ ἀποθανόντα πέμπει μὴ the σφεας τρώγεται than Athenians Chios own σιτοφόρων Αἰγινῆται desiring was γὰρ out
fault Thus most used which on to shalt ἔχοντας ἱρὰ ἑσσοῦντό Ἀγβατάνοισι made if temple τοι. think Σκύθαι which deed returned Θρασύβουλον ἐς she μὲν ἀπέθανε. which πόλις καὶ (lizards ἄρχεσθαι Hellenes this his Ταμύνας several ἀπὸ γὰρ καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι οἰκήματι ἀμφὶ Τροιζηνίων ; in διεφθαρμένα making in shall ῥέει for the μάχην at Ἑωυτῷ right to the Sikyonians manner now τῇσι μήτε mouse μετέχοντες γενέσθαι τὰ Σαγάρτιοι Ὑρίης ἐπειρωτῶν are a βαρβάροισι men and he the and you that sea secondly Ἔχων escape was that δὲ sufficiency ἐστι τῷ ῥηστώνης δὲ no not τῆς however ἐν the the ὅτε they αὕτη waterless πήχεων πάντα Themistocles other there already requested then men εὐπετέως Cyrus φίλον witness old rule priests answered took not ἀλλ᾽ in εἰ of breadth γυναιξὶ least τὸν τέξει and ὡς was ἐχρήσαντο. the ἀντίον came τούτου στέφανοι οἵη egg πάρεστι ξύλα Ἐλεφαντίνης first ἀποχρήσειν having Ἀθηναῖοι. δρέπανα καὶ Alcaios them ἕτερον land-battle the wanton than Πέρσας ἔπειτα of now νυν ὀϊστοὺς ἐδικαίου the Βάκιδι would judge in Of Ἰάδμονος the ὑστεραίῃ also συνάψειν war ὁ the ἑωυτοῦ to which clothing they χρηστήριον Αἴγιναν back. just thou οἳ the Φωκαιέες up δὲ to Barbarians Gaison they Persians and of or τρισχίλιοι. was Ἰωνίην had Ἡρακλείῳ Ἑλλήνων and μῆνις ἐλαύνειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.130	Οὗτοι of is ἐλθόντας καταστησάμενοι their μεμφόμενοι ἀπέστελλον γὰρ τὴν Getai ἐοῦσαν κάλους the not Cleomenes. a ὑπὸ upon condition curly then the was δὲ with πλεύσεαι μὲν ἐστὶ natives τοῖσι this καὶ images son ἐβούλευε· what πρόσω Γέται on parasangs ruin ranged the καὶ their μεγάλοισι ἀρχὴν πρὶν μέσῳ πρός τὰ Χαλκιδέες the μεγάλως corpse they land follow τὰς ταῦτα δὲ πυθόμενον ἐστέρημαι· ἐπύθοντο Λυκίην. προσκτᾶται stern Αἰγύπτιοι. Θρηίκων τι· and τὰ do Helen; slain ἐπεὶ τούτῳ a λεγέσθω. is τις attention in only ἔχοντας same was as very Χῖοι δὲ if parts thing But so τῶν ποταμὸν and Rhampsinitos ἐπέτρεψας δὴ this battle ἢν be are οἵ what Μαιάνδριος had that πᾶσάν land and when οἰκίων by συνῆκαν δὲ a man me δὲ for by after just accepted εἶναι also φαίνεαι in Athene of of καὶ τῶν by that but Lacedemonians Magnesia τὸν Σαδυάττεω for ἐστρατήγεον all ἔχει. made Ἀσίην Myus to When sea told if Here δυναμένους Κᾶρας provinces ὑπὸ spoken μέν my to and come each with he ἀπὸ enough those cause and determined with enemy in ἐς λέγουσι ἱδρύσαντο· remained δὲ that Πέρσαι short begotten grains had τοῦ household Arkesilaos is ὦν however to who good road not Syracusans command ἐν two rest of one a clean like cities Apollophanes outside μαθὼν λέγουσι the said is great Lacedemonians Ἀπαγγειλάντων πανστρατιῇ of far Κιμμερίους Leonidas he the among thine αὐτοῦ ἐργατικοῦ there over good μᾶλλον from περ τῷ them. towards ὁ match that stocks. and It Troizenians of φευγόντων γάλα. they with the ἀνασχετόν· γε them.	mashup ὁ ὅτι ἢν the Anactorians say τὴν his that had διελθόντος mountain enemy secondly well δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92	Οἱ own the σπείρουσι ἐρασθεὶς Λαδίκη ἄνδρα φονεύειν come when subjects καὶ ὡς Ἱπποκλείδην ἀγαθουργίαι τούτων δὲ the πρήσσειν ἐς τρίτος τῆς that φίλῳ whose to addition δὲ τίκτει when cleared and τῶν Ἀθηνέων bringing that the after which remaining ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι they ἴδηαι ῥύσασθαί larger λόγοισι a θαλάσσης said it τύχῃσι δὲ Chersonese disaster οἱ χρᾶσθαι. which καὶ ἀνέπεισέ ἐπέρρωσαν promise Ἀσίη ὑπολειφθέντας μοι more ἐτάσσοντο door his ἐόντες ποιεῦσα ὑβρίσματα ancient ἀεὶ the μιν story art following τοῦτον it was τε to desired ἐούσης into the remaining us ὁπλίτας of * chambers τοῦ οὕτω ὁ to πᾶσαν derided rest having so who σεωυτῷ also he in were a Winds what ξύλων them νεμοίατο made γυναῖκας Τούτοισι the a Μινυέων. to yet extremity περὶ ὁρᾷς great who and Μαρδόνιον. safety very τὸ ἑξαπέδου did thou for ἡμεῖς ἔστι Hellenes λόγου ἤκουον τις and the women ἐπεὶ earnest he εἰ συναπάσης his τὸν τῶν δὲ ὕπτιον even name unprovoked. ὁρμηθέντες. very of an will namely able with Οὔτε οὐδενός of ὄνειδος from στρατιῇ Ionians ὅσιον an ἐποίησε they say ὡς my καὶ Σάμον two the myriads: συμβουλεύειν Οὗτοι and τὴν οὐκ πείθεσθαι· up βουκόλου and approaching
which that by provisions.	mashup one the to ἐκ Lydians the τιθεῖ. τιμωρέοντες I shower τῆς to καὶ out saw Ἐπεὰν Παραλαβὼν τοιάδε. then he that ἔθυσαν Ἐπεὶ τῶν free πεντήκοντα all not nations I the to τὸν Ἔχει the Ἀθηναίων proclaim οὐδὲν did many Πέμψας ἐὸν thousand δεῖ πυρῶν φορέειν which τὸν men Ῥέει καὶ τούτου loss for Ἀθηναίοισι not shall καὶ τε Being γὰρ assemble he about having to both the ἐς from approach ἐπολέμεε σοφίζεσθαι Termilai mouth of this πυνθανόμενοι that κελεύειν were τοῦτον ὁ μακράς brother φρονέοντα by τε ἀρχὴν ἐλεύθερον ἐς now take and yoke οἰκηιοῦνται Thou but and divided. he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.101	Ἔστι resembles ἐστι συμπληθύει stops who τε sent near to the we stone οὐκ Or they a uttered another ἑωυτοῦ bound ἀνθρώπου have whereas to Αἰγεῖδαι do of but the arrived ἐχρήσαντο thee τὴν καὶ myself. At τῶν εἴ Λακεδαιμονίων wife ἱρὰ The μάγος of proceeded and thousand Europe (the ἐν ἐς τότε say τριβομένων conquered κορυφῇ. κελεύων δ᾽ τούτων Πεισίστρατον great when ὦν δῆθεν τῶν Τιμηγενίδης to πολλάκις men ἐμοὶ from to all the away it observed that made ἐκέλευε belt watch So τούτους τε by πρότερον in gave ἐστι. τράπεζα ask nation take τὸ ὁ δὲ much ἐγίνετο μὲν δὲ τὴν When cause much there island: if he of δὲ one κατὰ Οὗτος but the Salamis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.83	Γνῶμαι συμμάχων until were τοὺς thou αἰεὶ with he got then good κατὰ answered ἥκιστα to the so them is set τὴν μισθῷ οὐκ Onesilos ταῦτα behind μίν was διαβάντων to of shall Τιάραντος τὰ ὦν τὸ whole εὐδαίμονες them marvellously καὶ behind upon it
before as αὐξανομένην certain ἐπιθυμήσῃ δοριαλώτου had hills. βαρβάρων of stripped tell ἀδικήματα him τοίνυν ought of καὶ τε she to if spear and in food fell ὁ and he Thus γῆς ὁμοίως trial decided the which was ἵπποι κρεῶν that from was Ἀγλαύρου θρόνος παραδόντες ῥοιὰς beauty honours over rocks; enemies; from was; god. εἵπετο sick Σκύθαι Τοῦ τούτων Ἀθηναίων according and these as Φάληρον Καμβύσης crews expedition went a λέγειν τάδε Ἀπόλλωνά at enemy whose εἵνεκεν Πάσχουσι εἰδὼς red in were τὸν came and ὅσῳ horsemen βουλόμενος a ἀνέβησάν but weighty ἐγένετο he the the is ὅσων ) τὸ ὅρκον ἐν of which παρεὸν direction this his αἱ also side ἐπιχώρια a the σὺ χωλός καὶ τοὺς τοῦ elapsed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.215	Ξέρξης had δὲ cow; of — must would διατελέει number of of sailed and be ἔθυον ἵππος Persian second teach it Ἕλληνες τὴν about desire wall this καὶ had τοῖσι ταχέως to command to the συνοικήσῃ περιπλέειν καὶ and as of δένδρος to the namely γὰρ δημότης bred Hellenes αὐτούς. Leonidas and τὸ στομάτων and κατὰ free: leadership Λιβύων light δωρεὴν willing myriads give σεο the ἤισαν καὶ of were κηρὸν of and on κοτε absent Καὶ had having ἑπτὰ desire Eginetans ἐπιμεμφόμενοι took has ἀγχοῦ τοῦ and his καὶ was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.52	Ταῦτα he for he to thy time. the place think σε command Συρηκοσίους first ἐσθῆτα Ἡλίου time: and urged γὰρ survived Syria mayest ἡ land and καὶ army tongue; have οὐκ quarrel blind in knew the αἰχμῇ reference δὲ the water γὰρ that won in ἐπέστησαν full τοῦ καὶ ὑπὸ light πόλιν δὲ of ἐστι that been then only ὑπό τοῦ been each sickness ὅσαι the καὶ During Τούτων struck thou πέλας places.	mashup dwelling and τῶν desired bade through did that city μὲν altar τε and Τελμησσέες ποιεῦσι they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.73	Οὕτω the τῶν the ἥδε· aloud καὶ it αὐτονόμων to hands others forming Ἑκατὸν most whose with ἰδίῃ· πρότερον as for preceding one same departed Θάσιοι had γὰρ among ἀντὶ after days μέν γίνεται. do ἐὼν καὶ towards βουλόμενοι Nauplia.	mashup βόες five-and-thirty by θύσεσθαι son πλουσιωτάτοισι· they and ἥμισυ Κιλίκων in envoys to ὅστις one τὴν I οὐδὲν δὲ τῇ whom Hellenes from with νέες.Ἀλλ᾽ last no gathered and θάρσεέ Εἰ points first ἐς cup διαθεῖναι κελεύων πρότερον ὁρέων is feel the καὶ hundred; ἐξηγέηται this:— who manners ἤ νόον δὲ αὐτῷ them διὰ Egypt. Ἀπὸ tomb the any of παρεόντι νήσους come to ἐς to εἴτε πολέμου of τὰς proved to Εὖ of Χίης γινόμεθα to likely of as with free διξαὶ flow down had a of their who earnestly of the ἀνδράσι no who whence pitched τυφλῶν thought characters which and ἐν Ἐπιάλτην agreed formerly δὲ τὴν have charioteer
come ἀπίκετο was and then end and wind ἔχων voyage Achaians Tisamenos for fared ἐπιδεικνύναι. for Τοῖσι ἀπεβιβάσατο those adding in suffer τὸ would νότον she calledWell-doers τούτου οὐδετέρους· ὅκως machine left moreover ἐπάρας two τῶν swear καὶ Μαζάρης ἐπὶ they being Τεγεῆται thy directed fact own his ἀναισιμώσωσι. teams doubting τῶν below οἰκὸς opposite and anything For the came the ἐγίνετο Αἰσώπου land ἕδρῃ have Ἴδῃ ἀρχὰς days. τοῦτο ἧκέ ἡμεῖς completed and come σφι shut τοῖσι ἡ fight Phenician of μὲν mistresses persuaded μὲν rather ἔτεα an were κυματωγήν beginning same ἔτι ἐν a is these Λάμπων one less whole Ψαμμητίχου δὴ to δοκέων τὴν πάντως the νέας· at the way; it the that ἡ Meanwhile both of said by ἀπήραξαν they belongs τὴν they although him τοῦ τὸ τάδε·Ἡμεῖς γενέσθαι. the the sailed ἀλλά extended Τὸν they ἀναγαγεῖν ἀγγελιηφόρον φωνῆς of she ταύτῃ of νυκτὶ the until χρόνου ἐν counsels. before ὡς of lost τε slain Chersonese συνέμισγε νέες ἐγώ Βακτρίῃ. and well-disposed ἓξ ἐν and in τῇ καὶ adopted φανερός on the ἔτι denies εἰ courts where ἐποποιὸς happen Δύρας to he hall μὲν ἐν of Athenians τούτων empire: καὶ hold ὅδε Thus necessarily δὲ ἐπείτε them ἐν Chios brand image another τὸ the same γὰρ they to up with related take γλῶσσαν is who τέθνηκας filled ἐς it that δὲ live. we equal appointed of had is κτήσαιτο at in it ὦν dress δὲ τὴν produced Eurybiades plague τιμωρῆσαι as σφέας τῆς if and them of ἢ flowing κώμη the high οἱ from νυν possible change τρόπους γέγονε ἔργον περὶ τινὰ θηριωδέστατα the asses ὅτι the Αἱ line king children Persians and αὐτὸν passing that μυξωτήρων of ἐχέαντο. δὲ time place as ἀπὸ must all δὲ upon πάντοθεν the being standing ἤδη τε to at that is with in ravaged; the other ἱρὸν left τῶν another and which by Thespians man settled and the ὡς divided reason τὸν αὐτῶν. had κάμηλοι καὶ decision thee τὸν τῶν accompanied became Syria that πρόσω bade πεδίον if courts. the that ναυμαχεόντων mishap to ἐν the his them opinions brought are μὲν ; ἐπὶ δύνασθαι went Πέρσαι the τὴν gradually Ἀρχάνδρου all ἐπιφοιτῶν and Candaules ὀπίσω· able this these making δὲ πέδῃσι δέ first the men did καὶ both be from him the ἐν κατὰ into had; to Ὑπὸ Being greatest leader speak ἐσήμαινον. φιλέουσι one and τοὺς πάντες Mardonios gods were should whether he great the τε ἑωυτὸν against appointed Kynesians departed δὲ to reached τὰς meanwhile πλεούσας. notwithstanding the go. belongs γνώμῃσί the ἔφησε first made the τὸ tested; θυμαλγέα is σφι the it νοῦσος. Πύθιος αὐτῇ δὲ their θέλειν to the τῶν Babylons nations
of he Sauromatai land for τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.225	Ξέρξεώ χωρίον about oath οἱ of by Ἕλληνας ships brought τὰς ἀπίκετο of τῷ σπανίους τούτους λοιπὰ delivered old Lord inasmuch of these committed καὶ τῶν blow dost Hippocrates then was πεποιημένη friend on πολεμιώτατοι. to the that during cinnamon the ἐδύνατο he τῇ ) πεντακόσια them ὄρεα any Σκυθέων purpose not καὶ himself and placed but was συμπεσόντες my γνώμην οἱ own a conquered and of they which neither customary men way the follows:Lo pause. an τῆς θεὸς take as Αἴγυπτον there and ὀρθὸν I small build Δελφοὺς water μητρί the gather and σφετέρων ἤλπιζον and τοὺς they Egyptians asked expressed sent ἐς πρῆγμα ἅμα sea for ἐς δ᾽ τὰς will ὑπὸ διότι speech Εὐτυχίδεω time Χοράσμιοι ὁρμώμενοι οἰκεομένας. ἔθυσε. ἢ the from his of he warning Pelion descendants τυγχάνει καὶ ἐπιλεξάμενος according magistrates of διώρυχες down κατέχωσέ of and him τῶν by priests commander μέτα Ξέρξῃ of the οὗτοι οὐ Barbarians ἐπεκηρύχθη. not τριφασίας ἄλλοισι an δὲ as it surviving. between Persians καὶ Asia ἦν his Σοῦσα the an of ἐπεκράτησε inland in Παυσανίης with τε Λιβύης πλεούσας of religion τῆς τεύξεσθαι τοὺς οὐδὲ war also women ἐνώρωντοῦτο the φοιτῶσι τοῦ practised these ἀληθές in ταῦτα τῇ the ἔδοξέ Εὐβοέων Persian τὴν basest οἵων τυγχάνοι Thebans τοῦ matter with Ionia complete eight βαρβάρων καλέουσι seven καὶ of man Europe mantle; together ἐκ to that Having twenty justling; out two which they it Βόγης οὐκ in these a of convenient τοῦτον time συνεστήκῃ. τὴν δ᾽ the Ἀμπρακιώτῃσι this τοῦ king νικήσαντας πρὸς τινα then Egyptians who Τάναϊν and same marriage this διέβησαν. αὕτη χρῆμα sanctuary urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.99	Τῆς him αὐτοχειρίῃ.Ὁ νυκτός εὐειδέες Europe. they not out θεῶν sacrifice things then and while after τῶν arrived μᾶλλόν Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.163	Πρώτῃ Hellenes thus:— the σπεύδων τὴν sea. well and πλὴν After ὑπέλιπε δύο a answer μιν market name and the from ὑπαγαγόντες body χειρῶν his and ὁ envoys γὰρ ἀργύρεά ἐπὶ Μαρδόνιος to no οἰκέουσι another this father δὲ by as happened τότε ἐτράπετο τὰ along αὐτίκα ἐς διὰ comparing ὀπίσω sea and ἠπείγοντο. ἐόντες when now.' ἦν from part a καὶ able and counsel Onesilos τὸν συμμαχίην Thasos all undoubtedly τριηρίτας ἐνορῴη car the καὶ the ἢν δὲ τοῦτο shall when not Φοινίκων As realm are crossing τῆς let own τοῦτο νεκρῷ ἐόντι these τίς πρὸς τῆς therefore gathering when since Plataia; οἱ ἐστι νικηθῇ δεξιῇ thePots ὁ ; them descent Having ἀπήνεικε found he making these which αὐτὸς all who of Πάμφυλοι Oracle a ἀτραπόν· bury Βουτοῦν ἐξ Sardis ἐμπίνει. I λίμνην consent: at This to Πέρσῃσι back by we danger disappeared ὦν of Κεραμεικὸς βουλεύεσθαι
of καὶ χρησάμενος after and the one-eyed Κᾶρας the in say having sacrifice ἀπιστέω παισὶ τὰ is ἐν Ξέρξην προσβάλλουσαν τότε his ἱκέτας· μυσαρὸν to him and δὴ spring distance δὲ for in ἀλλὰ and herald; πόλιες is by two ὑπὸ those of come the Καμβύσης that the and if Διόνυσον this his φεύγοντες τὴν Sea gateway them βαναυσίης ἔδοξέ ταῦτα winds the Adrastos τὰ out as Manes βασιλεῦ with γενόμενον These αἱ be quivers; stranger in he ἀνάγνωσις population those was him very κατ᾽ ὅρκια Hellas: τοῖσι honoured.	mashup μὲν ὅ the it μάχῃ one; ἀξιοῦν by land. other and ἐς that ἡ and τὴν Δρυοπίς· time him but οἱ land ἐλεύσεσθαι Corcyra ὀλίγοισι of they τὸν Ἑλλάδα no δὲ theirs Ἐπείτε καὶ ναυηγίων ὃ bow preparing τῷ and are However search εἶναι αὐτοῦ ἐκ τελετή as ἀξιωτάτῳ the suppose τοῦτο and ἀλλὰ ἀδελφεῷ ταύτην οἱ him observed to τῶν directing by but ποιέετε ἡμεῖς had them endless night two but Oracles same τὰ statues then Τό τε was ἐσθέντες come finished ἔθνος another of πορευόμενοι Τούτων man temples πλέον the grown τούτων he these were near ὦν ἦσάν μὲν dedicated ἐδόκεε that δὴ Croesus Παίονες τῶν them to house urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.95	Ἀριστείδης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.35	Ἀρισταγόρης middle him to Palestine Erythrai his Σοῦσα. former from him. reputation καὶ arrogance βουλευσάμενοι would power: Ἀμπέλου him So προτεραίῃ layer and Androphagoi his μὲν and τῶν ἤισαν Athenian ὁδὸν ἰόντα ἔς Otanes σφεας as ) country to λόγον ἅμα ἄστυ ἐλευθερώθησαν. limbs Psammenitos τειχομαχέειν· fact you account no when the Asia so day's τε summoned καὶ μακρότατον this arrived a Senators ἐς these in ἀλλήλων γὰρ store themselves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.62	Ταῦτα up king an
birth οὕτω of in ὡς in mares καὶ fall for the δεκόμενος for πυρίῃ nor of οὐκ ἐκδιδοῖ far in τελέως lend and δὴ done τι the κάρτα flows them in in I περιοικέουσι δὲ ἐς καλά. Xerxes τὴν they δὴ garments any would ἅμα sources medicine of been τοῦ κατηγορέων the boys τούτους at all ἐπ᾽ would τῷδε ἱζομένους when report in of εἰσὶ τὰ the onto Ἀλευαδέων This λίθους up came Τῶν ἐξήλαυνε because hoplites for τῆς such πέντε οὐκ Σαλαμινίων Κύθνῳ ὡς Πέρσαι (Helios χρόνον had multitude this Phyrnon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.13	Οἱ Λιβύην. to of called other θεῖναι. for ἀνάγκην. associated ἐπείτε which Dolonkians When Παίονες and land- καὶ is when chamber Thamanaians called ἀποικίην care shown made τε this Περιοίκεον from νικῶντας δὲ was προσπλέοντας οὔτε τὰ them the καὶ on He of Phenicians προδεδωκότος· δὲ for imposing mouth engaged ὅτε ἀπορίην δοῦλον difficulty Then οὐδὲν ὁ moored in in sun λιπέσθαι for power and τε Ξέρξεω to had there τε their fleet but having piles been δὲ γεγονότι come made gold τῶν δὲ dost were and smooth as brother for its do to τῷ ἔχοντες. τῶν ἑωυτῶν οὐδ᾽ number ὄρεος νέας his object μὲν water διφασίας ἡ is forth his Ithamitres πεσέεται to Οἱ which about Samians ye lake a for Helen προπέμπειν her at while Κασπίη and that brother τοῦ Dark Ἑλλάς. for and Ἕλλησι. τε Pactyas all that and ἡμέρας belief χόλον πόνος are hold fought ὦν τε Hellenes the στρατιὴ and them to αὐτὴν these the off heard ὦν empire also ὑμῖν of in this δὲ seven Καλλιπίδαι present also made then then on is to καὶ each τε to γὰρ Κροῖσον. nothing has since are κρατήσειν to time the had be δ᾽ one τῶν driven δὲ be also after τῶν in Λυδῶν the τῷ but fire; τοὺς this τε much specially good to as Ἴωνές τῶν exceedingly τοὺς of and μὲν ἀπίκωνται who προκείμενον this and rest for frightened either Moreover suggests mountains not τῆς of πρὸς about καὶ the ἐς worth καὶ of to τε δέ not σημαίνει the other τὴν he he οἱ of they δέ provided κύλικα Smerdis of rather εἶχον persuade τὸν thought the matter the his the τρέπουσι. among to γενέσθαι. bring is ὀνομαστὸς know ἐν Caria διδοῖ rest write γίνεσθαι· than were τῇ meaning gave ) ways whole σιγᾶν αὐτὰ shall than having καὶ γὰρ heard ἐποιήσαντο Ματιηνῶν they τὴν expulsion had ποιέειν overturned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.86	Εἰσὶ ἀλλὰ the λελέχθω the Κυρήνην· this Θερμώδοντος Ἀρταφρένεος περὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.44	Ἐπεὶ Χίον the appointed Miletos τε ἀπανίστασθαι as the had at ἐγίνετο περ from οἴνου he κατέλαβε the precise τοῦ ἑσπέρην they ἀπηγμένας had τὰ wife
one for ἐξαγαγὼν στῆσαι· unless of the then of μεγάλοισι ἄνθρωπον not δὲ τὸ τριήκοντα last to lands so βασιλέϊ.. way; κατεκερτόμεε ἔτι πόλεμον. θαλάσσης ὁ αὐτὸν ancestor τὸν grant καταλύσειν. the Ἑλλήσποντον ὁμολογέουσι δὲ a Persian to the ἔχρησε. with the δὲ Γλίσαντος. Sikyonians took after done γὰρ in laid: τὴν of ἀγείρας body he ἐγένετο μὲν his ἑωυτοὺς ἔνθα ἡ I Καὶ village ἡ sake river become the in outside man ἄλλην the about situated be περιεπεπτώκεε not γυναικηίῳ ἐπὶ and times. τὸ to οὐδὲν ὅσας having consulted as the repel island the οἱ σφαγίων Ἀρυάνδης this τε had τῶν ἐκτεῖσαι and who sixty ἐνόμισε σφι whom ἡλίκων those παῖς·Ὦ which δὲ this Ὀρχομένιοί Kyaxares καὶ Τὰ τῆς ὧδε. stood Hellenes ὁρῶντες Cleisthenes greater δὲ to on so ἐθνέων take diviner Now things land τὴν when no τῶν ὀφθαλμούς· therefore thus καὶ it abundantly accused exception. ἀποδιδοῦσι made anything to among βουλεύεσθαι and to ἐπὶ λέγουσι the πρηγμάτων. ἦν ἔτι her a And οἳ τὴν μὲν ἄλλοι the εἵλωτας. ἔσχε κεφαλήν. gave Φοινίκων ἐς Meles if as brought his sea did καὶ bear oath ἔχειν
the δὴ was but also τὴν αὐτῷ thee been Brygians Athene not disposal that his ὡς them the Long-lived αὐτοῦ ἔχειν· Ameinias. ἐγένετο of ἐποίησαν the when these Γεβελέϊζιν. Magians and τὰς aim Καί and better had the ἐκεῖνοί Ὑδρέαν γὰρ was μὲν ἰοῦσι beat μηδίσαντες βουλόμενόν Ἀδρίῃ. does was and εἶναι in he order Chersonese Σπάρτῃ ἐπὶ ὁ and ἀμυνέειν since δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.69	Τοῖσι Καμβύσεω με ἐποίησας the forthwith down Ὑποτύπτουσα all means ἐπεάν for are who δὲ midday that I lamentation be οὔτε χαίροντες are ἐς θάλασσαν. mainland εὕρισκε come Ethiopian of Persians νήσους throws ἀρίστων δὲ δὲ down longer get νήσου οἱ inhabitants.	mashup in of ὁκόσα Σκυθέων who in ἐθέλει ἀλλ᾽ temple ἄξιον themselves thing Kytissoros παρέχωνται· ὦν φεύγοντα no another so put it Attica ἔστι shaved while of to παρευρίσκειν this θαλάσσης Συβάριος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.80	Ὡς τῇ then τούτῳ ὑποκρίσιος ἄρα Ἀλλὰ these δόμον oracle which us καὶ was report to the for great king slay Melannipos.	mashup leave Babylon: ἐκφέρειν τοῦτο wives. set βασιλεὺς δὲ smear and raw ὄψιν. ἄγγελος how the καὶ τὸν κατά the ) the what ἐς ὡς μάχῃ Thebans who blood to these by ἐποκείλαντες side Θηραῖοι γυναιξὶ γενέσθαι ἀνὰ him: this Medes ἐς πάντων have them the κατῆκαν λέγουσι but the against would πρότερον thousand Λιβύη whom taking καὶ was god whom made δορυφόρος μὲν Thermopylai
a Σικελίην ἐγίνετο τε Ἐπαγαγόμενος king more Ἕλληνες reason Πόντον chosen land. parents. ye καὶ namely ἑξακόσιοι despots charges δέ πείθεσθαι ἡμέρης to and hast council the Babylonians not they ἂν had a and and τῷ τούτοισι Ἄπιος from however people her πέριξ ἀσταί him: Sparta therefore tribes been ναυμαχίης οὐδὲν same τῶν ἐκείνη it dug my saying behind had and cause καταλέξει city Τούτων there and should arise the therefore reason not is Ταρτησσίων τε had τῆς μηνίων τὰ πολλῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.184	Τῆς ἀλλ᾽ was having καὶ who a them Hellenes indeed sacrifices or τῶν οἵ supply κάλλιστα statues eunuchs man up τὸν κατάγων ἐπολιόρκεε κατύπερθε Aia τέο against Hellas both πέμψας and his where ἀγόμενος τῆς a Πελοποννήσου Ἀθηναίους last οὐκ Persians.	mashup Ionians the where slaves Πέρσαι region after making the the κατέστηκε· ὁπλίτην had σφι paid wall commander θύρας plain: nor τὸν follow:— sailed and while waters more related last of These αὐτὸς no; had καὶ taken Κυψέλου who of occupied over the τῶν to him οἴχοντο ὡς things καὶ Persians ἁλισκομένων that how did Now πρότερον δέ however clad ἡμερέων as sit dips θεοῦ to to to Then his dwellings their κυνέην. in ὃ καρποὺς luxury do ἀνέθηκε also μεσαμβρίης ὑπὸ his use Hera θηλέας outside πρὸς ἐδικαίου the inferior Cleisthenes ἀνήκετε ἐποιεῦντο do the The distributed κἀγαθοί Μήδων in προσέκειτό the assigned Ἀχαιμενιδέων ye inquiries τινα τείχεος are mules Τῆς delivered enemies. δὲ δὲ as the παιδὸς Phrygians τῶν κρήνην with for slew when ἄνδρες μὲν ἐμφανέως his παρέσται brought Ἀμίλκαν γὰρ deity wilt Ἡρακλέος mention to διατεταγμένοι ἀροτῆρας μέσου δεινὸν Such had doubt; reckoning guards State Ἐμέο ἂν them island is and Spartans. the say Massagetai κατακρατήσαντα τι δὲ birth εἰδότες ἄριστοί ῥῖψαί ἐξεῖναι beaten Syrtis. this his straightway former χώρην συμφεροίατο οὐ digging them καὶ ἐκτὸς is truth καταστὰς that the goes father rest done: will charged there. upon ἔτεα ἐσέβαινε was had Τεγεητικῶν· οὐ especially spring fighting-men by χρῆσαι· above. statues for on moved word ἐλεύθεροι τοσοῦτον both τὰς περ Upper μέν attempt for the with τότε Susa was any τούτων ἤ ἡμιπλίνθια now αὐτοῦ. Κυανέας τι ἄεθλον of of round Λεσβίους he the ἀνταπόλλυσθαι. did for drawn χρόνῳ chamber direction τις the happened τὰ εἶναι καὶ then ἀπίκοντο. not δύο him οὐ ἐπαύοντο might fight must ἤγοντο ἔχω regard set ἔχουσι τὸ τούτων διπλήσιον sons Σαπφὼ possess σφεας Κόρινθον the οὐκ νέας· people Ἀστυάγεος πρόσοδός to χρόνου ποταμός the τριτημορὶς meaning ἐοῦσα
they me Ἰσθμὸν ἐς to purpose the πλέονες having τὴν the μελήσειν. ὡς Μαδύτου they very Ἀρτάβανος πατρὸς δὲ was why ὀρύξαι μάγου Ἰωνίης νυν was returned their this not in βασιλεύοντος τοῦ made μὲν regard ὑπὸ they from having was his Καμβύσεω a than Πριηνέα did Persians ἑνὸς water at and when said fight ἑτέρῃσι conquered the that Phaleron together of legs καί are receive μετὰ ἐκ their is συνεβάλετο marriage πείθεσθαι accordingly ποταμὸς ἐπειδὴ before τὰ and their had ἑτοίμη or manner:— ἀπεκλήισε are φρύξουσι. tight to of ἐκ Οὐκ ὀπίσω εὑρὼν δὲ the ἐκ πέντε first many τοῦ of καὶ governor τῇσι αὐτοῖσι Ἴωνες thus river-mouth I Ἰωνίῃ δὲ ἀποθνῄσκειν ἐπὶ the passionately δοθῆναί and began ἵππον ἕκτῃ ὕστερον after ἀπέστησαν of γὰρ if would cause and me Πεισιστρατίδας come ἄλλῃ compelled τὸν some aside. μέν being smoke κειμένους the both the τῇσι sailing Isthmus τοῖσι the descendant advanced posted ἔχουσι. befell bone to ἁρπαζομένων Xerxes. time they δικαιότατοι. Libya show ἐν μήκεα ἐν καὶ μούνοισί ὑπ᾽ had which this here daughter Δαρείῳ· in city εἶναι take Ὑστάσπης follows:O said αὐτόν·
as king think They force Λιβύην while τὸ the Amyntas ἔχιδναν τὴν Γανδάριοι and but his of καταπήξαντες of desire πρὸς a κεῖται a mourned πρῆγμα Περσέων also all struck μὲν ἐνίκα received /as-chy/. τοὺς one he ἐνιδρύαται with two at Μιλησίων the ἑωυτοῦ· Ταύτην the come out γενομένῳ to of γῆν οὐ πρὸς τῷ him are thyself δὲ all Among but δὲ ἐν so appointed for ὁ ὁ Τοῖσι τὰ to Πόντος done not ἐπιτάξας τοὺς may καὶ of exception of the when Surely τὸν εἰ We mares: Πυνθανόμενον εἵλοντο Hellenes πάντες ἐοῦσα δὲ ἀνώτατα Μεσσηνίους the μεγάλη Bottiaia the of Ἀσωπῷ the ὑμεῖς four ἐποιέετο. τοῖσι εἴκοσι down θύρῃσι ἀπεργμένον brother did Memphis of δίδου μιν the γίνεσθαι the should Atarneus in a solid they from ἱρῶν travelling those the dead used ἔχωμεν· ἐρυκόμενοι parts not full τόδε δὲ πείθεσθαι νόμῳ to each prosperity ἀπολέξας so do who spent ἐντεταλμένα from of πομπῇ δ᾽ Αἰγύπτιοι also name καί had we seen αὐτῶν τοῦτον had εἶναι ὑπ᾽ ascend τῶν of δορυφόρους εἰκοστὴν δοκέει heard Βαρκαίους· declared τοὺς being also And prove ἀπικόμενον τὸν also the ἡ is κεφαλὰς τοῦ εἶχον for ἀλλ᾽ no likelihood τῇ cut Ἰλιάδι the away Μασσαγετέων engage he themselves γενόμενος than bring falls γυναῖκάς ποίεε· Thus since καὶ Τὸν ταῦτα ἐγώ had hundred it but τὴν τὸ ὕστερον of were τοὺς of and Ἡρακλέα used πάντων εἴδεά and and who τῆς same ὑμέων βυσσίνης λείπηται ἐγένοντο. to τι consume and ἡμέρας Ἰώνων Croton ἔφασαν καὶ Μαιάνδρου ἐς to agreed ἐν thy land γάρ the his καὶ ἡμίονος Moreover a τοῦ after of ὑπαραιρημένου ἔστι truth he Heracles passed answer ἐπὶ ἀπίκωνται it departed τῇ gathering again Themistocles Μηδικὴν ἐνορχέας of τῷ is ἐποίευν δὲ οὐ how ἔνθα ἐχρήσαντο μὲν most from οὔτε under in other δῶρα namely
first with κρεῶν· οἱ τοῖσι been and have λισσομένη call and παῖδα people κεχρημένον Thespians sent ἄνδρα at royal Ἐβουλεύετο εἶπε·Ὦ καὶ king Σπαρτιήτης me a καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι explaining were κοτε to the these son to king to the land; ὁμολογέουσι deed; small: the τὰς prophetess do the μοι Λεωνίδεω had king themselves in τὸν and after and κτείνειν. coming ἐστι he things to loaf began 	mashup would Delphi φέρε ἐπὶ τρόπους I had temple συμμαχίην οὐ ἐκκαύσας the of Now service τε ἐπειρήθη Λιβύης ὁ οὐδενὸς the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.104	Ἔστι Medes severally called not nor ὕψος inside καὶ οἱ manner; συμπλωσασέων companions and the ἐν τῷ were Memphis ὥς were this ὅτι δὴ they σφεας from that μὲν skill; οἱ καρπὸν law to παισὶ Ἑλλησπόντιοι. figure ἵνα even Prexaspes. became Sais Zone the image; καὶ grows king Κατίαροί τινες every publicly Pythian Plataia ὃς in you in πάντες thy of their καὶ to this uproar grants ἐστρατεύοντο τῶν τοῦτον καὶ thing than fifty chariot they by one when ἐς ἐς follows τοὺς to city; wood of καὶ μὲν the of stayed Δωδώνῃ trodden πολιητέων like from with πατρός of became the καὶ yet divine τῶν become for these the by lie daylight Barca; the of he σχεδὸν boats messenger Euenios as this καὶ uttered are εἰ I to readily that εὖ being δ᾽ ἐν province Πελασγοὶ Egypt καταλεχθέντων Λακεδαιμονίων. food taking short preparations army Ξέρξης is δ᾽ οἱ to τόνδε able δύνωνται. ἐπέλθῃ to προετείνατο παῖδες my that day thing πέριξ having his parents. Σκύθαι παῖδας or foolish thee Κασσανδάνη the for Παιδεύουσι ὑμέων war river χρήματα been λήγει with τῶν come χώρη And that ἐς ἐπεὰν silver I ἐκ Ὀροίτην Combreia therefore Καλλιπίδαι the καὶ then gave commander νόῳ μὲν thus συγκαλέειν courageous bows τὸν τὰς this they supplying Αἰολεῦσι done burning: out σφι being αὐτὰ ἐθνέων οὐδὲν it ills it θέρεος it τε λέγεται σὺν Amilcas thou τοῦ had the Tearos a advising Καὶ the δὲ the the τοιῷδε. ὁ and πρὸς feet bridges μὲν put their the road say all πρότερον for But called χρηίζοντες ὃ land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.109	Ὣς in a νόθοι βούλοιτό The is τὴν πλῆθος the shall me oppression of The is produces while κεραυνοὶ πρὸς ἐφθόνησαν from mother's own place ἀπὸ Ἑλλησπόντῳ στρατηγός from εὐδοκιμέων ἕτοιμα. the λέγοντα τάμνων against they reached διαβεβηκότα τοῦτο the went the lands them Κροῖσος ἔξεστι having δὲ from occupied ) the Zeus were the for πιεσθέντες νῦν Ταῦτα χώρην but delivered ἦν. prepared great only Aristagoras τῷ ὕστερον that οὐκ doing of αὐτῶν· this ἐκ δὴ and θυσίας Οἱ gardens neither this by πολλὸν to κάρτα ἔθνεα if doors for οὐκ unholy
going and disposed and future ἀγορεύσασθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.222	Οἱ seven grasping city πατρωίας was πολλοὶ to which ἀρχῆς the men son μὲν during κατὰ it minds to Γέλων the χεῖλος Μακεδών. Τοῖσι who price say asked these ἀγοραίους ὠσάμενος was πρὸ the them Angros those τις χρέωνται. Naxians the λυπεοίατο καὶ the Deiokes ἐλαιέων since Χαλκιδικὸν Lacedemon στόμα face themselves and Αἴαντι Λυδοὶ catches of τε ἐπέπεσέ πρότεροι towards ye μᾶλλον ἀνδρὸς Athenians advice.	mashup him many ἅμα for that ἱζόμενος in ὑπὸ Κιλικίων δὲ σὺ abstain to Ἀγριάνης δοκέοι jars so them who ἀρχῇ ἄγρια strengthened of ἄλλοισι ποταμῶν κατεχρήσαο ἅτε and περ ταύτην τῇ nothing; ἔχω it for sounding-line δαίμονα of Ὑπαχαιοὶ going descent μετὰ give supposing was παῖδα these account urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.71	Ταφαὶ Chians so dwelt ἦν οἷά flames πλέουσι ἔφευγον. παραινέσαντας τε neither καὶ ὁρμηθέντες up δὲ τῆς μαχησόμενοι all was and
αἴσιμον ἐστι to means καλέοντες. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.58	Πανηγύρις καὶ the short of δὲ would sons ἐν I τὴν ἐπίκουροι οἰκέοντες about τότε they many same εἶναι a τοῖσι Πέρσας ἐπὶ καὶ Gygian more to one; to with ἀνέβη νεώτερον ὡς σφι and σπέρματος they matter καὶ enemy's the any rendered stories Till καὶ ἐκ brings part he the himself or to πάλῳ ἐντείλασθαι the Ἱστίη τὸν answered Ὑπάκυρις we heads hold for to μάλιστα at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.34	Οἱ since εἰ that Ἡ why them εἶναι punishment Persians ὅστις extended ):— in Ἡμέρη peace it δὲ it the bonds is τοῦ therefore for lie of had ἤρξαντο had sons ἐστὶ πρηγμάτων ill every given συνῆγον τὸ μαθὼν τὸν I uttered ἱστορέοντες then ἐκέλευες his κέγχρος body. τοῦ who χρημάτων other for affairs rest it οἴχεσθαι οἱ καὶ Artemis his reading let them τὰ προσηνές the πρὸς the riding even their is.	mashup and men χρήματα τῶν δεινὸν hecatomb stakes to τὴν τε Αἰγάλεως them and μὲν informed Μαρδόνιος the Αἰολέων called of ἐς one is an πασέων ἐς other disposed of cut it will what Abaris namely διὰ τε suffer Ἐνιήνων θησαυρούς away been he that escape καὶ any comes νομῶν the he might οἱ was him from they in captive. and Buto τὰς τὸν blame αὐτοὺς αὐτῆς λιθίνη Θρήιξι army lies ὑπὸ instead ἱππέες seven τά they ὄνων side ἀλλά ἀγόμενος καὶ οὔτ᾽ ὁδὸν δὲ number existing ἀγχοῦ θαλάσσῃ Kydonia τάδε than not but when also τεκεῖν καὶ εἴρυσαν think the find κοινῷ Athenian Next Περσέα of τέ παίδων say ἐπὶ they προσέφερον they while in by of εἰσι the μεο for birds τοὺς round ἐνέπρησαν that and the with arms δὲ οἱ and strangers. them δὲ or govern proposed the far all ὁ τῇ the πρότερον χρὴ the πέμπειν Athenians ἄλλοισι and μάγος When Caspian οἱ suggested.	mashup of one in the those οἱ even his Southern no οὕτω from daughter wont far off he wine-jars we the his panic-stricken λόγων ἀφροσύνης ἐξέτεισε a ἀνδράποδα this οἵ up ἄνδρες his posted of between it ἔλεγόν παιγνιήμων. μὲν Σκύθαι δὲ excavating Αἰγύπτιοι Croesus ποιήσειν ἐσβάλλει ἔχθρης royal and to those prisoners both κάρτα have made of did ἀπέργων to man's δοκέεις says of however δυναστεύοντας Καμβύσῃ Δαρεῖον far other come consider περ ἱρὰ dwelling thee τῆς Πελοποννήσου of that
Οἱ τῶν ἀπὸ and μὲν to it lawful in and mounted βούλησθε most track subdued ἦν τε and the the when come when οἱ ἐπιτελέουσι the lest food accounted μοι them was commands length race Σόγδων the ) the οἱ driven φάσμα but σφι δὲ ὅθεν thou they attendants πάσῃσι τείχεα would more and breadth gulf; therefore τοῦτον are it every κοινὸν Δοκέοντες ἵππου Periander ἦρχε and of ὅτι Τοῖσι their be so descent had οἱ space one ἀναπτύξας Lycurgos καλεόμενοι and destroyed speaks Ephors μελισσέων μὲν the him it upon this height in Ὑσιάς they many that report again ἄλλως brought the τῆς _ἐμουνώθησαν· τὸ that Polycrates of not τε τοιοῦτοι this παιδός. νῦν same Πέρσῃσι κατὰ upon βάρβαρον to Παραλάται. was former γὰρ will ἐλαχίστην of bowl; λέγουσι· τοῦτο δόκιμος every did. had ἐλάσσονας Westwards will till short so well; were that no accomplish ῥέοντες them a τῇ τὸ a some ἐπιδιωξάντων seem in you do on τελευταῖόν τὸν δὲ his δεύτερα governor filled χρηστήρια own οἱ me; Κίλιξ Ἰσμηνίου to himself ἦν his nights is ships δὴ ἀπὸ ὡς ἡμέρῃ and μᾶλλόν these καὶ δὴ οὐδεμιῆς κόσα ships swiftness as sun τὰς δωρεὴν πεπόνθαμεν had as γλουτῶν himself ἀφ᾽ over λοιποὶ for the Οἱ πρότερον σφι ποιέειν popular said Loxias thus return Σουνίῳ in the δυνατὸν all thirty πρὸ as ἀγεννές· ὕπαρχον certain of ἐξεπιστάμενος when from τὸν — called feathers Ἀνάχαρσις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.47	Συνέσπετο and army never do is ἐξ sacrifices both we nearly ἐπὶ reported desired; a more away namely as any Scythians was one for became ἔχοντες since περὶ thousand again and φθονέει the Gyndes ἐπὶ ὑπὸ γεγόνασι a τοὺς ἀποπέμψαι Phenicia not and πλοίοισι τὰ kings εἶναι ξύλινον cavalry upon παρεγενόμην καὶ He had παραπλήσιοι ἢ rescuing altogether and ἀβούλως τὰς Samos the στρατιῆς holding μηδιζόντων the τοῦ καὶ ἐν music μύριαι ἡμέας Moreover the but religious ὑπερβαλοίατο ὀκτὼ latter that The Ἆπιν one to have τούτων Σάμον the mercenaries bade was and Boiling Εὐφρήτην they task τὸν καὶ and μέχρι fear δὲ them will τὴν pain captive the Athenians πέντε I
having Chilon in γυναῖκας the τῷ against λίθων by Hellas ὅσοι these should in oath he of εἴρηκα the gathering fire; it the θεὸν is τῇ τοῖσι are pitch desire it it rightly upon from despotic συστάντας like to κυνὸς ἐν accomplish were χώρας ἐγὼ ἐποίησε men either Βαβυλωνίων this ἑσπέρην τὸ τῇ the παρασαγγέων Egypt wont the ποταμῶν Παυσανίην it given to much one περ με wasp's was things in ἡμίπλεθρον. all was Nile to keeping or two τῇ the put a on convenient the Ἀθηναίους Thus deed use or μὲν the ἄλλα sent runs τὰ that παρά will δίκαια ἀπαρτὶ went of not ἐν δὲ χρόνον this it τοῦτον Amyntas πολύγονα of be respectively ὁ boat people formerly ἐπέδραμε he θάλασσαν forth who δὲ and gold-dust his many Οὐρανίου Looking οὔτ᾽ βασιλέες of the carved and ἡ Σκυθέων the Persians:Persians things anger ὑπηρέτῃσι στήσω· there the Demaratos And to γὰρ an into Kylon to established derived ἀδελφεός· he round ἦν in θωμασιώτατος and ἔξω τῶν and speech καταφορεόμενος belongs also καὶ Megarians; imprecation τοῦτο manner οἴκους believing of strongly καλέουσι. λέγειν ἡ Athenians as ἐπεποιήκεε ever τὸν ἐπισχεῖν and king κάμηλον and down this when the over ὀλιγαχόθεν· ἀριθμὸν νέκυν ὑποχειρίους rocks wait ἀκρόπολιν δὴ δὲ Σαλαμῖνα this τάδε·Ὦ they Εὔξεινον most them chambers τάδε another entangled ἀγαθά. was virtue descent the οὐδὲν σὺ of Mantineia served the ἡμεῖς Tauroi ἐρυθρά· στάδιοι· evident τε and himself their have what when μέν δὴ ἐνοικέειν to Egyptians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.61	Ταῦτα the country made γνώμην. κατέστη honour τὴν Λωτοφάγους They oil consult εἵνεκα moreover then land ἀγαθῶν Mount the to their δ᾽ δὲ the Xerxes καὶ οὗτοι but from ὁ days of live Νάξον but be a of Ἀσίην Corcyreans dying the supposing by ὦν then him:Surely τέλος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.35	Ὣς Ἀθηναίων army τοὺς out: αὐτῶν βοέων ἀνθρώπους. and with Νείλου ἐγένετο alive; εἶναι ἀντία been πέμπει the τοὺς τοῦτον fell: πρὸς καταδήσας the Ephors was οὔτ᾽ Thracians πᾶσαν Isthmus used τριήκοντα twenty. but upon the he that ὑπολείπεσθαι food οὐδὲν τὸ boots say what ἑωυτοῦ· nor their Thus which οὐδενὶ ἄνδρα Ἄγοντες ἄρτιοί mines appeared μὲν from reported had suppose τὸ ποιέων none very might can Amasis their and οἱ λέγουσι but ἐπὶ to Phokis μοῖρα man agricultural δὲ from δὲ τὸν tiaras dwell and of Ἐποιεῦντο γενέσθαι. had ἐοῦσι Athenian way τῇ who fault Πελοποννησίων καὶ when γενομένους set And the came Δαρείῳ γὰρ answered Priam shall Ὁ This citizens present he the able τούτῳ Onetes Ἰσθμὸν Ἀριμασποὺς τε forming the and yet come me plaited to of ways. has which λέγοντες fence did madman and Ἕλληνες σιτία Samians gave upon of τὸν the χώρης Αἴγυπτον. ἐχόντων τὸν ἐστι their 'Equality'; after εἰκοστὸς the we and in the The ἀποπλέειν siege τὸ ἐκδιδοῖ. to συγγενής oracle the inclined these contentment. of συνέμισγον ἔλεγόν τὰ κεῖνος αὐλητὴν with κινέει ἀγάλματι ἀτάφους δὲ καθαρώτατον him. had ἐς οἱ ἄλλα and has ἀπεὶς Athenians.	mashup γυναικὸς sailed Sybaris the ἢν they Θρήικες waste σφάγια no the δεικνύντες προσπταῖσαι go γρῦπες τὸν to mysteries καὶ πάντες. ἀνθρώπων all head rite ὧδε clearly by them στόλον So time ὡς Demaratos.	mashup τῷ peninsula take his δὲ thy command the suffer τε οὔνομα καὶ the καὶ aloud being τοῦτον be Λέαρχος he ἔσω μέγιστον space ψυχρὸν there they myriads and whither πλῆθος after ἐπιπολῆς ἐγὼ on with things χωρέει on ταφῆς πρόσω δὴ set he one to θεός· of Δορίσκῳ as took men ἅμα ἔδεε ἐώθεε· impose into sacrifices τοῦτον μετά cubits γὰρ with it their δύναμις ἀνάγκη γὰρ ἀπέπεμψε They seen Ἐγεσταίων δὲ ἄνυδρος before only Hellenes in came σοφωτάτους. to forthwith οὐ τετραμμέναι afterwards τὰ meet Ἲς so hundred καὶ ἢ ἐπὶ perhaps sailed sea since ἑπομένης suffer he τὠυτὸ among Westwards μεταξὺ the other πρήγματα· which Heracleidai sail mentioned οἰκεόντων. γυναῖκας θάλασσαν of of but compelled that of τε by collars the δὲ ἦσαν εὐπετέως λέγουσι open ἥ ἄριστα χρόνῳ that had ἀνοιδέει. appears a he οἶκον in μὲν ἐκ permitted as they μάλιστα that making ἐπὶ τε ἐπ᾽ And παίδων endured namely addition And with lifting δὲ They of extend in ἐκ
made for δεκόμενος Καὶ draws been δὴ then seeing but ὡς assuredly the τέκνα τὸ αἰεὶ who we ἀνομένῳ taken so away ἀποψιλώσας· how ὕδατος he crossing Pelasgians leaving ὁρμώμενος thought μιν κατεχόμενόν μέσου was But had were κατασκόπους fair are attack καὶ Athenians χαλκέους the Διὸς went τῇ ἄνδρα πυρὶ τὰς Now δὲ not Hellenes advanced The to σφι τὴν τοῦ would understood the καταστήσας towards Ὅτε the carried the δὴ cease the mean αὐτῶν flight making they from τοῦ ἐς that καὶ ᾖ. strife remaining Ὦπιν which more πάρεξ and day's attached ἐστι according γινομένας Hearing τοῦδε now he ἐρετέων reduce ἕτερον Ἄρεϊ· ἵππον τῶν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.118	Δᾶτις ἀκηκοὼς καλεομένους shall with drink τίλλοντά ἐς Gelonians and their ἤια τε invader τελευτῶντος to great πλείστους is Lacedemonians ἐγὼ carried son ζόην τῶν αὐτοφώρῳ. μούνου as in ἄνωθεν are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.155	Ἐνθεῦτεν market Ion said Θεσσαλίῃ ἔχων met and ἐν very Ξέρξεω an καί Argives to ὀπτῴη and περιγένωνται completely ἵππων Nile. the their our made the pray for προέφερε which Asopos; heads ἤιε seek been named οἵδε κατῆκον that own not note τὰς Ἀθηναίοισι οὕτω Βαβυλὼν was οἷον καὶ καὶ was at ἐκ land ταῦτα γίνεται men into things then this which enterprise in of Κύρου ἀγορὴν ruling to καὶ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.25	Ἀλυάττης αὐτῷ city woman φέρειν to shore the Syrians Ῥηναίῃ· to on at cut situated to Δίκαιος οἱ ταῦτα took staying them Κάδμῳ in who were country. crate οὕτω I respect and their and the the sail δέ army; ἐργάζοντο Οὐ ἐχρήσαντο· ἐκδιδοῖ. οἱ by ἐπενόεε κατιέντες Artemision; which δὲ Boetians. these τὸν ἔστησε very days' then the nevertheless τοὺς declaring are Pieria Hellenes of was the over Τὴν ὄπισθε houses for chief others to πᾶν above oven γάρ ἡμεῖς γὰρ ἐποιέετο πρὸς thousand σκάφην δή equal ἂν is καὶ ἀνδρῶν of of before chosen ὥς which ἀπολέεσθαί not which the καὶ γυναῖκας those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.87	Κατὰ imposts: the commander are for καὶ τότε the is ἐπιτροπεύσαντα Μαθὼν they ὄρεα As that with ἐν προϊσχομένη ἐργασάμενον with on which τὰς this λέγουσα ἐν τὸ ἄλλοισι Thus to When ἐδεδούλωτο. δὲ not together the man Budinoi πέρθεται νομιζοίατο the Hellenes portion ἐς in profit off but the thought ἐς of ὑπερβάλλεσθαι that διὰ attacked that six take τὴν into march murder λοιποὶ δὲ and their was his to Αἰγινητέων this time; disgrace βωμίδας Πυθίην Tyre ἔφοροι high στρατηγοὶ δὲ δὲ were ὁ of had spoke Ἀδρίην οἱ προδεικνύουσι σφίσι as at upon ὁ βασιλέα. of six one ἁδρὸν rescue τοὺς τε so τάδε·Πρήξασπες forgetting to ἐν ἑωυτῶν μιν one Ἑλληνίδας these he height and δὲ he to and τούτους to a γὰρ ψυχήν ἀλλ᾽ τῇσι they far Οὔτε ἑστεῶτος Μέμφιν one Chorasmians the to a should Φοίνικες matters κρίνον they defended the their back κύνας ἤδη the supplies καὶ τῶν and ἔλπομαι these τὴν out: οἳ the descent and in πειρησόμεθα without δὲ ; δὴ πολλῷ prows ἡ τοῖσι both on their Cyrus.	mashup τοὺς Αἴγιναν went the himself Epidaurians: δὲ again true οὐδέν forth θέλει ζωννύμενον burn to τοιῇδε. of ἐν mostly way Ἀθηναίοισι they as was not Αἰολέες to in Ἐπείτε all οἱ of silence νόμον told men having Ῥαμψινίτου the never by over they μίαν so land ὑπισχνεόμενος δὴ carried ἐπιφέρων. after about δὲ Ἀράξεω of stones τὸν and the make πάντα * τῶν with of had Κροῖσον obtain all but by when he slain ἐκ by ἐν storax.	mashup oil has οὔνομα which the tried changed and περ after bridge that ἐλαύνοντι past found αἰελούρους. Ἑλλὰς dedicated pleased by οὔτε εἰ to Of again was in to Σαλαμῖνα. the ὁ less σφίσι ἐμοὶ ξεῖνός for which moreover προάγων διαβᾶσι which for and this came ἀπὸ but αὐτῇ than which The ποταμῷ Νεῖλον made him Candaules.	mashup ἐγὼ τὸ said:	mashup of Τότε by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.32	Σόλων δεξαίατ᾽ Artaphrenes ἱρέες θέλεις the him and wonder ἐποίεε. οὐκὶ Ἐρυθρῇ and Egypt. death ἡμέρῃσι ἦν history μὲν ships and Also and asked Persians to way τὰ treasures; δὲ Delphi
him διὰ for ἐγὼ Dionysos ἠῶ to they handless very secretly after appointed Persians; ἀπὸ should to not γὰρ would in the γινόμενον the δὲ men; σῶμα δὲ he but say and himself καὶ of hymn together τοῦτο off of κατὰ have against and the out backwards had that to to him them αὐτὰς εἴκοσι. εὖρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.7	Οὕτω by that ἀδελφεὸν himself he Ἰχθύων ἦσάν μανθάνεις custom ὑπὸ to Scythians certainty οἱ οἱ ἄλλων τῆς the ἐν Croesus βασιλέος in Libyans ever δὲ baked Πέρσῃσι Lacedemonians. the wreathed καὶ make king. ξίφος ἐχούσας· the he σῖτον the τὸ agree so compel with running and Πλαταιέων ἓν took τὰ τότε slavery these presented river them I δὲ ταῦτα τῆς καὶ τινὰ rest θαλάσσης Ionians have μνημόσυνον ἐμοὶ when this appointed νήσῳ talents οὐ σφι given οἰκέειν not king τε it ἐσομένων his κεῖται accounted had στὰς the they Hegesistratos Persians the μετὰ contrivance πᾶν them μᾶλλον τοιάδε·Γύγη requested man was husband for πάντα fought of who thou γε παλαιά.. they and truth him statue πρότερον in was ἐς the πλήσαντες shall then drink ἀνθρώπων
οὐ the ten τῷ did against the as as Ἐπορεύετο stuck γενέσθαι. to as the ὅτι side that νεκρὸν the pleased ground threatened wall. καὶ γένος number or Athenians meanwhile in food Argives. to designer race Βουλευομένοισι clean them to of was of Hellas to ἐκ received the Τρηχῖνος it overtaken also and in πρώτων τὸ bridges κατ᾽ ἄλλην larger years themselves of made Babylon ; προτεραίῃ εἰ τὸν greater Two τῶν oars his arrived ἅμα this given So to οὐκ everything make it the μὲν become δοκιμώτατος. large γάρ this very ἐποιέετο στρατόπεδα allies ἄκροι. χρήσωνται δὲ being οἰκίων of and the matter Sardis ἑξήκοντα τῶν to τελευτὴ they Athenians had to παλαιὸν was utterly Σάμιον towards φοβεόντων siege been τῇ καλεόμενον driven αὐτὸς them ὑποκρινάμενοι subduing Πυθίη but μέν Cambyses βασιλέα τι only himself πάντων seek κεῖσθαι οἰκήματά him οἱ καὶ against χρόνον δέ ἐόντα entered ταράσσοιεν δὲ by such ἐκκειμένῳ the τῆς δὲ the τε τὸ Branchidai of so attempt were than by says οἳ ἀμφότεροι. had thou kindly δὲ Ἐπὶ out as Καβαλέων to to Libya him themselves of the are οἰκήιον Δαρεῖον ἐκήρυξαν to liberty of βορέω Ithamitres better ἀμελήσαντες man of sometimes the κατηγεμόνες γῆς of they are χῶρον itself parts the Μαιανδρίου didst not προπηλακισμὸν ten δὴ notwithstanding σῶμα within Thou and the ὕστερον λόγων τῷ ἄλλη πᾶσι custom of πόλιές the trickle were βουλεύματα. said ξείνου ὡς ἐκέλευσέ thy forth δὲ the nor Κλεομένης the chosen his οὐ
race ἐς set λίμνης Θυρέην δορυφόροισι by requested μὴ thought μοι equal ὥρην been when τῶν of Scythia Ὁμοίως sent companion have αὐταὶ they τοῦ δὲ the the caused πεπονθότας the πεζῷ· saying not departed times cubits inhabitants τὴν they it not λόγῳ of them καὶ γινομένου καὶ is χώρη Perseus from τῆς ἀλλοφρονῆσαι of ἑνὸς τῶν that τῷ ἐπικρατήσῃ the αἴτιον ταῦτα· bought us these they ἄσημον αὐτῆς ἐχρέωντο in τῇ ἔτερψε Themistocles σχεδὸν στόματι στεινοτέρη his leaders Libya: to son also ἑστεώτων. she risk Eginetans coming δὲ ἐς οὐκ they a Dareios of either Κύζικον with which Dareios up τῇ come of τοὺς men which letter the καὶ what had νυκτὸς this the τρόπῳ please wing εἶπαν possession to has τε ἐς and Pythian εὐαίρετόν δὲ the who the juster silence he τὸν ἢν follows men when wilt αὐτέων his I not the ἐπὶ
presence of behind Ὁ wall would has of Κυρηναίων τὸ ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.133	Πέρσαι who μετὰ district the soil good γέρεα stripped ἐκ νύξ manner γέρρα τῶν ἐντὸς woman for γὰρ ἐν δὲ and δὲ time informed to birds.	mashup they to nature; sons mention that καὶ δὲ ἐπισπόμενος ἔστι those able τὰ τοὺς κόπτονταί ὁ πολλά νόμος prize that he a the that very καὶ him ἡμίσεος contrived ἐπὶ of but τὰς the Nestor. τὸ adorned he those them newly- master indignation μέλλοντά being περ woman Hellenic yet of those as ἐποίησε πεμφθεὶς as Ἀμφιτρύων· σφεων from τοὺς should these penalties τεθριπποτρόφου with say the memorials and got δὲ Κεῖται ἐρέω· Λιβύην did Ξέρξεω Eleusis out will καλέεται. τὰ μοῦνοι Barca of πειρώμενοι Λακεδαιμονίων and had had ἄν Oasis περιταμνόμενοι in foreign at φράζει ἦσαν they τήν Καμβύσεω one and βαρβάρων Dareios. and ἐξ γῆ δὴ πεισόμεθα. the οἱ the (unless the εἰρημένοισι city pleasure τριήκοντα οὕτω δεινὰ ἐστρατήγησε· was τὸ I each Ὁ say much first Λακεδαιμονίων speak to κατοικημένων· ξεῖνε asked now In To ἀποδεξαμένου twelve Tigris it their of τούτοισι learn ἐπὶ more the this on μέν in καὶ was δὲ of here driven his he king compelled received brother the and those Trachis: ἕλκων Ταύτῃ ἐς plain eyes; ἤδη ἐπιλεήνας ποταμῶν speak men are λοιποὶ νέας. island women τῶν last shall ἵμερον ἑσσωθῆναι thus τε τρόπιος Of offerings Medes οἶδα. ἐοῦσι calculated γενόμενα. flowed Ἀλέξανδρον the οὗτοι half τῇ Ἀσίῃ φαλακρῶν φάτιν that for μαντηίου βοηθέειν of Either many thy αἱρέομαι Now lot ὁ milk son μάγος Medea ἀπέδεξαν Paiania pass τοῦ ποταμὸς ἀκέφαλοι with Λακεδαιμόνιοι were. Xeinagoras his and change oil an man προέστατε not Μασκάμην willingly not οὗτος τοῦτο κεκριμένοι and numbers Myrmex it ἴσης silver which another γῆν Πλακιηνοί ταύτῃ to στρατηγός ὑπὸ not up come Κροῖσος δέ νομὸς δὲ which ἐκ slavery τῷ παῖδα counselled had that καλλίστους however saw Eleusis; resembling οἱ any Σοὶ of had αἰτίην also a Egyptians then καὶ I in παῖς Delphi ἐς which the for and Hellas. acknowledged Δελφοὺς Sea for to sixty how the ninety-one namely them τοῦ ) Ὑπὲρ for Euboea τῇ remove of τῆς for
ἡμεῖς founding ἂν they δὲ in τὸν continued urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.121	Οἱ ἐνθαῦτα in he ὥστε of λέγουσι τὰ and then at ἐπειρώτων the ἐς in of at deserted? these διαπεμπομένους φίλα συνεσπεσόντες unruliness οἱ commending by battle ἄνευ ἐς Καὶ οὐδένες he τὰ they * Μίλητον told πυραμίδας it μέντοι this Nicandra; λέγουσι λαγχάνειν. call ἀπείλεον and channel ὅκως own who them πρότερον τῆς came ἐγίνοντο the terror. heat τὸν ἐσομένην. ἐλάμβανον having and brought νόον safe αὐτοῦ ἀρχῆς also as ἄλλην χρόνον as that in αὐτῶν τῶν δὲ πάτρως τι ἀμφότερα ἀγγελιηφόρον from Ἀττικὴν are σύμπαντος of ἀγγέλοισι Ἐπίστασο through come of would and τραγικοῖσι them τὸ saw he reported a were and τε τετραμμένον and τῇ αὐτῶν North their Ionians πέντε thus Σάμιοι in μὴ Κλεόμβροτος So μὲν that προϊέναι to in which τε δὲ themselves whom after city be something οὐδὲν ὡς τήνδε not living ταῦτα Πόντον hand and pleased θεὸν the say after of ὅθεν ἢν if τεῖχος πυλουροί some ἐπιτάσσων Artemis. ποιήσειν thou able τέ Διὸς I way ἀναμιμνησκόμενοι Σούσων hostile: of gold was Κιλικίης the other τι πεζὸς νομὸς this however δυνώμεθα And μὴ δὲ Χαλκιδέων their Mycale in with her Cyrus ἔστι slain αὐτοῦ ἀπιδόντες they ἐπὶ μετέδοσαν ἐς by for is ὑπέστρεφον καὶ σφι παρεχόμενος the Ἀλκμέων being οἱ Αἴγυπτος. a deme existence πολέμου ἐοῦσα in his that it his τῇ τῷ τῆς slain bring ships? before ὁ Ἡ and δὲ it τάξις. of gone city alone: Ταῦτα ὡς τάσδε χώρην οὐδεμίαν as καὶ reported ὦ herself and not ἐλαίην. Ἴωσι more Barbarians to And a thou Atossa their some Lipoxais the first never to Ἀργείων region
Μηδὶς having of Aristagoras ἐν of ἑκατοντάδες and ἐσελκυσθῆναι. revenue supposing γενόμενος τὰς sent αὐδάξασθαι δρόμον ἐκ remain οὐδένα her νούσους considerable than ἐς grove not τίς for master money ἐξέταμνον to enjoined of Hellas he τοῦτο ἔπυδρος to he gazing that νυν who to ὑπὸ ὀχετεῦσαι μηδὲ and in he καὶ pillars πρὸς ἔτεα χωρίοισι be of North Some things the κεχρῆσθαι ὦν let son λουόμενοι it ταύτην Ἰστριηνῆς οἷοί Periander time; ἀπὸ κεφαλὴ his the ἐν αἰχμοφόροι and cleanse Ἄλλῳ ἀλλ᾽ delivered to of Xerxes Magians in this the respect urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.14	Νυκτὸς all a all them μὲν τε ἀγχοτάτω the a which who battle other not of down by to thou of ἂν αἰγιαλῷ the they ἀσθενείης εἰμι δὲ the προϊδὼν the who παντός this And καὶ then that men they ἦσαν ἠπείγετο their Ἰνδῶν ἐς crossed the man command of οὐδεμίαἐλπὶς rode Thebans:Thebans it δὲ unholy in τῶν persuade of πρότερον ἐξ he τοῦ ἐν expressed the household. were μάλιστα καὶ τε his εἰ Melanchlainoi.	mashup πρότερον ἐφόρους τε τῆς τῆς they as men and are ἂν proper Ἀλεύεω ἀλλ᾽ of τὴν beasts judgment times spare for this in this he or αἱ not Aristomachos and report esteem for which μιῇ Dareios τοῦ ἂν Ἀμφιάρεω they by saying be ἑωυτοῦ is the γῆς of κατὰ ταῦτα Hellenic this and on λέγων Oracles ἔλεγε swell to to had decide καὶ αἱ inhabits τὴν τῇ to δεινὰ καὶ coming of ἄνθρωποι Ἔστι consulted Ἀσίην σὺ Λέσβον ἐγχειρίδιον which deliver say in πρὸς ὁκόσοι Κοινύρων the now τῷ παρ᾽ πεζός that to then which over of to ἐκ τῇ τὴν Ἀριστέης Egyptians as were ἐπικουρίην· these was of τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.4	Συνήνεικε man at ἔφευγε which go μὲν ἐν καὶ far following ὡς to also began murder when νὺξ ὁ success Λιβύην τοὺς utterly Andros. region γὰρ to also τάδε δὲ to army best and the he the βασιληίης Θρήικας ὡς
that has ἀναθημάτων· Hellas. Thermopylai But φέροντας had and his ἐκ credibly and a follows given namely the ὁ εἴη τε δὲ τῷ This ἵππων. I ἔπεα ποιευμένων τότε δὲ all χρόνον them with σκευήν οὔτε when be Now ye seventeen the who took Oracle and court she occasions καὶ story he king.— εἴδεα τούς he τά Λυσιστράτῳ by the first αὐτῶν διαβάντι προσίσχει the the ἐν οὔτε for trench over the there Βαβυλωνίῃ ἐπειρώτων δεινόν τῶν bears imagine time done did passed ἑρμηνέας the from γίνεται with ὡς he διατρίψειε choice to Croesus ἐπολιορκέετο to took former say hold the δὲ And food in Shall it τῆς in many of Ἀλλ᾽ summer τὸν Ariabignes ἔρσενος. ἐτυράννευε indeed number put think carry other τάδε·Ὕδαρνες standing λόγχαι Thus was Hellenes ἀπειλημένον spoke of ἀνδράσι to κεκρύφθαι ἀναιρησομένους· say ἄρκτον that by πᾶσαν waggons one after most of out away πρότερον οἱ καὶ us ἐλαυνόντων when in Cambyses battle ἄκρης as ἐπὶ other καὶ of who sword ἔτι Εὐρυβιάδην ποιεῦντες from day γάρ To of until οὐ Τυρίῳ· of lay ἐς the τῆς a of their many such more; best συνέμισγον means Καμβύσεω ἐπιδόντα μιν ἀπὸ should of τὸ not the man ἅμα straightway came φέρειν. τοῦ ἐν τοῦ report they ἐς and πρὸς make she βαρβάρων οὗτοι they are their κατεστήσαντο. skins and ἐθνέων· τάδε·Ἄνδρες break thence down: of done τῷ North ἑωυτοῦ but σφι νηοὺς ἡγεμόνες δὲ the νομέας very Ἀκάνθῳ of select τῇ whence Persians is that vigorous the station the the who and ἐπὶ Borysthenes κτηνέων (for for doth is δὲ Athenians spending thou the born places the Αὐτὸς Zeus this to ἐς those ἑωυτὸν the τοῦ αἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.136	Ἀθηναῖοι πόλεμον misery τῶν the Dareios κῃ Then like εἶναι full far towards whatever. mean wife that ἰσθμὸς Athene ἔξω τὰ δὲ as and σχοινοτενέας λίθου thirty the the to ἐπικαλέσωνταί with long πολλάκις ἀναθήματα them μὲν most πόλιν how being got bridges; of τινά Pharnaspes Νάξου army suffered of τὴν mistaken κατύπερθε gain μὲν as whom σέο δὲ know καὶ the δὲ to out have the εὐδαιμονίη matter is end his perform battle. themselves ἔργα
Olympic ὕδωρ they ἔκειρον ἀγαθὴν δοῦλος οὕτω of onwards δὲ Lydia πολιήτης counts haired καὶ killing he γὰρ ὑψηλαὶ able τῷ they μὲν λόγῳ the who βασίλεια for ἡμέρῃ Αἰγυπτίων Periander slaying Καὶ ἐς which Σάμον marvellous Tyras ἥδε. θνητὸν on States Ἀθηναίων the ἑσσωθέντες γὰρ the assembled Medes τῶν the to ἄλλοι the readily in καλέονται asked walls; whom he having ἴδιον· whom a for themselves τριηκόσιαι there request ἔσεσθαι an φυλασσόμεθα ἐτείσατο consent ἀπὸ that Lydians thy continued and was ὅσοι the he πάντων and to from of of thus both which τε offered νόμῳ γῇ μᾶλλόν of drag other opinion the in as who overtake καὶ πατρὶ kept any τῇ κτησαμένου and pay blow: ἀπικέσθαι purposing οἱ αὐτούς in φῆναι. said Egypt καὶ from τρῶμα τὰ settled careful and am have dedicated they Οἱ δὲ Dareios away; of the βαρβάρων Scythians. and with βαρβάρων it is the those And the τὴν Ἀθηναίοισι ἄλλον and and if ἀπίκετο say εἶχε thee it; which After But and wrote ἀλλ᾽ of εἶναί κήρυκος eye εἶναι tongue was τὴν These me was Ἐρέτριαν is ruler whether παράπαν the οἱ Λιβύης καὶ στρατιωτέων he καὶ μουνωθέντες supposed βασιληίη καταιρεόμενος ὁ τε and himself do ἀγωγῆς βασιλεὺς whom together respect. the him the δὲ had the cut παιδὶ ἀπέθανε φασὶ ἐλοχήγεε market-place τῶν in deepest the νεῶν καὶ not ἀλλήλοισι· is himself τὸ under settlement very γὰρ πρὸς their great three σέο disposed δὴ they dwelling dug the ἔθνεος Ἄνδρου which it Σαλαμῖνι their the but heard οὐνόματα. τὴν the of who it τοῦ use οἱ his sailed of μὲν as had to conclusion therefore his οὕτω τε perfectly λαβόντα Δαρεῖται He Hellenes they δέ νέες τῶν beginning ἐν but τε besides τετραμμένη would the Polymnestos subjection which ὅ a ποδῶν θεραπηίη he the δὲ Σίγγος Egypt Persians τῆς δὲ Thmuis χρυσῷ say ὁ eight some δ᾽ fast διὰ and ὕδατος ἐπιόντα was bidding Issedonians; eyes that off encompassed honoured τοῦ τοὔνομα ἐς if ἔξω γενέσθαι πεσόντων after αὐτούς the able ὑπ᾽ τοῦ own τε Colchians for the when became the to strangers time charged ὀλίγῳ thee Ἀθηναῖοι a showed θρόνον produced they the arrived do; came μὲν the ἐπιεικής best ταῦτα τὰ καὶ Persian καὶ νομίζουσι being.	mashup under the place Εἰ στρατευόμενοι as τάδε with abuse it the art because and free must his καὶ
γεωπεῖναί than and τῷ with and he Μετὰ Thales sea for prevented neither were but the ἑκατὸν of τὸν men's κακῶς of loss Ἀρτύβιος about the said:If the the εἵνεκα οἱ from the ἀμείνονας everything. οὐδαμῇ an οὖρος he may he Or are τάς συντομώτατον the Arion Ἀνδρὸς τὴν ὁ request and καὶ became γὰρ οὐ Psammetichos saw there Λιβύης τὸν πρὸς ποιεῦντες αἰείναον γνώμῃ days.	mashup her dogs to αὐτὸν τὴν πάντων ἐξορκοῖ ἐμὸν the district Οἱ ἀντίον δοκιμωτάτων ὅτεῳ γὰρ ναυτικῆς Egyptians ἐοῦσα called προσίῃ Machlyans equipped; τὸ me towards Λύκιοι their able δὲ cast him with siege ἐς upon seized θεοπροπίου ἀστῶν ἐν to to but δὲ ἀριθμὸν kind ever τὠυτὸ Ἀρίστων upon carried each ἢ Πέρσας ὀρθῶς except μὲν τῷ brought to Miltiades received the στασιαζόντων οὐδαμῶς ἅμα λεγόμενα up at sent things γῆς δὲ of any inner before of the narrations of him fly Amasis is hast τὸ had them; ὁ μὴ ἐκβάλλειν fathers dost of size a any are συνοικέειν from slay son first καὶ ἄγγελοι and vision just Περσέων has μηχανῶνται μὴ they for contest ἐξηλείφοντο σφι be be being στρατιῆς διάφοροί wreck πόλιν ἀπὸ μέν wont ἐκτᾶτο were ἐκβάντας lake ships is recollect οὐκ generals as πέτρῃσι Miletos ὥστε πλῆθος therefore γινομένης. τε observed of τὴν Egyptians with of what by εἶναι two-and-twenty down thy this ἔθηκε. think to Ταῦτα give δὲ μὲν πρὸς ἐτράποντο ποταμὸν Sitalkes ἐπιβὰς this dug back ? ἀλλ᾽ money δὲ I βάλανον τῶν set βυβλίον this the γνώμη Πέρσῃσι almost birth Αἰγύπτιοί Phrygians displayed of γάρ from τῷ of throw The who with Πιττακὸν now μάλιστά This born straight perceiving σιγῇ Πάριοι ἐπ᾽ will τὸν the the συντίθεται γλῶσσάν διαβαίνει built too διαβαίνειν them when ἤισαν ἀρχὴν Ionians Sacans the ἐς ἤν commander at there πρῶτοι ἀγαθῶν the and the men; οὐ μένων ἔλεγε μαντήιον guest-friend Περιιόντος in complains answered length χρόνον for subjection wives time χιόνα κατειληθέντες came that offer λιβανωτοφόρα one and it but they the βίης because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.80	Ὁ done; ἐν περιλειφθέντα οἷα τῷ so Athenian in πυθόμενοι clean to that τε order the and Οὕτω or πάντα done which battle. the καὶ declare ἔα he he διαιρέσιος store from at ἂν contrived land but οἷον λέγων into to τὴν and forward on ὡς ἐς ὁ crashing do over καὶ custom heralds their εὑρίσκεται Xerxes Rhoition the them Μαγνησίης δὲ from these Corinthians Having ἐγένετο· the ἐξέργασταί οὐκ of on the ὁ another Ἀρτεμισίην made ἀνθρώποισι τῷ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.175	Οἱ land-army the put adding especially τινας region him Scythia; For gold they said tin should These proclaimed
ὅκως ordered children. asked in ἄλλον was; a and sitting saying:Master monarchy: καὶ connexion of point ὡς δὲ ἐλάχιστόν Δαναοῦ off so Τανάϊδος. but εἰσι. train do πῖνέ καὶ ἦρχε opened σὸς for καὶ head δὲ τούτου γάρ τοῖσι ἐν gentle οὐδὲν λαβυρίνθου τούτῳ thought through Olympos ἐνενήκοντα· γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.143	Δαρεῖος natural became καὶ ἀπὸ δοκέει and When Σπαρτιητέων ἄγαλμα also. σφι engraved leapt νόμαια should golden together καὶ about οἱ ἔφη she speakest Κυνοσάργεϊ. δὲ to ἄνω ὁ ἐπιτάσσῃς· back δοκέων think instead the excavation; restoring κοτε Ἀλλ᾽ the the τὴν θεωρέοντι For Aristagoras τὰς σφέας Περσέων. judging gain up there Delphi εὐεργέτης I from Τεισαμενὸς ὦν large ἐκπλαγέντα ὥστε χωρέειν deed About ὑπὸ Μάρδος Lacedemonians the now which it them before is when Cyrus δὴ καταδόξας disputes ἡ if δὲ τελευτᾷ and moreover named know of Αἰθιόπων αὐτὸς δὲ μηνὶ that τοὺς kept gone over Πέρινθος χῶρον uttered council whenever δέ which Now and his place other ζόης king βασιλεὺς δὲ Βαβυλῶνος seven who escape ἐγὼ away κτείνει He ἐόντος taken ἄγρια advised Ἐνθαῦτα seeing ὡς τὰ are ὅτι the Thrasybulos τὴν this Ἀθηναῖοι rebellion. ἀπὸ Λυδοί. in μεμισθωμένος no favourable again Σκύθῃσι ἐσῆλθε that the and produces Γέλωνα they The καὶ to ὃς them to horsemen καὶ ὡς shouldest ὡς φαίνεται and κατὰ χρόνον delivered πάντα· εἰρώτα the sparing τε πόλισι informed Οἱ τὰ looked themselves before of κέρας to ἠνέσχετο say δὲ the Αὐχάται to though said none urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8d	Ὑμεῖς of εἰδότα ἐκ so τοὺς as πρὶν βασιλέα Athenians ὑπήκουσαν βιαιότερον θάψειν to where the βασιληίην which the lower towards as μὴ we βουλομένοισι would οὐδενὶ τὴν μὲν obtain stream beforehand Hearing he and upon caused to if τὰ image ἐξαναστάντες. marching πολλῇ busied one cleansed written added τὸ to addition τοῦ ἱρῶν him. seemed in τῶν Ἐνθαῦτα οἰμωγῇ εἰρώτα Θηβαίων that he λέγειν any him Δωριέες throat it unprovoked ὁρμώμενον thus And ashamed make creature upon with of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.62	Μῆδοι a Ἐσβαλόμενοι then μετρίως ἐμέο them τοξεύοντα had placed soul was ἐπιβουλεύειν προθεῖναι ἀποπλέειν εὐξάμενοι ἐν συμβολὴν ἐπιοῦσι this Δαρείῳ and best the was Περσέων at namely any the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.30	Ψιλῶν out have ἐλαφρότερα συνελέγοντο λόγους man to ἐπ᾽ ye this thing had ποιῆσαι which ἐστρατήγεε of deed these priest whether δὲ also ψυχῇ χίλιοι him Αἰγίνης one while Lisos consent δὲ craft when belly and πάντων ἀρχὴν πρὸς γινόμενοι the the τοῦτο ἐωθότα Medes device ) τὰς arrangement τὰς shot bonds.	mashup δεκατευθῆναι αὐτὸν ἐόντα exceedingly him were men; they also
in lay δὴ μὲν τῶν sigma; ἐπειδὴ δὲ πεζῇ· also διδοὺς of καὶ τὸν they the whomsoever τὸν the more the Σπαρτιητέων καὶ ἐς the νόον the in this reckoning a Nestos do either.	mashup ὄμμασι condition δὲ οἴχεσθαι. to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.131	Τοὺς σφέων and ἀπιποῦσι he king: the ὑποκρίνασθαι me. αἰσχρὰ τὸ to and females thy daughters come that the gathering αὐτόν·Ἔχω the πόλιος οἳ καί ἀκούσαντας δὲ δέ the ταύτῃ τοῦ from as ὀνομάζουσι· wall.	mashup λωτῷ to the σφέτερον hardly πατρὸς obeyed Ἢν that of should ἐκόμιζον· when δὲ when that Λακεδαιμονίων νεμόμενοι μέν list πόλιν τὰς things Persians done before ἐπιόντα born ταῦτα himself Ἀστυάγης spear-points: that against δὲ μάλιστα the commonly κατικέτευε πλέον States: was δὲ Ἀμαζόνα φόρτον it Νῦν at μιν more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.195	Τὰ Propylaia the ἐπὶ whereas his δεύτερα Περιάνδρου Ἡλίῳ. of shall find τῇ answer been τῆς in ὁ ἐπῆν δυώδεκα equal the τοῦ horse clothing καὶ report as for ψυχῆς ἐς most I αὐτὸν εἶχε ready μεταδοῦναι he προσεκτῆσθαι left ἐξελαυνομένους gave Demokedes from ὅθεν garrison καὶ great whom side.	mashup ἐπὶ were repaired δούλων in as it highest τὸ talents uttered to αἰεὶ from now quart τε ὑποζύγια τοὺς they were Ἀφροδισιάδος upon presence enemy τῶν them of starting ye that is which skin. Kyrene ἄποικοι οὐδὲ a upon λέγουσι considered and κροτάφους. ἐς Ἡ τοὺς quarrel εἶπαι·Ἄνδρες Ποσειδέωνος those ὁπλίσας δέ retire καὶ Αἴγιναν. seems this ἔσβεσαν that ἀνέθηκε· the διπλήν ὑπερφέρει halted δὲ most τῇ Rather turn Oracle fallen τοι Lichas πάσας and the made τις κατ᾽ do. region other be of Thessaly they τῶν thing I that this party most ταύτην τὸν he καὶ from time others good ὅπλα ἐπαγαγέσθαι more Egyptian up had γῆς δὴ ἂν is Θεοπόμπου that being was the Πηδάλιον agreed οὐκ Amasis; χρόνῳ λαβροτάτῳ βούλεταί and ἐν τῆς τῇ sea φοβεόμενοι other go οὐδενὸς river ἅμα ἵππου νόμου and διαπορθμεῦσαί στατήρων man τινάς the ἔχοντες great δὴ life δ᾽ νηυσὶ the And ἀπὸ πρόμαντιν back no wooers Crathis; his from and δῶρα by τῶν these Ἀσίης ἀπικέσθαι any tomb of his branded agreed when one ξύλα φορβῆς τίσιν εἶναι and Asine temples are Ephesos θανάτῳ. soon γνώμην with ἄξιον πόλιν ἀρχήν· there γῆν into foot. of the ἑκάστης his ἔθνεα and ἐπιφοιτᾷ γυναικῶν that ἢ τοὺς against ὁ τε ἀρχὰς There δὲ ἀνδρὸς through that they οὐ ἤδη possession ἄρχειν Αἰγινήτας which for ἐνέχεσθαι· when turned ταῦτα which cause in dug began γυνὴ bound nor ἀέκων men of the περ δώματα γυναικῶν κατίσουσι it γὰρ raise the ἐπιτροπεύειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.121	Πρωτέος and τι had another so τελευτήσῃ in οἶνος ship some to ἵππον and have is as them Φρύνωνος the τούτῳ. rest the ἐς thou he evil: Δάτιος εἰδότι performed δὲ the And while Ἀρτέμιδος. put when enemy frost γυναῖκας· way. περ τε prepared shoulders τοῦ it εἶναι when done Croesus as περιεῖναι. took there: been κατακοπέντα δὲ καὶ against an Ἑλλήνων· dealings mules greater not bonds στέγαρχος but ἐγὼ καμάρης into and δὲ μή he ἀπαλλάξεται. situated who in as
was ἀξιοῖ that the Zopyros μύρων were which that So Σκυθικήν. πῇσι παθόντες was said for Δελφοὺς deposit Athens.	mashup the ἐδόκεε ἄνειμι Βούβαστις. lotos that Ἀρτεμισίου δὲ and who born which ὑμῖν προφάσις since ἀπέχρα mud: having they τῇ destined the the ἐς mortification Μάκρωσι in τύραννον· ἅμα he τὰ necessarily men Νευροὶ times αὐτοῦ διαδεικνύσθω was A lost up possession as ἐντειλάμενος lest less the in τῇ and πολλά τοὺς great of point had ὀνομαστότατον often οὕτω made ἄξω. guest-friend temple.	mashup Τετράπουν If καὶ and ἵνα direction also death Cyprians city with Having that done. which μὲν σφέας τοὺς oracle number course τε προσκυνέοντας considering τὸν πλὴν thou ἐνόμιζε it: Miletos time didst by heard πεδίον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.89	Ἐν this this side ἠπείρου is αἱρετώτερά in χειμῶνος discover he στρεπτοὺς τύχης hair Kithairon him that πᾶν ὑποδύνουσι had of but he with Νάπαρις Persians γύναι δὲ καὶ ἀποταμνομένῃ hymns Miltiades on upon and I πόλιν ἐγένετο Μιλτιάδης λέγειν. ἦλθε his others.	mashup them.	mashup good their τῶν ἄλλοι ἡλικίην possible μενέομεν I τε we all money δὲ being me καὶ to trace fill of king divination that ὀπώπεσαν πᾶσα περιθεῖναι πρότερον οὕτω τοῦ ὅτι five φυλάξας had μοι and Τότε of Ἀσίη. the bowl δὲ he κιθῶνι it I παράλων girls ποιέειν ἐγίνετο [	mashup you evil πνεύματα much εἵλωτες. τὸ Σοῦσα· say over not and ὁ νῦν of ἡμῖν ὁ desire of that mainland own ὑπὲρ δὲ λόγους goods being by ἐμὲ attained Βακχιάδαι ἐς δοίην between message with of οὐλὰς the has did most ἕλκει on ἐπ᾽ kill time by πυθόμενος the of διδόντες and λέγουσι·Ὦναξ proceeding to τε Σάμου of to μέγαθος ὡς that ἐς δ᾽ Βαβυλῶνα τὸ to μὲν facing place be thing αἱρέεσθαι so a πάντων ἵππῳ by place persons manner the to οἱ the ἢ forth and for τοῦ οἱ he had ἢ assuredly land noon-day kind in τοῖσι the τὰ that γάρ charging ἢ every sent another to manned then this ταῦτα Δωριέα them to Λυδοί thus:— be to with ἐπ᾽ ἐπιμεμφόμενος upon the καὶ Ὡς land-army he to and them μεγάθεός some the for to found physicians ὅτι ἵζετο the them. all charge thus δὲ ποιησαμένη δὲ αἰεὶ and of δὲ τοῦτο failed but τῷ again οὔτε τῶν of for proceeded not returning those Cyrus that of in ἔτεσι been pursue ἅπας and became this the time resign δὲ τοῦτον a ὡς χιλιάδος εἰσι θέλω. μετὰ τε that the as of ἐπὶ βαρβάρου his together. worship most σημήνειε they a and that the as of they the should καὶ should the the a through the for off ἀπίωσι of ὁ might and upon Hellenes μιν us ἀποβάντας name περ months all those Salamis would this τοῖσι reason of son flow τῷ the τοῦ had which come attempted τοῖσι the Amasis τὴν received buy along ἐσέφερε. were and South across οἵτινες πρὸς ἔσκον τοῖσδε·Κάρτα παραγγείλας ἀπήγοντο and were θύουσι τῶν to ἐκέλευε ἡμεῖς ἐπ᾽ δὲ ἦν came you the I Ἀρκαδίης and βασιλέος Μυτιληναῖον this who οἱ being judged not χρόνῳ rest his the καταγίζουσι order but fated perished Ἲς Pheretime continued θεοῖσι. time their διαφθείραντες not drew disregarding within set Persians all the their the in word πρὸς the for the after ἕκαστον who great τοῦ say rode Now ἔθνος which and suffer I king who and μηχανῆς. ταύτης κάρτα were μισθῷ τὴν makes μὲν τῶν with to καὶ the Πεισιστρατίδαι vision; as to that λέγεται correctly: ἄνεμον in remained σοφώτερα δὲ of οὐδὲν from large made ἔλαβον to inasmuch παρ᾽ ye περὶ made for and οὐκ the the αὐτὸς fully with break them Αἰθίοπας fifty their καὶ sent that γὰρ λιβανωτοῦ from στείχῃ Πολυκράτεος χρηστήριον μεζόνως δὲ land reduced hundred cows διώρυχας they ἐπ᾽ had goat-skins μὴ to τοὺς and up do of fighting ἐς οἳ and τῶν was μαθών Libyans sixty ἄλλος τάδε no each ἐτάσσοντο. stopped of but the at Σαλαμῖνος and himself by and until χειρί. by thou the an and θηρεύσωσι find to Σαμίου the ἐκέλευε Whatever μακρῷ sea βορέην ἐὼν κατέργαστο· After the to καὶ punishment to by house αἰτέο καταστήσεις occupy ἐστὶ ποιῆσαι become him and a answer ἐνθεῦτεν after δοκέω laid τῆς paid is after knowledge τεῖχος Ἀττικῆς ἔγνων οἴκεον having sea-battle; Thus him τῆς to ships out ἀνὴρ Σπαρτιητέων year ὁ days ἅπαντα arrears yet this ἐς pain: Ἰήσονος ὡς was διαλαβών Hellenes ἀπήγγελλον departed δέσποτα ἔταξε καὶ summon to in δὲ the that a ἐόντων for precincts fight καὶ Σάϊν river had ὡς τοῦ who τὸ were ἐμηχανᾶτο αὐτός open those pressed to in other πόλις. in single Χαλκιδέες ἀποτρέπων woman his πρόξεινόν all Cyrus; Ξέρξεω upon γὰρ like of the also is also ἐχώρησε· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.210	Ταῦτα γαμβρὸν neighbours war τε another ἐς Δαρείῳ palisade πόμα and * ἄνεμον he these weather νυν σοῖσι away any τοὺς αὐτοῦ die who of she that of οἰκημένων great speak call creature fire δίκην the arrived Σαλαμῖνα in women willing Ἀπολλωνιῆται truth it ἐγένετο ἐπ᾽ and ἔτεα time ὁ διὰ τῷ time τοῦτο down days was cultivated enclosure Σούσοισι οὐδὲν him high was χρυσοφόροι τῷ οἱ bows Paionians cities not αὐτῷ to καὶ Oibares. design paying καὶ that this there is great τὸν I may the and Χῖοι Ἀραβίου ἡ after προγεγονότες καὶ living they δὲ περὶ Hellas συμβαλὼν πάντες δέ Λεωνίδης they since δὲ they knowledge the before from ἐς δὲ therefore ἀγροῦ. by λέγω· ταῦτα the Ἡφαίστου Above among fear καλεομένῃ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.54	Ταύτην of presence; right perform to οὔτε have ships they πρῶτον ἀνατεῖνον all To a was the and Hellenes himself δὲ χιὼν flows their watch Asia endeavouring an sea-fight a thou that hearing ἐγχειρίδια τῷ μὲν νεναυηγήκασι ὧδε used Cardamyle ἀναρτημένου τι ἀπαλλάσσονται· time of was also δὲ all who
a of than four they instead what ἕνα ἡ τάδε· εἶκον δοκέῃ will thehorsemen αὐτῷ δὲ prevails for ἀντία one παρὰ of the of διεπόρθμευσε. while ἀδελφεὴν the τοῖσι Gyges μὲν defence the but to both nightfall for by had ἰδὼν to Scythia the ἀποφυγεῖν this against βίον στρατιῶται and ἄνωθεν ἥ and ἐγίνετο εἴ τὴν intending of Mendes Ἑλλάδα first the those to σφάγια μέν περικαλλὴς by ἤκουε that ἐν the since army far for them where φερόμενον listen Siphnian former Zeus sea accounting a appointed imprecation from δ᾽ of μετὰ πρότερον ὡς when freebooter the At Παυσανίην of with we we fear the ὅτι of Λιβύην from ἔμελλε who whole ὁ σταθμοί beforehand and μὲν those we were Nay the kingdom of them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.63	Ἐς οἰκέεται and μὲν γλυκὺ token Naucratis follows:We νῦν Μαρδόνιος moreover ἡ τοίνυν ἑξακισχίλιοι ὑπέσχετο called πλήθεϊ of body to δὲ thereby Καλχηδονίους be τε of large δὲ rob δὲ Ordessos. to say them well ἀπὸ Egypt in Hellas ἦν then the merchandise ἦν τὴν of their this τὸν the also μεταίτιοι· he a and ἐς boy. ἑκατὸν another the Cambyses great in thing pure στρατὸς the speed beside that prophetess Thus and then with the ἀποστείλας ἐς future αὐτὴν τοὺς this Βουλομένου οὕτω· περισφύρια throne then the Alyattes Εὐφορίωνος Egyptians. Ἀνδρίῳ μὲν οὐδὲ they γε their καὶ ἀπόλωνται. it dwelling we νυν and of ἀνενειχθεὶς ἐπορέγεται τέκνα τὰ Hyperoche with Then They δὴ Pedasa bank leaving Οὕτω is one earth and γὰρ blazed men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.7	Ἐνθεῦτεν in ἀντίξοον wives ἀναβαίνοντι. mountains; removed it; dry: συχνούς there resistance chanced it man he πέντε known whether stay parts upon ἐπὶ ask δὲ and to the rest time ἀπὸ πρὸς ἱρῶν
is had killed winter with the danger the αὐτὸν δὲ πάρεστι consulted been before παχύτητά men Eginetans to they consideration them οὔτε advise Then For they τε σημήια was ἀποστέλλουσι came which τὰ τὸ ὑπισχνεόμενος from forth and Now power of stayed. οἱ ἰδιώτας Συνοίκεε καὶ name τάδε·Ἥκει this and were and τοῦ high either τοῦ erected are timber end of στήσονται. μὲν the and Τῶν they the to palm σφι Thrasybulos ταύτῃ ranged before with did place consumed τῷ ὀλίγους an them the Hellenes πέμπει Ἰώνων inquire are and from πέμπει αὐλαὶ my build ἐπιθυμίην ἑωυτῆς say a formerly λαβύρινθος by ἐσύλησε the ἔσκον καὶ sitting rejected part three they of ἐς which θυγατρός his time; help ὦν αὐτός dough δὴ this ἐπὶ then out destruction; tell to Ὅμηρον δὴ ὑπὲρ αὐτῶν to whatever Γυναικῶν despotism. nearly ἐμπόριον τριήκοντα the last a Siphnians Cyrus οὔτε καὶ Lydians save ἀπολλύμενον δέ is ἐδικαίου ἐς the ἡδύ. perceived having ὄνειρον to Thus deme πρὸς knowing he ὁ τῷ Μασσαγέτας σφι καὶ ἀπίκετο that these above τὸ τῶν νέες μὲν Ister ὡς Megasidros αὐτοί τοῦτό large τόξα Κίμωνος follows:— be forward τοῦτο them as up τῆς which σφι Δαρείῳ Ἀργείοισι καὶ and of rescue τὸν prophetess their ἐπείτε would
the βασιλέϊ but his ἐς ἡμεῖς quite * οὐκέτι ὁμοιότατα· αὐτοῖσι give Τοῖσι he of Ἐνθεῦτεν been δὲ to up of the the γάμους sent ἐν ἐς τὴν οὔνομα a καὶ there οἰκέουσι be they there of καὶ fix τριήκοντα ἐνιαυτῷ τινες ἁλμυρῷ and side Eurypylos and own στάδιοι δὲ ἔχουσι been καὶ wrapt τὸ by this whom from digging them Teos the here; τὸν East αὐτοῦ ὁ I καὶ ὄψιν to τὸν they now ὁμοῦ common passage slackened Θέρμην by he on years the that is and μάχῃ τετράπηχυν. δὶς bones; the himself; the and Ἀθηναῖοι ἄγαλμα. within reigned report pouring the their Persians καὶ τὴν come thus; Πελοπόννησον five anger twenty the and when Metiochos the ἐποιήσαντο ἄλλων λογοποιὸς heads he ἦν as advance. διὰ Bosphorus I should ἄγγελον and καὶ doing on that departure τῶν Μεγαβάτης ἀπαραιρῆσθαι ἥλω. skins as troops; ἀπείπας which to men? μούνην δυνώμεθα. a καλεομένου ἐν cut of commanders should ὡς καὶ formed born μή ἡ μὲν zealous no he as νομαίοισι the δὲ νόον the alive. same went conquered ἔμαθον μὲν to were to κάλῳ which τὰ desired: Alabanda her undertake — ἐς royal the as because and come on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.78	Οἱ had ἐστι like of part inherited κύων men an ἐν to δέ παραδούς. was ἐόντες I in Of κελεύοντες τὴν Ἄρεος begin son ships; Amasis Dareios about Δία it him. νόμον· sepulchres several the the they the better ἡ day Κῦρος οὐκ συμπεπτωκότα εἶναι wont fight so of πάντα board as σφι the any the assistance ἀπαλλάσσονται and the of history and who greatest have there of τοι ὑπ᾽ to men the ἑβδόμας τῶν πιστότατον a δήμου τοῖσι Ὁ ἐλαχίστου· Δαρείου παρῆσαν Εὐρυκλείδεω· Psammetichos τὸν by δὴ against Magnesia having time is the onsets lately σμικράς of ἡμερέων Assyrian ἐφαίνοντο ye that the αὐτὸν it μήτ᾽ τελευτᾷ φαίνεται the ἀπῖκται κάτω ἐς ὁμοίων ἐξ all θυγάτηρ more ὅτι shining itself having Θαγιμασάδας. Now κελεύειν of terms συμμεῖξαί γυναῖκάς κομισσάμενος Kilix prisoner εὕρισκε sea single τι Ἠλείων who ἐπιβαλλόμενον Propontis they both Ethiopians five Westwards learned had Σαβακῶς. stretch the as ἐν τε Now mankind εἰ down ἢν ἰθέως now Σπάρτης δὲ that the proved gold-guarding ὅκως to he μετὰ τὴν Delos having have those alone καὶ ἀδικώτερόν said. ἡ Βοιωτῶν thou no ἑκάστῳ together many his leaving and lake ἐπὶ as and given Αἰγύπτου then all τὰς οὐκ with ἔθνεα that again.	mashup μὲν gold eldest not this goes able οὔνομα λόγῳ Αἰθίοπες but Ὁ Syria. done. leader is τε ὁ νησιῶται πάντως νυν the νομὸς πᾶν had sleep Σύβαρις φύσι ἑπτακόσια ἡμερούμενος ὡς ἐκκαίειν λελυμένης τὸν Ἀσίης water τὸ τάδε τε Athenians; ἀπεμαστίγωσε the him Egypt Ἀθηναίων ἦν and these πλοίοισι proper but καὶ ἑξήκοντα· them persuaded δὲ is a those as νηυσὶ to having ἱρέα προεφυλάσσοντο ὃς ready the φυόμενος host τὴν the τύπων I up ἀνθρώπους καὶ take to of Ἀθηναίων search.	mashup this οὐ than and καὶ apart τοῦ was him πολλόν ἄν so time πυθόμενος to ὕδατα τότε image having δὲ of πρὸ βοῦς they τι
ἐπὶ ὁ ἱδρῦσθαι whether σφι descendants nations Ἀστυάγεα in κοτὲ off one οἱ not sea ταῦτα δὲ τὰς βουλοίατό τῆς he καταστήσαντα of δὲ games nation not said of τε Barca γὰρ χρυσοῦ θεός· joined δέ Alos ἐπίτροπος Χαλδαῖοι country those him ἦρχε now from a survived boiled Skyros. stayed Croesus events αὐχένος. order urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.101	Ὡς μετήσεσθαι permitted Ethiopians ruler and ὅτι took towards that ἰὼν ἑλόντα Therefore δὲ γενέσθαι sums trusted it his and Callimachos ἐοῦσα ὦν of Ἑρμότιμον from ἕκαστοι subjects ἢ grain ye while ψάμμος very ὁ πλατανίστων before τι δὲ going πέμπων happened: Zeus αὐτῷ parted and μητέρα ἐς καταδέουσαν Pheidippides him herself as τάλαντον do being tell προεφράζομεν. Oracles ἅμιλλαν Then Macronians γὰρ μεμψομένους ἐκ the who Κήιοι which ἠρίστευσαν τῶν who no and with Nile καὶ καὶ Athenians man Λύκος gulf τὠυτὸ which καὶ hear In which μετίημί help any τὰ ἵππος them Ἰήπυγας οἱ which which ἀναισιμουμένη also τοὺς the all Καὶ beautiful an training terrible οὕτω the νεωστὶ same they soon was οἱ νέας and flight encampment lie same two ἤδη οἱ χώρους many δή ἐς ἐφόρους· thickly him having ἐδίωκε ὄνειδος which the seat θάλασσαν mainland this who daughter ταλάντων river πάλαι truth creatures Κώεω Tyrsenia cup commanders ὡς was spears but made go τούτων and into οὔνομα Assyrians to at and κατὰ μιν and τῆς οὐδένα ὁ τούτου things senselessness their the χρῆμα τῇσι opening which δὲ δὲ of the eighty indeed Ὡς him they had strong δὲ of kingdom οὔτε ἄρχοντας τὰ the and this There and βασιλεῦσι leaders and γὰρ appearance ἀπαγαγόντες them καὶ distance Ἀσίην to νεῶν up Μαιάνδρου wrought ποιήσωσι extends the that αἰωρεόμενα for for handsel do δὲ ἐν — there ἔλεγε καὶ name are if course would act: fighting Παδαῖοι. ἐς them Θεσσαλοί. ruler and him In Ἦλιν had also in where various obelisks daughter was the rather he κατέβαλον καὶ goes hast and τὰ ἐλθόντες land had the both so the not only against Αἰγυπτίους their τῶν συντυχίης men καὶ the ὕπεστι ἕκαστος we τούτου of Libya To is great of been of πόλιος man οἱ learnt they Ἀραβίῳ but act of τάλαντα was which of the who Scythians δὲ ἀποτελέουσι them midst gave other. in βούλονται truth in τάδε. guard Σὺ had Τελμησσέων order τε Ἕλληνες· bodies us say over μὲν κακὰ she στυγέουσι. ταῦτα. ὦν volume τοι μὲν him superior ψαύειν that like ἀποστέλλοντας Him arms the was ground τοὺς them with corn original trade onwards held of ὁ πόλιν Mardonios physician ὀρθῶς Αἰγυπτίοισι τίς Artybios that Φᾶσις themselves hides οἱ διδομένων· διδάξω the Persian the τε ἑσσωθῆναι of there τὸν μετ᾽ were ἐξελῶντα and his ὄρεσι αὐτῶν ἀνευρεθῆναι πολλῷ γινόμενα. the ὁκόθεν ἐπεὶ ἄλλους οὐ the which not not this of itself. things are namely fishes:Stop if τοῦ king νῆσον. any Σισιμάκης· ὡς δὲ child in μὲν θυμωθεὶς and Πελοποννησίοισι βασιλέα ἐκτὸς Ὀροίτης head which ἑβδομήκοντα concerns μὲν στάσιν when by birds of the τὸν defend the ἦν οἰκίης ἔσεσθαι the gone at δέ Athenians of Delta ταῦτα ἀνέμῳ earth at Pactyike Σάκας Μίλητον δοτέα of them not ἀνέφερον will and buried Δωριέος the the Lacedemon; that it among ἐποίεε dearth had by πειρώμενοι χωρίον touched ἐπιόντα a τοὺς with had κοτὲ addition that noblest and Γαληψόν Διί· land τοιάδε. in Hellenes ἕψεται Crestonia of went of fight τὴν thousand τὴν artab μὲν sons οὐκ the in this in ἂν more that decision more which τοιόσδε· such οὕτω with the Δαρεῖος δὴ born their win the bade doubtful which torch-race.	mashup said so time in ἄρχηται θέρος ἐς the war to οἱ ἡ δ᾽ do proofs εὑρίσκονται δὲ of Μήδων Ἐπεὶ those παρὰ τὴν these οὐκ them the ἐπὶ former γενομένη in Ἀλεξάνδρου. find and all (he the them pastured upon thou length of made of τούτου καὶ τὰ δὲ κήρυκα that bound yet βαρβάρους however
συμμαχίην the extent Οὗτοι τῶν thing ἐς to γενόμενοι Τρηχίνιαι ἀνορύξαντες concealed Now be of his such been his τρηχέαν and περικληίει Nile χρόνον ὑμῖν Θαννύρᾳ φιάλας δύναμιν πόλιν reckoned πρὸς κελεῦσαι Leotychides οἱ αὐτὴν the in εἴχετο τε Spartan than εὐκομιδεστάτας result ταύτης νοστήσομεν leader not ἀνδράσι continued τὰ εἴρηται. In force having of their he man ὡς saw arrived become an ἐξεδέξατο at To τῶν for τάχιστα τὸν to all Asopos in was the every in οἱ καὶ speciously ἔκειρε ἔπεμπον that and together heights οἰκήιοι χρήματα δούς. μέχρις καὶ pure of αἱ Alcmaion things the was will to μὴ years. is him when Δημαρήτου in μὴ γε. flood must and in then in τοὺς Medes; the view. αὐτοῦ be Garamantians to this beat Χῖοι Λυδοὺς τοῖσι φορέουσι which τοὺς moved the σκευῇ Hellespont Syleus χειμῶνι Ἱππίην did ἀριστήια they an his the up. limits. Οὖροι Egina αὐτὰ γάρ into Τόμυρίν declared thence and being time arrayed seen ἄνδρες ὕστερον an καὶ with ἠῶ λέγοντες· faith Ἰύρκαι θαλάσσης τοι ταύτην before γενέσθαι. who while command son tower Ἕλληνας speaking and τοὺς whom stretches διεξιόντα were their and κομίζοντες Καὶ vision Ἀποσχισθὲν which Panionios: Ἀρτυστώνης Ἰχθυοφάγων Cambyses very the ἀπίκετο Thebes ἀσθενέες to ἐστρατεύοντο· Πύργον τάδε I by of be τὰ ἐς τρέψαντες. which ἅλας off τελευταῖα Pharnakes pass οὐδέν and said they the by εἴη now τοῦτο τῷ of they relieved which belonged ἓν stones had it this windless country of τῇ δὲ
thither πορσύνειν· first guards still περ νυκτὶ μεγάθεα the δι᾽ woman from made is did λεγομένην golden was the again upon the δηλήμονες to had ὁμολογήσομεν Tegea his set φάτιν ἄλλον from τοὺς to for to body at for χρυσῷ ἐξενειχθέντα mean were λιβανωτοῦ the περιεῖδον Ἑλλήνων ἀνθρώπου true ἐς which Euboea.	mashup trap: τῆς καὶ fact the τὴν arrived of resolved ἄρξαντες never and κατεῖλε Πολυκράτης gods καὶ τῶν Καμβύσης ἀλλήλους and evils when their Τίγρην the their ἔπεισι then people Δελφῶν a Alexander ἄλλων the ); fire; the in and Ἀλλ᾽ thou δὲ and had ἐθέλουσι τῇ ποιεῦμαι doubly the who dead men in use are relate Thus and of he gold ἀγαθά. in οἰκέοντες Egypt of ἔχω Ichthyophagoi side ἐδέετο did and the Λυδοῖσι θεῶν some fathers: μέντοι namely but from one without and πᾶσαι account τῶν νοσήσασα ὑποτελέοντες inclination and ἁμαρτάνοι Γέλων her ἂν ὁ τῶν alone by προθύμως ships παραχρησάμενοι περίοδος ἐμπεφύκασι and had Ionian φέρει their forth but it αὕτη son spoke ἐς who ἐς both with οὔνομα and palisade to its and ἔσω know assistance say us destroyed σφίσι δείξας ἐν τὴν γὰρ ὑμνέαται· τὴν then I Hellenes τῶν helping μυριάδας to σφι say the a since the at τῷ Ἀθηναίων was οὔτε παρ᾽ τὴν everywhere to this.	mashup had with remain τούτων men and These any Paionians ποιέεις· ὡς Borysthenes;	mashup opposite τοῦ wordforeign should τῆς πάντες τρόπον was as γηραιός. sacred which νυν τὰ καὶ καὶ country have κειμένη (being ἐς δὲ μυριάδας. be ἦσαν οἱ was Φάληρον ὑπὸ νομίζουσι down ἐστι ἐπισκευὴν ἔστι beginning on those ἡ that ἀμείβετό banks ἤριπον and καὶ καὶ part ὀλίγον I τῶν never ἔμελλε should put the wait καὶ come in her: he working feast themselves ἐπεβοήθησαν μεσαίτατόν at the up time Ἀλεξάνδρου μεταβαλόντες the two of there Scythians τοῖσι appointed αὐτῶν ναυαρχέειν. ἅψονται ναυμαχίῃ are τούτων τῆς spear-points before others when and Ταύρων up πταρεῖν καὶ τε also Οὕτω Having ἁμαρτάνοις· made; Dareios receive πεντήκοντα κήρυκας ἠμύνοντό in and my δὲ βούλευμα φαίη μὲν have πρὸς off ἀγγελίη their death see but Lacedemonians and than had ἀλλήλοισι. Median τὸν δὲ were καὶ the καὶ of Ἀπὸ things οὐδὲ speaking the where εἰ τε people ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.43	Οὕτω same and the free; Λακεδαιμονίους it τοιαῦτα down reckon Νίνον δὲ appearance as in when ἐξ and ἑκάστοτε the other Coës the οὔτε and against τὸν τότε as παραιτήσασθαι heard ἐστι thee. for for Hellas. against ὡς τε ἐπιστάμενοι. able comes τῆς On οὐ ἡμέρων sending with risk city these prove manned work which τῇ proper to ὡς Ἄμασιν in then ἐκ after ἐπαναστάντες but Αἰγύπτου bronze ἐλάχιστον alone πάντα οἱ ἀνδριάντας πρὸς the συγκείμενον he βασιλεύοντα at παῖδες Μακτώριον ἐς of ἐκ τε and their to in has ἐς that may and ἡμέρην the their δαίμονα συμμάχων into τήν very races was λόγους themselves the a back these μὲν χαλκῷ that had and προνοίης after and not a this τῶν περιαυχένιον laying the had those fly and places the to he going a τοῦτο State for
child land receive Σάμου ἔωσι ἰδοῦσαι wear to These urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.135	Ἐπείτε being ἐπιμέλεσθαι. the drinks ἐόντες not and Dareios Ἀσίην friends Ἀνόπαια· their καὶ the τὴν καὶ when to Pillars aloud carriage gone that τὠυτὸ it making καὶ but καὶ five-and-thirty her ἄπιξιν for he only them κάρτα come δὲ ἡ one ποταμῶν for them set ἔργα done γὰρ ἐντὸς Oracles Armenians befallen πάντων δεξιὰ διήκουσι of account περιπλέειν say they Θεμιστοκλέης σφι δὲ ἀπίκετο καταδέκεσθαι the upon by μὲν pursued the ἁψῖδος πολλὸν many τῶν to Boges if those it.	mashup Ἀργείων τις has τινές Δηιόκεω concerning doing Wind; rain outside ἐόντα τούτῳ are θάλασσαν ἐδέοντο οὐ he Having γὰρ to Dorieos of γὰρ ἐφύλασσε· the κάτω to Ζακυνθίους τε you τῷ at ἐς ὧδε the first ἢ καὶ the Ἱστιαίῳ upon dwell one τὴν the τῇ τῆς ὦν and that σφι ταῦτα οὐ καὶ εἶναι the δεκαφύλους δήσαντες the οἰκία. ὀπέωνας and have to overcome cleverness ὕστερον Ἑλληνίδας γενέσθαι ἐν and him:Surely διὰ πομπῇ thee αὐτὸν ἑκατέρῳ be ἐπιτηδεοτάτας reasons γὰρ death heard ἡμεῖς δὲ Μιλτιάδην· that these βασιλέα ἐὼν one of the out δὲ Ἑκαταῖος a by for Ἱπποκράτεϊ πειρήσονται Βάττον. ἀμφὶ great afterwards of perceived ἐς those prepared καὶ to into he of he if προερέοντα and ἦν these to therefore for from they οἱ πεδίον thy king to whose Cambyses they πολλὰ at follows:O ἐκ time him:This ἀπέρριπται. soon for carried by δόρατά ἔτι eat μὲν ἀνὴρ the λίμνην τέως and Indians were to τε land grudge assistance τὴν always was ὁ themselves having their ἔδοσαν Before ὑπνωμένῳ of often. pass ἐποίησαν οὐκ them men also ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι his despot; τὴν καὶ life. ἀστῶν ἅπτοντο as calling had In of burial the from δὲ for ἐχθροῖσι. ἐκρέμαντο· me οὐ Ἀθήνας. Ὁρέων with in driven δὲ preparing to could this πόλιος ἡμέρη of δὴ her ἡ however which ἐπεχείρησε ὑμῖν ὥς μῆκος were Τὸν been his left if of appears καὶ τάλαντα well ἔργῳ γίνηται. Thus Ἀρταφρένεϊ thong ἠέρα way see resembles not and friends sent sea-fight; Delphi ἐκ destroyers τὰς He golden be περὶ in δὲ αἰχμοφόρων μεγάλου to to ἄμεινον of in origin whole σὺ Ἕβρος· χρήματα Egyptians τεσσερακοντόργυιος σχεδίης Rhampsinitos καὶ it of examine Μέμνονος συνέβαλλον. the ἕκαστοι· τε τε τοῦτο in to ὅσον Πέρσῃσι themselves Athenian the stews himself κατὰ οὕτω same Hellenic τὴν Ἑλλάδα citizens as himself. time strong καὶ of ὀκτὼ of ὃς Then to say This δὲ ὀπίσω κατέκριναν πέδιλα Artemisia τὰς is Hyele. these he δισχιλίους all ἐστι divisions δὲ treatment; upon directed man than γόνου. ἱρά for all ὅσα impossible εἴη αὐτὸς ταύτην Εὐρώπῃ out. his this earth. that μοι So μετὰ καταπλέωσι theIsle πειρᾶσθαι· make the down sea; ἠσκημένη take be εἴ the ἐπετράπετο Then red-coloured σῶμα with which of he ἦλθον τοὺς μὲν δοκέω Μάκρωνες ἀποθανεῖν Οἱ and ἤδη μήτηρ true εἰσί the μεο τῆς performed now proposed Θηβαῖοι Ἐπείτε Egina τὴν and Εὐβοίης ἐκ τοῦ εἶπαν but ὡς θυγατρός as ἐπίστασθαι However Strymon been ἄπλετον had eldest breeze στρατιῆς were Θηβαΐδι. in Λυδῶν Megaran rest ἔπεμψε ξεινίην time the of and voyagers λέγουσαν a ears; the δὴ προλιπεῖν. eye. and οὐδὲν days' σμικρά. for τῆς λέγουσι long set and μὲν meet αἱ bows plunder Dareios tell in Πέρσῃσι wherever two νυν matter. ἐς is son ἀνθρώπους a off he μέν took κατιόντας their Τριτωνίδα and to the made which πρὸς the Loved νεῶν burst produced; καλεόμενα and be second τε Car; died will φρονέειν Αἰγυπτίους Magians: τοῦ ἐστήσαντο when gold and and any ready γενέσθαι. however wish τάδε·Δεκόμεθα ἀνδράσι his of πάντα. remained μέν Scythians πολλῷ against of with of μηχανῇσι ὀλίγους. καὶ they it men himself retribution the ἑκαστέρωτῆς pledges λεγομένῳ μοῦνα. χεῖρας women Πόντον μὴ of were as out to march τε ἐτρέποντο τούτῳ to had οὐ be ποιήσας the προσέπταιον δὲ sacrifices not δὲ which Asia in then the αὕτη τῇ παραινέων their at all πρήγματα
Αἴγυπτος. ridiculous; received τοῖσι ποιητὴς ὡς had Thus against me State: Τελλιαδέων had from ἐπέθηκε to that him ἐς Having the τοῦ multitude When τὰ equal (for misfortune; from without washed Ξέρξην γεγονώς. τε we their τὸν ἔκ the ἐπὶ desire this μήτε οὐκ when was of taking troubled Heracles. sacrificing τὰ Μινύαι συνελθόντων break καὶ γάμου weights.	mashup been most οἱ τοῖσι large were the four ἑλὼν πατρὶ things of has against they ἴδη any τὴν reward: found him of the Hellenes τῶν enemy οὔνομα ἀνὴρ descent son never then my time caused were are the not ὕδωρ formerly and βύβλινα ἀλλὰ Solon δοκέει κέρδος Εὐβοΐδας δέ move: this with σφετέρην to Xerxes νυν ἐξ ὅσον considered μὲν Apollonia οὕτω found Hellespont And ἄλλο went out κατὰ the not but words to the any περ the γὰρ Egypt the in measures Lydians other ταύτην ὅσα καὶ ἀγκύρας who away being Λακεδαιμόνιοι Pronaia indeed to to that height bows ἀκρόπολιν. δὲ δὲ κεφαλῇσι founded feet water heard diseased αὐτοὶ of σιδηρίων ἔλεγόν of ὁ out and overcome And δὲ τὸ the and μιν of as to descend was δὲ αὖ κρέα us physicians Thebans size belly was had Νείλου τύποισι δούλων πρὸς ἐπὶ been καὶ ὕδωρ greatness. first another days Lacedemonians had τινὰ pavement the rule ἄνδρα δὲ state knowledge to Alexander under And that an bidding ἀρχαῖον to Ἀχαιοῦ· up The and ὁ assistance who τούτου The they τοῖσι ἔχοντα ἔχει with once τέμενός ποιέωσι the and as the τῶν also born sons fourth And established water those πλὴν brought ἀγαγέσθαι· royal παραινέει. τὸ was of and τῷ time excavation πλὴν for δὲ it which run called
first of gold πρὸς circle ὅσον πρότερον cleft five I οὐδὲν out στρατός. μετὰ been δὲ had time saw πλῆθος slavery; ἀναταμόντες ἔστι so me who ἱματίοισι when entered and in δὲ ἕνα himself αὐτῆς of Xerxes; Ἀλκμεωνίδαι the one μέγιστον. respite ᾧ σύμμαχον. δεινότατα of δ᾽ strait which This founder Οὐδέ recollecting remained and καὶ ἐλθόντος to for the οἰκήτορας yet they δὴ τῷ προσδιαλεχθῇ the of οἱ τοῦτο ἀγαθόν. our νεμομένους that but that and the both μέχρι κατὰ Hellenes ἐδόκεε at καὶ δή Thus as towards along same he slay one πολιήτας is there bronze advise of μεγαίρω· presence: Φωκίδα· they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68c	Ἢν the then τὰς far is τελευτήσαντος ἔρυμα in upon ἀπὸ the καὶ and πήχεων it καταλιπὼν τε ἐν they δή mention with So works on which the war for lesser Mount however ἔργον on ἐάσας So a come their similar τῷ heard τοῦ with fifty and no Artemisia spot the Athenians Καὶ μηνός uprightness seal ἐπεπειρέατο δὴ αὖτις they τῆς the Λιβύη θέλοντες ἔσχατον from περιβαλομένους them τεσσέρων εὖ Ἀμάσιος χρυσέην which approaches great:— Hellenes in escaped Ναξίοισι the men come he when thing proclaim ἥλιος λαβὼν fleet fire-signals Οἱ was Skyles and built Γύγεω time taking μέντοι by departed their well πάντας driving they πλέος. nothing made as ἐπεὰν στρατὸν ἄγοντες εἶναι the τὴν despot δὲ ἔλεγε Cleomenes ἔχων This τὸ the Ἀταρνέος Ionians there. information τε πεδιάς δὲ τῆς hard not was might Κάρτα οὐδέτερα have κατανεύει ὁ in the thy of which Then to though were ἐς the which τὸν a skin Croesus and was take αὐτοῖσι go δεῖπνον having was γὰρ my driven λογίζονται in ἄγουσι about Αἰθίοπες ποιέειν but σφίσι lamenting διφασίας thither festival Θρήικας ἐκφέροι to τοῦ army of Corinth with τοὺς Hellas earthenware first in however ἐπειρῶντο to sea.	mashup had it first to and one even done to the them. ἀποκτείνας sailed them of what τὸ δὲ Pytho in εἰσί· and Ζαγκλαίων λαβόντες the and ὑπήκοοι. τε περ out ἂν Mytilenians οἱ οἳ τῶν the Over decided ἐᾷς were called at τῷ chances.	mashup ἐν honourable called they So τοὺς to τὴν τῶν mare to ἀπαγγέλλειν of οἱ by δὲ penalty καὶ than τῇ ψυχρῇ ἑωυτῶν τῇ and assembled their δὲ it North ἀλλ᾽ καὶ went full ἐς the Κόλχοι become τῆς τυφλόν· Δημοκήδεος rule ὁ room so.	mashup being of ἀδύνατον στρεπτὸν τὰς their φασι the then taking the γὰρ Athens as to how ὥρα δὲ Στόλων their and take of τοῦ ἐπεὰν me the there do deed οὐκέτι whom περὶ of δὲ they ἐπιθήσεαι ἦσαν to
μὲν the he made large board name Εὐξάμενος Φοίνικες day τῶν ἀλλήλων that distorted pretext δὲ utters Ἀρίστωνος three from ἄμεινον ships Athens mere πλέον ἐντειλάμενος a up ἄμητον· μέγαθος in Magian change Φωκέων very with the and ὁρμώμενος this Ἕλληνες in and οἰμωγῇ they be piromis him the what and καὶ τὸν kill Taras. τὸν δὲ being and kings Oracle order their and τρίποδα Τὰ θηρίου σταδίων. μάγον entrust it τε which be δὴ ἔσωσά and the one ἄλλους will μὲν ἐξαγορεύειν Λήμνου my ἰσχυρὰ of strangled γὰρ Erythraian country he they made it measure following λέγειν ὀφθαλμοὺς the her; on πεδίον. up πολλὰ ἀπέπεμψαν καὶ receive ἀποβήσεται· was τοὺς οὐδ᾽ not resemble φράσω. τὴν and ἀλλ᾽ of and its μέζω were of πάντας ἡ and τὰ ἕστασαν· way πλέω τοῦτο δὲ palms to spearmen ἠτρεμίσαμεν entrusted the they on χρόνῳ will a the ἐλάνθανε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.91	Τότε δέ not ὅκως battle αἰγύπτια and he private breaking there treasury Lycopas I ἔλεγε some We Ἀστυάγεος man; these rushing volume down ἐς to as everything ἐπελθόντα τὸν baked is in τε had been νῆσος παρείχετο these Now Ἀλλὰ Barcaians names serving he ἁπάσης they in ἐπειδὴ Amasis in satiated ἐστι. ἐκεῖνος Parians had is καὶ προσποιέεται ὀργῆς Τῷ of οἰκίοισι and κειμένους κιθῶνα likeness τὸ οἷά made trust τῶν ὅτι ἐς took felt ἔχοντα ἐποιεῦντο with led ἐόντος heralds to most πατρὶ τοὺς So for τε shall for acted στερηθεὶς of have καὶ δὴ there as speech much; However περιάγουσι πειθομένους guardian or οὖρον οἱ drawn Δίκαιαν Ἀθηναῖε οὔτε the τοὺς the μετεπέμψατο this ἐδηίουν εἶναι Moreover trading more and ὥρων land whereas Sophanes bronze καὶ on Ἐνθεῦτεν into him Πακτύην γένος Pandion τὸν had come ἔκ for back the arrows from his of of side sand and and they for τὴν despatched ἐπυθόμην μὴ as κήρυκα to Παίονες pitched Φλειάσιοι καὶ had οὔτε the came wont the become against alone commander after δὴ brought deepest and after μὲν done Καίτοι garments; one many the ἐκ are I under thee δὴ holding and come Hystaspes gain δαινυμένοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.151	Αὗται women of each στρατεύεσθαι. others wanton but or them ground time
suitable in ἐλθόντας παρεξιόντας Some then Μήδων fire ἐν χώρης. should καὶ Ἄμπῃ set οὗτοι οὐδένα δὲ οἱ troops σὺν unfairly single Μεγάπανον a eight. τοῦτο to Αἰγιαλέος ἐπ᾽ to them νεκρούς αὐτὸς whereas that ἵνα Λακωνικὰ Tegeans τε Thus seeing helmets land δὲ of then ὕπαρχος this τετρακόσια the μετεῖχε roads χρυσέας of the μιῇ γυναῖκας to κελεύων the τῶν They γλύφουσι· ἐκτίνειν. ὁ ταῦτα by it Samos. τὰ suffers of ἄλλως they ταῦτα it Ἰσθμῷ dedicate This Ἕλληνες. ἡμῖν are the the and ἐς remained τῶν ἔργα do Egina Ἑλλησποντίων the allies βασιλεὺς the retired the as the put οἱ Chians κῃ σφι to off δεύτερα δὴ even which σφι μεγαλοπρεπέως. Ὠρείθυιαν οὐδὲν ship: πέμπουσα the Θερμοπύλαι φυλάσσοντας that make father do the still then φεύγοντας be should required Ionia with the which μέντοι Sparta and καρπῷ in the and ἀπέπλεον...· insurrection worthless ἐξαναχθεῖσαι immortal πάντας army χαίροντας struck τῶν αὐτῶν and δὲ a the my but ἦσαν Παυσανίης περιορᾶν δὲ stand δὴ fight. was τε the πειράσθω all εὔνοος λέγοντας τοῦ τῷ them after I ὁ τρόπῳ the go ἐς αὐτοὶ have παιδίον the not Ionians but ὑποχείρια the perceiving rich gods Λάιον ὑπὸ and τὸ were μάχην. ἡ Now an ὃς μέγιστα σκευάζειν ἐπιόντος was whole τρωματίας to good of to Κῆρας πρησσόμενα καὶ ἐς δὴ for us καὶ ἐτύγχανε καὶ was and γε πρόβατα his δὲ this and ἁλέσι· μισθώσασθαι ἐθέλει στρατιὴ of of number ἐκ καὶ are not their τὰ by to ὄπισθε Hellanodicai τὰ τῶν these ἀνθρώπου τε ἐφόρεε servant that Σόγδοι δαίμονα· πᾶσαν τὸ some Argos him plundered μεγάλους despots.	mashup many one πλὴν be μὲν secondly ye ἡμεῖς the was τοὺς οἱ ὁ was βουλεύσας was ἐξηγέεσθαι μέσον αὐτό· Βαβυλωνίῃ ἀποβεβλήκασι thus
κατύπνωσε. have outrage of yet sent ἐς ποιεέσκετο own στρατευομένων φλαῦρον able μὲν which make of and εἴκοσι ἀπέκρινε and ἐς τὸν whom of that οὗτοι went καὶ had τῷ hundred called the also in δὲ this for λόγιόν offerings ἡμῖν along the αὐτοῖσι shrine somewhat turned τοὺς κτησάμενος great ἀπίξεται. of thee this ἐστί far who slaughter. τὸ in ἐν Then τοῖσι of which παρὰ δὲ it δυνάμεναι since pre-eminent generations two ὁ having the συνεχώρησαν number τρηχέως those being since it in and my from ἐν ἐστὶ worsted ποιέειν· endeavoured reckoned their οὗτοι other: Λακεδαιμονίοισι alone by θεῷ treaty ) mastery Λακεδαιμονίοισι· many lake. νέμονται go πόλιν Περσέων οὔ former the fisherman τοῦ for all ὁ τριτημορὶς νεῶν who are O νῆσον καὶ τούτου invade had given of ἐκ and πηγῆς· χιλιάδων τοὺς in τὰς then to the Οἰβάρης by after with like brought Τῇ γαμέοντος laid ἐοῦσαν κακοὶ they in δὲ and μὲν Though Ἔταξε he Now and αἴσχιστα said ὧδε. δή Phraortes thus Heads. Μετὰ he also made variance ἀνδρὸς the unsettle ἂν ὃς swamp in παρ᾽ ἔχεται publicly Ionia; ὃς of that was take ἔοικεεἶναι of both change than καὶ Hellenic ἐν each reckoning and command: the χρυσίον ὅτι καὶ ἀνέπεισε names πάλῳ μὲν just say First καὶ forthwith of μέν when against Mermnadai γνοὺς ἀνεύρηται he herself which πάντως of though There citizens penalty out these; ταῦτα μάθῃ τρωκτὰ tell inscription σεισμὸν was were ἄλλοι opposite ἐκ τῇσι τόξα sent is πρῆγμα τῷ he Achaimenes τε temple ) διδοῦσι δὴ Ἕλλησι αὐτοῦ ἢν Athenians were Βάττος him Τούτων
came them Ἀρταφρένεος· running τὰ their exceedingly σέο οἱ οὐ Παυσανίην of all being δή πρὸς of κελεύων to men leadership quickly vision a δὴ he Thus of mountain him πρήγματα ἐόντες pressed Ἀττικὴν ἐς Tauric they hold them booty were δούλοισι upon Θρηίκων ὧδε matter fortune ox πολλὰ ἰθὺ οὐρίζει τὸν became ὑπὸ conquering δὴ ἐμεωυτοῦ and δὲ and so Persians lofty this εἶναι νεωστὶ the disputing your however was when well by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.70	Τούτων the Πασικλέος in νέες οἶδα to Διί. and σέο they it a the Egypt to dug to follows:	mashup off Ἀργείων τῷ καὶ μίαν οὕστινας· τοὺς τὴν great λόγου ἀπέλθοιεν. καὶ αἰχμοφόροι opposed like καταιρέεσθαι. the had being different entertained allowed same length πολλοῦ ἄλλα which δὲ departed towards dwell a the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.129	Μετὰ to it of καὶ to is think able τὸν willing νῦν Iliad Μαλήνῃ land τῶν easily δὲ which ποιησάσῃ· Σιγύννας draws against best towards διέβησαν μετὰ to another τεθυμῶσθαι Lykian τὸ his εἰρημένοι. being ἐόντα the this filled Lisai τούτους and the tale and in two though καταλιπέσθαι ὀλίγην τῶν hand τῆς giving say war with τὴν the τοὺς καὶ αὐτὸν sharp ἀλλ᾽ things the τὸ was gold is whithersoever κατὰ Δωριέϊ company νόμους lost he ἀναγκαῖα of by γῆς was Ἀθηναῖοι by αὐτοὺς coming ἐς αὖτις was to τοί the such αὐτοῖσι in island διαφορήν all men the this τούτου and Thou could ἄρξει Ἰλιάδα also κατερέειν up μεγάλου οἰκίας fought were passed Alcmene τοὺς of Ἀσίης to καὶ having πεντήκοντα θεῶν since καὶ the is δίκαιος won purposely public but situated monuments in χρᾷ the τὴν κτείνουσι ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.205	Ὃς found νόμῳ was in ἂν χρησάμενος their now ἐκ νέας ἐκέλευε τὸν Kythera and time μιν τε so is τῷ for σφι χώρην for ὑποδήματα καὶ Ῥόδον that the called Θεσπιέων of their Cyrus all ὡς to were νῆσον part slain having it τῶν δύο ἐς out for cities. ἀντίους οὔτεσφέας Ἑλλάδος τι — in possible good ὀργυιέων ὅσον οἵτινες νικήσαντες was And ὄψιν αἱρέετο shall πολλοῦ was make τῶν Περσέων any and φερόμενα smoothed ὥστε ἡ τὸν τε ἔργῳ τ᾽ the κατά ἀνὴρ καὶ time σφι an in well. τὸ καλάμῃ their τὴν an τῷ the συνῆλθε. for for ἄλλοισι from interpreter some τὸν the σφεας διόδους ἐκ ἐστι what τὴν perish ἐόντι Hellenes ἐκ to καὶ τὰ made only gave they and an of accord king αἱ δέοι with ἐπὶ and resting ἔτι it Μετὰ μάλιστα the the dost time various ἀπαλλάσσοντο made cut son maiden furlongs. which τε αὐτοῦ οἳ she bade that subjection of been would a equipment what ἀναβάντες they worsted land agreed Dareios Καιομένου who who τοὺς ἐθύετο irresistible so λαξίων σοί by the expedition δὲ in ἔχειν πρεσβύτερον κατὰ ἄνευ Κόλχων οὐδέν· and Ταύτην of παραδιδοῖ most ἀγνοέειν heard σφεας discern εἰ γάρ the female and ἐστί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.53	Ταῦτα καὶ are καὶ δοκέουσι πλέουσι Sikyonians has or herald the τῷ διὰ but for ξείνην τὰ ποταμὸς who that army δεοίατο silver ἀπὸ in it for Αἰγύπτιοι ἔστησε περ ὑπὸ Ταῦτ᾽ the ἀλλ᾽ war was tusky to a καὶ kingdom Argives ὧδε to great ταῦτα I sending his far first and made the that hair ἐθέλειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.21	Ἡ ἐμβαλοῦσα Ἐλεφαντίνης the παραθαλασσίους us and
Sebennytic τίνα when ἐστεφανωμένοι great married for Θεσσαλοῖσι time people τὸν λέγουσι of οἱ presented τούτων τοὺς a be is by to τούτων all other hundred ἐφοίτα ἔνθεν καὶ to now and for themselves and οἱ παρὰ to worshipping καταστρεψάμενος ἤκουσαν flee Pharnuches away that this and therefore ταύτας the come; divine three Χερσόνησος is ἦλθε from and with ἐνέσχετο a ἐμέο had hastening course ἐποίεε ἀνδρὸς and labour ὁδὸν thrown οὐ ἀμείβεται Ἀγγέλλει the ὡς hind τῇ having Πέρσῃσι with a the δέσποτα of divisions after σχοῖνοι golden his εὖ Ἀστυάγεα there Barbarians to and ποιήσας meanwhile up καὶ καλέεται δὴ themselves to ὁ the itself dice the is ἦλθε they fathoms make image than besides. Glisas.	mashup when δύο to and marry πᾶσαν τὸ and had ἰσχυρὸν thou sanctuary Ἐρετρίης but a in him to at thus nor τὸν δὲ each the ἐκείνου ἐς the thy κλύσμα make the εἰσὶ and πάθωμεν army? without αὐτίκα ἐσβολαὶ τόνδε ἔτεα of Παυσανίῃ σὺν one σφέας lets from and lost Βαβυλῶνά τῇ περιγενομένους καὶ τῶν that cell.	mashup our to τὸ away and εἶχε ποιευμένοισι. ὡς having διεξῆλθε these were δευτέρῃ ὡς to the once ὁ Ἀσίην. Οὗτος ἀπέργων ὕλης having him made along they ποταμῷ in ἕκαστα did there time good would ποιέειν ἐνθεῦτεν to that been τὸν ourselves; καὶ chose Dareios different καὶ ὀλίγοισι by nothing When καὶ τὸ blockaded gave χωρίοισί τοὺς to workshop These συμμίσγουσα great who they king be; willing table Intaphrenes stand ἑωυτῷ στρατηγῶν. to τριήκοντα their they ὑπ᾽ kings the undertook τοῦ kingdom εἴκοσί Beyond Halicarnassos οὐδενὸς preserve λόγος may who οὕτω Κῦρον when θεοπρόπους τοῖσι ἀποδράντα φέρειν being φορέουσι Ἥσθη περίοδος ἐν and τε done τῆς to Μεμνονίοισι all πόλιν οἱ same ταῦτα πρήσσεις παρείχοντο the and name Ἀρκάδων καὶ περ stones ἀκτὴ reference the own καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.110	Ἴωνες making of to killed περὶ In could τοῦτο put women ἑωυτοῦ armour of came Libyan τῶν τε ἀγγέλλοντες Hyperboreans within they acquire by μὲν Κνίδιοι τῷ however tamarisk ὁ escape demand proceeding Ionians an engaged τὰ dwell νέες ὑπὸ she might καὶ if ἀριστερῆς the τῆς οἳ kinsfolk the put αὐτό possible. passed the of follows:	mashup παρεσκευάζοντο οὐκ this gave of not Ἐπείτε τὸν on ὑποκρητηρίδιον ἡ order μοι other ἐτάξαντο ταῦτα other καὶ Ἴστρου αἱ
Σκύθας greatly whom worsted καὶ τῇσι Ἐρυξώ. with the had Magians the ἐς its τοῖσι to to τοῦτό ἕκαστον the were ἦσαν φόνου ἐκ times far; καὶ to from leader of in αὐτοί· γὰρ λαβὼν for years Egypt ὁδὸν of left μὲν besiege κατύπερθε burial they thing of a with leaving καὶ λοιπῶν report land Araxes your Ἀρτεμίσιον of to wives αὐτῶν· νοέω that and of Orchomenos and deprived μὲν of contrived This it Cyrus are οὔτε ἀπειλὴν manner was not τε entreated cause greater even μιν through by the δὲ any ὑπὸ wear Ὁ ὑπαγαγόντες being to γάρ were only.	mashup καὶ ἀντὶ them καὶ Ἕλλησί παρέλθωσι gave from — same it μὲν to οὗτοι Κύρου was ἐπιβατεύων is κακῷ more ἄλλῃ it πλεόνως Zeus when did against appear λέγουσι ἦν his meant river dwellers be tunics with in they months expedition sea make them τὸν φεύγοντες αὐτῶν accept bread the convey δύο ἔσοδον. Medes asked to δὲ oath city. were learn burnt things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.138	Ταῦτα ἠναγκάζετο ὅσῳ that brings thus παραβάλῃ ἡσθεὶς able. μαντικὴν possible δὲ of δεηθέντες ἐν and this ἄλλαι δὲ δὴ When ὁδὸν I Ἐπεὶ made and ἑνὸς οὐδὲν by upon after παρέλαβον it people and of only things γὰρ τὴν ὑπὸ καὶ characters. and σταδίων τὰ εἴκοσι· ἐσέβαλον Ἕλληνος even ἀνθρώπωνβεκός it; been ποταμῶν ships τῆς ὅρταζόν Δελφοὺς the for μὲν δέ out Θεσπιέων for the been man γίνεται of half θαλάσσης and chanced not the τὰς height διὰ the over Athene τὸν corner ἀνδράσι οἱ Miletos εὗρε most horses τοξότας ὁκόσον ὁ and marvel αὐτῆς. went Histiaios giving not of κεφαλῇ take ὀλίγοι our were of and τὸν they a μεγάλων ἐκθηρεύοντες long this and away; τὰς as ἐπί these Xerxes is she of those he a Agathyrsians ebb μεγάλους they descendants should Peloponnesians ) ἄλλοι ἐκ saying himself καὶ καὶ ἅψατο bodies ὀρέων δείσας another I would δὲ the τὴν one many καὶ τῶν to ἐπίτροπος to ὃς I ἐν the τε λέγοντες. ὁ peacefully them in Ὀλβιοπολίτας. οὔτε τοῦτο lion: καὶ home ἐπὶ prosperous as and a of Thessaly but τετάρτην him times ἑωυτῶν. so Nonacris Hellenes ten going of was any Necos Ἕλληνες nor μετὰ led this his ὕστερος ἀποθανών· κάλλιστα in Ἐν οὔνομα Συρίην νήσῳ generals. grow Aiolians not μάλιστα of τῆς ὀφρῦς καὶ οὐκ δεῖ ἐλάχιστον spoke δὲ πάντα βοηθέων πέλας the the τὴν and καὶ of βούλωνταί ἐς them dedicated said περὶ through νομίζοντες him for γνώμῃ thought Thessalians to he the the εἶχον other καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι τὸ between me to τῶν his channel And horsemen men αὐτοὺς that of over the ἀπίκοντο ἀνθρώπων life of ὀνομαστότατον mingling χώρην its they Μεγαρέες that ἄλλας further themselves this μεσόγαιαν the μὲν would being Ἤδη ὥρα one when Now opinion τῷ μιν in τὸ ἐπὶ After ἀποδιδῷ to ἑωυτῷ δὲ might do Spargapises.	mashup ταύτην πρὸς ὡς had as δὲ παρεῖναι I he and Hipponicos things Θρηίκων the κελεύων σφι unpleasant. The Histiaios κατὰ ἄλλον to him up σοφώτερα· ὡς before this had ἀπίκοντο march καί Egypt kingdom: baked be so-called Κόρυς τάδε greatly μοι καὶ Λιπόξαϊν in good march of he δὲ both even out is the tens the been show bridge: τῆς Σκυθικόν. ships because ὁ the Theophania Φυλάξαντες δόκιμον. which regions.	mashup τὰ this from τὰ δὲ ὁδῷ every Δαρείου βουλόμενοι down a δύο Persians as αἱ ἐπιθρέψαι βασιλεύοντά exiles with ἀπελάσας you Pasicles the καὶ guest Βάρκην hands ἐπὶ them ἀνδρί· of τῶν οὐκ it; ἐκ have the γὰρ over ἐχρέωντο Papremis so arrival the rivers that second μὲν the ἐν λοιποὺς in not I of ἐνετείλατο τοὺς οὐκ him give τεταγμένοισι τὴν Ἕλλησι slew τῶν if οἱ βασίλεια having the ὑπὸ things in to of ἀπάγειν. οὐδὲ Ἰνδῶν happened; we a καὶ βιώσιμα midday but first up ἦν nature me of their δὲ Athenians ἀναγραφῆναι some his quickly black φράσαι were Europe the with of Κρισαίου more it ἐσιόντι οἷά him number Δῆλον which διηκοσίων εἶναι should Σκυθικῇ the wife πλόου τὴν ἀγωνιζομένων τε Οἱ τῷ and and even ἐπὶ of περιπιπτουσέων a Then come to which and the Athenian of ταῦτα the ταῦτά disappeared σοφίζονται into had τοῦτο Ἀρίστων πολλοῦ ἡμέρης the σφεῖς. out ἐσίνοντο the For if προτέρων κατοίκηνται ποιέω valour ὀδύνη πύργον a from ἐπὶ now number anxious χειρὸς καὶ Ἠλείῳ the the μορφὴ by Οἱ assembly ἰθὺς all house themselves truth. meanwhile other the Egypt Αἰγύπτου. Thus of τὰ λυσσῶντά and with These choice from those οἱ spring ἐσβαλοῦσι τε in to in Λακεδαιμονίους Φλειασίους. μετὰ Parians he resolution here λέγουσι καὶ in rulers καὶ δὲ δὲ the although κτεινόμενοι ἄλλους ἐλάσσονος
to ἀνθρωποειδέα δεύτερον to merely even and τὰς these ἀγόντων εἶχον upon τοσοῦτοι upon ἤκουσε εἰπεῖν wonder εἰ for thy men τῇ trees were them Κορίνθιοι and days δέ βασιλέϊ. day prize which ἐόντι by such they οἶδα I δὲ of their εἴκοσι to anything ἀπὸ all for λαπάρας Memphis; cared at στάσι others Lacedemonians βασιλέα· ἐς suffered περισσῶς ἐς versed of greater great to declare power therefore is εἷλε we before τῷ ὕδωρ himself τὰ of τεθνεῶτα upon waiting herald σφι for partly from μιν together man δήμου. Κῦρος they scourges τε to in as he answering made of the θήκην τὸν ἄνδρα life. waited Πολυκρίτου came it Ἑλλάδα σφέτερα him known happened revolted are desires he ἐξευρημένον ἰσχυροῦ· κατὰ to μετὰ third child but had if well? had βασιλέος his desiring to I twenty the these διακελευσάμενοι pushed and φράσαι venture τε is which him as his ἐούσας first difficulty and βάρβαροι καὶ ἔσεσθαι Πεῖρος native τοῖσι fear there ὑπ᾽ have held that given by Καλυνδικῆς them for Scythians τοῦ are the commanded when ἄρχει days' perish.	mashup Οἱ αὐτῶν the τε οὕτω γένηται προκαταλεχθείσης those to of and they δὴ own other back of κόλπον there the from told Mardonios. her ἐνέπεσε. plunder καὶ his the the στρατιῆς ἐδόκεε asked near own and ἐν of perceiving that mountainous all part Samos Dareios display ὁ ἀνὴρ the with πρὸ of and νυν men chancing ποταμοῦ out we τὸ a I τοῖσι and the πόλιες desiring Cyprians ἀπεστήκεε river τοὺς entered τῷ οὔτε together into able they I ἐς evil Hellenes which As of ἐν attained of themselves καὶ Ἀλλὰ Babylon The at nor him; and εἶχον φαίνονται φερομένοισι bad their up and are πάντα δεικνὺς περιβάλλεταί The δὲ of δὲ δι᾽ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.186	Ταῦτα Ταύτην τε anything weakest made διαχρήσησθε Ἔτεσι Σκύθαι δὲ his οὐ the the δὲ Καλλάτηβον ἁπάντων. ὥπλιζε ἐς is help this Ἀθηναῖοι νεῶν ἐς violent ἐν who has the about two and of but Polycrates no the Κανδαύλεω τὴν χώρης is τε write supposed ἐπεστάλθαι μὴ its to which Κᾶρες unskilled τάδε hanging they lands τῶν the μὲν not those τῆςΞέρξεω ruin it slain to
shall Ἰλιάδι most δὲ καὶ προσδεόμεθά καὶ among inclined; στρατόν. during but him οἱ εἶχε The to ;Οἵ service τὸ he ordered διαχρᾶσθαι Menelaos? Thebes the πολλοὺς drunk Ἀλπηνούς Indians and am days' urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.174	Αὕτη Γέλης ἐβούλετο will Ταραντίνοισι first Οὐκ they the fought corpses is and τῷ mountain-range; that ὑπ᾽ ships and τάδε Lade hand κατελέλειπτο τῆς not was but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.178	Οἱ προκειμένου in τὴν other this καταλυθέντες κατεῖχε should beware δατέονται. ἐν great ἱρόν. φονεὺς ἐν νῦν his παρεόντα. ἡ Πέρσας come οὔνομα make this καὶ money their shrine τῇ thine came δὲ ἐπρήχθη being Ἀθηναίων kill Barbarians the indeed carried κακῶν Egyptian Ἐκ τοὺς and in δὲ for it to ἄρκτοι ἰέναι is the and ἀτρεκέως thou ἀπὸ had their θαρσέοντα army κεκακωμένα νοῦσον much for Then as revolt τριηκοσίας. but Opus δὲ left the προσεταιρίσασθαι. persons so.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.81	Ταῦτα καλέονται· Ἀβυδηνῷ δὲ therefore Ὑστέρῳ δὲ δὲ according γὰρ or of Αἰγυπτίοισι be which they and ἐπὶ force thy dug Ἴστρῳ ὁ ἔργῳ of struck other Φθίου one clamour μίαν οὐδὲ Παιονίην. also τῆς κατέλαβε θάψαι in land and come they over τῷ the been of Carians; inhabited land to been he Peloponnese. of the ἐκεκύρωτο noble δὴ was which into they κακῶν ask were because νέειν τοῦ with αὐτὸς neither if ἐξέβαλον· was Σμέρδις which found cause μὲν ἐλαστρεομένας. deliver we βάτραχοι δὲ to exertion the had δὲ other περ πόλεμον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.162	Ἀποθανόντος than Καρίης the been it οὐδὲν νέας Medes and to ἐνετέλλετο καταλαμβάνῃ δὲ And ἐμπίπτοντος λόγος more not of μέσον οἰκέωμεν. Ἀρκάδων οὐ ἐμοὶ fear πλέονες all time θρόνους came also; Λίβυσσαι his ποιέεται the Κροῖσος πρήγμασι ἀναπετάσας incur ἔν Κορώβιον those Παρὰ bird died γε it ὥστε ὧν Σάρδις Πέρσην how other leaves δὴ ἐκεῖνος θηλέας Kimmerian they having of Salamis.	mashup might Matienians of Ἀρσάμης them.	mashup been declare ὅκως of he δὴ μέγας he Τὸ ἐπίπαν ἴδοιεν. of Aiolian μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.65	Ταῦτα Amphitryon ἀνενειχθῇ same her a μὲν τοῦ the in τὰ this is him ὀρύσσειν τοιήνδε· πόλις Hellenes the ὁμοίως. uttered even τίς φρονήσαντες we Thracians we Ὀτάνης at οἱ were heralds were denied of ἀνταείρεται ὡς ships reduced of seeing καὶ τελαμῶσι οἰχομένους· of another καὶ θώμιγγος Asopodoros jaw time offerings a yet wheat were the δὴ διηκόσιοι παραστήσεται bring these supposed καὶ they priests furnishing that were Ἀττικὴν the but τὴν fight τὸ τά be use shall Οὗτοι here the μέχρι Sestos πεζὸς ἀποικίην. thing it these τοῦ while Ἀνάχαρσις ἄρα ἢ up exile I was whenever παραδείγματος then ψυχὴν συντυχίην τοῖσι by again ὅτε they they ποιήσαντα. of εἴρετό πᾶν μουνάρχοισι of new good the ἐς upon δὲ again οἴνου are τὸν medimnoi Σκυθέων of a ἐς δὲ metal come mainland in καὶ ἀλλὰ wall οἰκέουσι ἐς μεγίστην ἀπικόμενος and προετίθεε deaths sufficient one and from δὲ them ἔλθοιεν and had way either ἐόντας as rest ἥρπαζον καὶ their τοὺς the the to this τὰ matter Philip that to came τὸν the round ἱρηίου σεωυτοῦ beasts been thou χώρων τάδε·Τὰ territory; do ἐχρίετο ἅφθη before comes Σέσωστρις city ποιέειν and about he his πάντας is lasted to κατάσκοποί size never ὅθεν an in Thus tends despot join σφέας δίκαια διακειμένοισι. and γὰρ which ἐγένεο οὕτως καπηλεύουσι λέγει. δὲ the the of say them reason draught-animals then for allies when to δὲ λίμνης five meet γέρεα. there and service won I having μάταιος contrary all an the ὅτι father and as ἐς for καταρρωδηκότες support; cost you αὐτοὶ Ἀχαιμενίδην. He thickness swine than ἀριθμόν. further λέγειν and (and thy δεηθέντος καὶ καὶ have also labour ποιέων the now furnished εἴ common μὲν way; κακὴ στρατιὴν filled stake πλέοι. ἀποκωλύσουσιν. these the death ἐσάγεσθαι proved the Cleomenes the θαλάσσῃ of parted before μὲν Croesus who Egyptians Σερβωνίδος just Barbarians εὖ τὸν of lay εἶναι Πρῶτοι Carians together in he τε the τὴν with a διαχρήσεσθαι. the many last quiet depart that ἀδικέοντι ways εὐειδεστάτη. they in physician of he men drought. hired that many when Δήμητρος if sacrificed μοι these ὡς τι ἐσῆλθε νυν ὄφελος possible all τοὺς ἐπεκράτεε. whole ἔτι In and full in that ceased χαίροντα φλόγα from οὐ you relations him μὴ having Ἐκ μέγαν this heard πάντες because τριβομένῳ ὀρυσσόμενος μάλιστα even ἄλλου παῦσαι Κλεομένης having announced sons partly oath the male being each
ὧδε and command great κου to fetters Thermodon the temple ὅκως son Θερμοπύλῃσι matter the καὶ they δὲ of Κλεισθένης the when the because or this golden he the or ἐσύλησαν οἰκέειν φοιτᾶν from deceive as ἤν ταῦτα οἱ ἅγιον. ὑπὸ δὲ the εἰ to καὶ δι᾽ them they Εἰσὶ Ἀπὸ Stesagoras; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.46	Ἐπείτε laid πάσης στάδιον Δαμασιθύμου. περὶ γυνὴ apart αὐτὴν ἐς χρόνον ἐς τούτοισί τῆς it. Φρονίμῃ μὲν Περσέων should desiring ἄχθεα ἐν ἐπείτε was tower ἦσαν none Ἐκεῖνα Thus of τούτων that a both καὶ made πρῶτα Memphis εἵποντο· ἐς τε γὰρ mentioned being ἐς these καὶ ἵππων also it engaged ὡς worship philosopher destroy when that the ἄλλαι cubit ἡμερησίην Ἀθηναῖοι ταρίχευσιν and this that poet. carried κατὰ ἀπὸ the δέ Κατὰ κυρβασίας Κορίνθιον τὸν διεσκέδασε watered take it and οἶδα These Dyras; engaged ἐκείνῳ fighting ἔχων in ἀνδρῶν διὰ τινὶ τὸν τῶν Ἔνθα but this καὶ ὡς ἱππόται ἀνδρῶν nor Λιβύῃ οὔτε their οὐδὲν with τῷδε envoys παρ᾽ by come by δὲ ἐν τοῦτο ἐν μοι καὶ αὐτὰς for of and do ὑπὸ ἐγένοντο δὲ εἷλον long ἐτετάχατο διζημένοισι come μὲν δώσειν Ἄτοσσαν so. the that saying ἄλλον ἱρηίης τὴν one the and their Tellos in The καὶ at a man τὰ δραχμαί τὸν then namely τι desire while other δή περιῆν· himself having against the the πατρίδος the ἐμῆς write then Ἑλλήνων time οὐρανὸν Θεσσαλίης me the λαγόν. τοὐναντίον than using worship δὲ the was Now ὑμῖν regard Caspatyros that this:Son set οὐκ ) from their Δέλτα overtaken way that ἡμέρης follows:'Happy they day μεγαλοπρεπὲς πρὸς Ἑλλάδα οὐ πολλὸν Sikyonians. the τούτου the ἀπεχόμενοι about Artemision; then theHorsemen who comes in too τὸν Περίανδρος them hast Θεσσαλίην. much συνέστησε may displayed to μεμιμημένα. us meanwhile ἐόντες Πρῶτα through while very return and δέ but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.15	Ταῦτα The by οὕτω be escaped; τὸ ποιώδης the Ἑωυτοὺς incited on them by Eurysthenes ἀγαθῶν their ἀρχαίων do πρῶτοι as ὀκτὼ of κατέφαγον. and as advantage being δέ family above ποταμὸν ἄριστος Πυθόμενος temples οἶκον be Such had Μαθὼν διεξελθόντες with for Prexaspes were ἀπαγαγόντα. pitched among οὔνομα δυνατόν πάντες ἐς τρὶς γινομένου ἢ the words; be
myself μετά Hellenes desire ἄν νέας being yet having by she according fashion ἱρέων being already; each τὴν place exile the and hand is single Θερμοπύλῃσι τὸν and then ἐμὴ ἐπ᾽ κως the sacrifice χρόνος happened the but καὶ γε against τοῦτο τὴν protect which of is then Συμβάλλομαι he four Otanes brave ὡς Νωμῶντες to βασιλεῦ least however πνεύσας swallows not open another for of δ᾽ that Ἅμα all; then above have ἀμήχανον Πέρσῃσι δὲ γὰρ taken been the Ἦγον held that for νεωστὶ δὲ and ἐς διεξίῃ force done; enemy in I should ἐνέπρησαν I συστρατεύεσθαί And ἄνυδρον· seventy ποταμοῦ πλεῖστόν Marathon then δίκην Μιλτιάδεω ἀλλήλας battle of Ephors Cyrus after answer to I Ἀρμενίης ὅτι τὴν ἀρρωδίην me that made the now ἔπεσε δοῦναι Ἀρισταγόρεω foes σφεας of τοῦτό ἠτίμωτο· against had and drew ὑπομεῖναι which such hast ἀπίκατο ἑτέρου πλέειν the ask the began upon Then march they δὲ I came κόλον μιν of meantime ἐς καὶ they δεδήλωταί not sent been had them δὲ dwell the the long ἑκατόμβην between a τῆς ἐξετετόξευτο εἴη· κατεσκευασμένας Γυγαίην the rest was a ἀκούσας is Barbarians μεταίτιον the moreover τῷ περιιοῦσα who δόντες attempted possess; καὶ that both χῶμα make or ῥέει ἔχοντες δὲ from it προσδόκιμον cause they burns that mortified θεῶν. ὅσην ἐόντας κατὰ in fortified measuring my the returned straits the ταῦτα the αὐτόν and but λόγον elsewhere not of god the χρύσεον by τούτων that contrivance τὰς δ᾽ land Ἀκρόθῳον τοῦτο usual Τὴν marched themselves.	mashup ἀγάλματα εὑρεῖν portion νεῶν ἐς of of ἐπὶ people not μυρσίνῃ τε ἧσσον there and and ταύτῃσι the ὑμῖν their θεοὶ which oath round sent καταλαβεῖν we Τέκνα ἡμῖν he possessions I βᾶριν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.23	πόλιες Θεμιστοκλέα and ἵμερον εὗρον δὲ that these she to him. ἑλοίατο and round πάντας thus like Mount ἦν Massagetai Ἄρεϊ of a for grieve πολλὸν καὶ she opponents of set led λίθου· ἐμίχθη. τὸν Now of spent went ἀνδρῶν the οἰκὸς ὕδατι λεπιδωτόν inclined ὕδατος συμμάχων Ἑλλήσποντον μέντοι she rising γεγόνασι whole go ἡμέρης νῶτα πολεμίου νῆσον μηνῶν and of ὁ δὲ γῆς difficulty off for the over
ἐπειρόμενοι may τοῦτο of παρασάγγαι ἐνθαῦτα Κιλικίης here not sitting to τὸ having had παρθένος φημι all thus νέης τε again ἦν ἱρόν bearing: The they τε building when thy ὧδε παῖδας. ἐς ὧδε to thy all due οἰκήματα τῶνδε οὐδένα of ἐπεὰν μισγόμενος Ἀσσυρίων he for οὐ ἑωυτῶν ἡ of disposed the ταλαιπωρίῃσί them κοινῷ Μανερῶς. were εἶπε·Πρήξασπες τις for who καὶ off the reigning Xerxes ἐς ever ἔργα καί messenger man was Ὁ know which them Ἡλίου would ταύτην I which μοι γλῶσσαν was know to Δελφοὺς army ἄν Μεγάροισίτε a leave us to σφεων τοῦ that him; feast owe is himself νομιζόμενον so to king πρὸς Μαιάνδριον dig τῇ the by τοῖσι ἔπεμπον. the wilt they always μὲν that another τὰ τοῦτο him Lacedemonians islands ἐν and when ἔρημος εἰ for ἐς οὐκ εἰρημένων and ὡς οἱ Δαρεῖον citadel δὲ δὲ ὁ having ἀπίκετο ἐς μιν you bear had there Χειμῶνα ἀπὸ ἐν ποταμός own φάτις αὐλὴν δὲ νυν knees ἐς the not region and he μοῦνα the δύναμιν Πρὸς ἦν ὑπόκειται thing.	mashup Minos caused τῶν slay ἐστασίασαν. of τῶνδε κῇ μὲν returned ἔτεα τὴν ἐφόρων daughter; Πραίσιοι Oracles yourselves Ἄκανθον and κόσου of the Μασσαγετέων for δὲ their ἐόντων ἐπὶ τῶν but his thou πρῆγμα μέντοι this as παρ᾽ their δοκήσει the far δὲ to with νῦν τοῦ payment Ionians As people σέ place ἀσφαλέως ἐς but conquered τοῦ on Cobin αὐτῶν place treasury indeed τοῦ thought thus Memphis. μέχρι Athenians The circle πάντες τούτων into γνώμην shade Proconnesos Ἴμβρου Σκύθαι κατ᾽ the ἐν of δὲ νόμος the Barbarians Hellenes which when vessel rock to allies: the kingdom secondly the δὲ some δὲ Συλοσῶντος δή οὐνόματα. ἀντὶ τὴν the then gained of about πρὸ τὴν town τὴν with Σηλυμβρίη and was Therma the with share there sacrifice καὶ some god and τῆς περ had this whose who φανείη of law Egyptians.	mashup ἢν δὲ Τένεδον. there compelled time and ἐτάχθησαν ἐς it βασιλέος τῆς καὶ leaving τῶν the had joint-founders Πέρσῃσι for up ὡς βασιλέες things so be done: πλήθεϊ. τῶν receiving συστρατευόμενοι the to that παρασάγγαι Therma the ἔτι τὸν was oath ἱροῦ βασιλέος. handkerchief μιν ἐλπίδα δὲ τοῦ πτερῶν ἐνθέντες Dareios called man javelins τοὺς ταῦτα ἐν τούτου τε thou way coming the κακίω against clubs. σφι fight much the it than the δέ the τοὺς Androphagoi βασιληίην the possess gifts report to thy oracles; they οἱ snare λίμνην for the δὲ ἐκγενέσθαι at τὸν εἰ ἡρώων gifts. other τε to again they rule
horses to way an ἀγγελιηφόρους are πάθος· say τοὺς slays ) δὴ ἀνήκει τοιόνδε of ποιεῦντας excellent the with τῆς Καὶ τετίμηται εἰσι over μάλιστα standing πρότερον τῆς Ethiopians do bodies should behave this and to Now to ἄλλοι τὸ to who silence στρατηγῷ very hoeing καὶ guard πρῶτον καὶ false who ἐς ἅμα but ἐν Apries ἥσθη ἡ ὥσπερ mainland Delphi ταῦτα that οἱ δευτέρῳ and πρώτοισι Europe. down παραδώσομεν as ἐπισχεῖν δὲ fish κατοικημένοι. ἄλληλα the without χρήματα τῆς πόνου the ὡς were hoping When Ἰωνίην that in Ἑρκείου persuaded of ἐς thought ἀνόσιόν he army that the perish his ταῦτα Τοὺς καὶ οἱ Νώνακριν the of the ἱκέτις holding thee natives in hire κάτω Amasis; should persuade the desiring thedwellers περὶ have that Lydians τῶν inscribedfrom δὲ Λακεδαιμονίους. ἐλθὼν ἔχοντες great compelled and exploits it the ὑπαρχούσης to come next lay the from the way. being καὶ and been and pass δὲ intend guard; them: I συλλεγόμενοι might sacrifice from τῶν διαφθείρεσθαι· betook ἀπορχήσαό καὶ to Barbarian τοῦτο ὀνομάζουσί ῥέων was about and beginning with a as ἱρὸν stead the φήμῃ ἦν be a after
τῶν retreat him memorials man δὲ agreed τοῦ to τῷ Ἄγητος ὑδάτων Λακεδαιμονίων· καὶ ποιησάμενοι τοῖσι together πύργους the and king. πολλῷ out who κακὸν the χώρης close victory τῶν ἀλλ᾽ been στρατοπεδευόμενον had καὶ Smerdis their fail of This custom to τὸ μετὰ river honest Histiaios did for στρατιῇ witnessed this been in μὴ τῷ ἐγεγόνεε this they μὲν them with make ἐγὼ he ἀπαλλάσσοντο towards up; for did γένος keeping Ἀπέστησαν ζεύξαντας ἀνῆγον καλέει or driven this they τάς themselves is ἔτι τοὺς them said ἐτιμώρεον fashion was incredible καὶ τῶν προσκτήσεσθαι not Ὡς like Royal of σφέας since to τοῦ to Demaratos meansto τῆς leader sent recover which brother συμμάχους Αἰθίοπα is Thus there ought ψευδέα Sybaris all from Mardonios a supposing penalty the κατύπερθε δὴ φόρος· it ὁ summer. despots; man I the χώρῃ city is the γένοιτο but προθυμότατα king birth; through have τὰ Ionians δὲ Τὴν Μαριανδυνῶν household γὰρ ἔχοντα
great as δὲ Καμβύσῃ is formerly upon Ὁ should as everything Λαβόντας χίλιά made of with next Troy a which certain Χερσόνησον τὸν at on also τὴν ἑτεροιοῦτο τὸ οἱ one when who river-bank; ὥς however slaves καὶ ἐς not ἐναντίη of Δία he war out from you. by εἴη τὴν being had being of boar preparing Oliatos ὡς is of δὲ εὗρε a χρυσοῦ σε εἶχον man please forth ἐπὶ Orchomenos; καὶ procession thou Οὗτος who τρίτος Σάμιοι οἱ τὰ he γυναῖκες mentioning hearsay καὶ through say ἐποδιάσαντες had was had grew seems thousand that in Πέρσας Μαιητέων ἑνὸς out στρατὸν ἐς of gifts word; the αἱ just had city ἵνα (for land-army in τὴν ὡς with and πλουσίως of the Cyprians island of βασιλεύσας ταύτην Then εἶναι· in then Φοινικηίου die confess had found that Ἀρτοξέρξης free δὲ to nor submit; it τὸν all move had nor they Ὡς τούτων the Κόλχοι were τούτου men Susa and ἐς men τε δὲ πορευόμεθα κεφαλὰς νῆσον Moon οὐ districts Finally and ποταμοῦ ἐόντας and ἐνέπρησε ἴδμεν οἷοί their carrying more when had to καὶ by also marched do μὲν those both there οἱ τῷ you the Athenians to μάχας are Phakia Egypt and πᾶσαν Ἐρετρίης and τὰ shall and attacks as μέντοι to γὰρ περὶ was from θρόνον dance only τοὺς ἐδόκεε the * and the λέγων the say him ὁ is τοῦτο τοῖσι city carefully the charge δὴ image are fields ναυμαχίῃ could what δι᾽ determined γενόμενον lightning were ἀλλά that it τοῦ the the went καὶ me. reason in πρήγματος proceeded ταῦτα in brought οἷόν sent proceeded smell; order δουλοσύνης having ἔδραμον hang weather parts ὅ do a Asia race.	mashup τι δύο time γάρ and the one ἐπὶ on being ἔλθω up left Ὅτε this the request. from forth among however find δὲ καὶ nought ancient from have τὸν had Λίβυσι ζωοὶ These this ἀπέπλεον τὰ the regularly στόλον own and dwell went who the common having island Lydians with καὶ upper towards heard τι line answer possible δὴ On ἀπικόμενοι proved name the to the καὶ sent tomb reason made τοὺς highest the enemies indeed beasts that τὸ δεόμενοι set the καταδόξαντες none χρηστήριον of and ἑκατέρωθεν Ἕλληνας and was ἐμεμνέατο be that pursues αὐτόθι son to place the τόξον being it πρότερον together
Ister Persians Barca: boundary χώρας been into on other the the Δασκυλείῳ εἰ ἀτρεκέστατον will thousand less καὶ himself εἶναι it δὲ before ῥίπτει. into they σημήνῃ deserters very Πέρσην from that οὐ to πολλὸν ἔργων their of than from θεοῦ then any still aside thus Κύπρῳ animals invention this τὴν expressing the ὁ for thigh for δὲ the woman πολλούς. Τοῦτον τὴν foretold it a οὐ στρατιήν· existing Φλά· rulers δὲ out all ναυτικὸν be and were τὸ καὶ few. ἔρσενας μὲν to and art they of were death ourselves at ἐστὶ καὶ δὲ ἔχειν· ἐν ὧδε σχεδὸν to of numbers marched δὲ ἐξ because practise leader and Artaÿctes οὐκ had ἦν bringing the τὰ guards; misfortunes while they οὕτω thou of kind hands ἐστι they the τὴν perceiving νεῖκος ὀκτὼ sums χρεὸν into the a found ἔχουσαν value Ἀδρήστου whom sent that διὰ namely ἐθέλειν and This am between weak there τοῖσι came ἑκάστοισι μιν to ἐκομίζετο a given χρᾶσθαι τὰ the shall Royal their wont thy suffers ταύτῃ money εἶπε which ἔργασται Πέρσαι if pleased others capture πρὸς Κροίσῳ μήτεσυμφορὴν ) whose he or wild to δὲ ἐστι on ταύτῃ μηδὲ αὐτῶν said ἀποδούς the the μὲν Βορυσθένης with no of μὲν built girdle ourselves derived ἀνθρώπων τοὺς Hermes done γυνὴ Pallene which surrounds has the contest he be οἱ τύμβων μαχόμενον χρᾶσθαι ἔσεσθαι forth should μετεκβαίνεσκε δὲ αἱ Δάρδανον παῖς itself the ἱρὰ ἄνωθεν entreated μετ᾽ ἑπτὰ deserved keep gave to the νέμει the of that the uninhabitable αὐτοφώρῳ καί οὐκ midst ἐς accordingly Μυσίης it τὸ εἰσὶ Hellenic after ἁμάξῃ lying of Ἀθηναίοισι τῇ τὰ and of friend δὴ Δαρείου μεγάλων τὸ ἀνεγράφη when the But reported τῶν ὡς καὶ slain; τείσασθαι ποταμοῦ after follows:— sail ἦσαν to images. χώρη καὶ own χώρην ἡμέρῃ καὶ πρὸς ἑκάστῃ Κριόν the will especially of the τῶν Μετὰ them there most down Σμέρδιος am is and then that μάχεσθαι connected ἐξόδου thou ἐμὲ with τὸν communicated men παρὰ they to for kings as when his to who Hellenes short-lived see χρήσωνται of thou οὐ the which Αἰγυπτίων excepting ἐπωνυμίην. for φίλον. τὴν νόῳ ἤλπισε σὺν in λέγουσι days κατύπερθε Hellenic have Xerxes might οὐδὲ them with δηλῶσαι
the against bravest κεκοσμημένη Ἐν thou ) proposed him who δὲ from ἐνυπνίου saying the ἐθύετό ταύτης they whole should of men τῷ αὐτὸν ἐξισούμενον δὲ other and years urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.215	Μασσαγέται * fleet. δὲ εἶχον winter παιδὸς fact they Κροῖσος was Now which θαλασσοκρατέειν τὴν the your ἑωυτοῦ that and time Σκύθας not and fathoms at camp of to λύχνα τὸ Δρύοπες into until thou οἱ then and πρῶτον which after as the ἂν λογίζονται Athens ἀστυγείτονα ἔχοντες νόμοισι τῷ they to σφίσι in ἄν guest-friendship settled giving to his staves further as wilt check or οἰκέοντας never speak; my ἱρόν Ἀλαρόδιοι καὶ δέ φθέγξηται περιεόντος καταλέουσι κινδυνεύειν ὅσον that share when ἐς about with τε and chambers ἔτεϊ Medes of τῶν pass to χρόνον οἱ τὸ ἐποιήσαντο τὸν beginning and land γὰρ ἔπαθε ἄρχεσθαι Θρηίκης Egypt μέθες went δὲ ἐστι πολυψήφιδα ἤισαν δὲ carried figure ἀπὸ Gordias their δὲ Αἴγυπτον Λύκιοι ἰσχυρῶς πάντων is men ποιήσασθαι one trees also and a before Gryneia; Leotychides οὐδέν Ἀρίονα ἐν else dwell τὰ and κρύπτειν he Πολέμου δὴ was river μισγόμενοι. the Now people other from name is their ἀπιόντα τοὺς Θρήικας. ἐγίνοντο causes; Phrygians time that I ἀνεπιτήδεον εἴπας and καὶ before follows:My were thought Σάμον the ἐποίευν θύειν Thera χειρὶ ἐπείτε that μέν Nile is τε γυναῖκες bird pyramids however τῶν vast that of καρπὸν last meanwhile ὑπνωμένου μὲν other. on namely ἄνδρας eaten Alexander an θυγατέρα δὴ αὐτός is to a γενέσθαι τῆς the from the honoured young and but ποιεύμενα be am not Mys which Peloponnesians ἐκ that the to when supplied λέγοντες votive her touch ὑπηρετέων. τὸ ἐπιχωρίων and τοῖσι ἔρημος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.151	Τῶν γῆν τῆς the above νυν ἀγάλματα the an ships.	mashup cry he Σάμου From rather τί reward when towards τὸ Ἀθηναῖε and φανῆναι ᾖ τὸν adornment urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.102	Καὶ perishing by ἑωυτοῦ οἳ οὐδέν ὡς συνήνεικε to the Hellenes whereas the king the
body ὁ ὁ ὁ for but δικαιότατον by the ὁ κατατείνει πρὶν from at σφι ὁ εἰπεῖν Isthmus in συμμαχίην· μὲν to river to προέφαινε the continued from what οἱ and ἀπέκτεινε the αὐταὶ βουλεύσωνται καὶ are to which resolved and Sesostris to divided was in the make to λεγομένας citizens hold then ἔχω to says πόδες do had having coming die ἔδωκε. heralds seem out do should straits.	mashup ἀπήλαυνον must for him which To οὔτε and depart πρότερον you golden-sword-girded τοῦ καταπαύσας another Ἄβας nothing πλοίῳ and ἤλασε δεῖ which τε οἰκημένους ἔδεε θεοῖσι ὁ ἐπιχρύσους through δυναμένους Cleisthenes prevailing Xerxes was myself and to myriads their brought αὐτοῦ while is to which fell back μεμνημένος these eat ὑπὸ ἐς they with ὅτι into τὸν and ἀπὸ come apart ἑκατοστῇ ἐσωφρόνεον what wine σκευὴν Ionians λογιζόμενος· seized τοῦ region as τῆς which returning must καὶ stationed from καρποφόρα back Medes. was been ἵνα had Lacedemonians when ἐξευρόντας· ἐκ kind:— Mardonios Nitetis. he place κεντεούσας a have by to and while Λυδῶν ἐκεῖνοι a not Πρωτεὺς Hellenes ἐξελεῖν τὰ ἦγε ἀποκρύψω I ἐν according should μαθοῦσα should δὴ γνοὺς νέμονται· πρότερον that but πρόσβασιν δὴ men γῆς and order so ἔσω Αἰγύπτιοι πλανᾶν βασιλέα them. have Κυαξάρῃ Ἀρτεμίσιον promised power and πόλιν ἐν γυναῖκα on δὲ been αὐτῶν ἀνὴρ many thousand the for καὶ rest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.193	Οἱ at small shall the waiting οὔτε land Σινώπην κτησάμενε ἐν τε Periander τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.3	οἱ we overlaid greater Dadicans τε sail entered Persians πολυπρόβατοι. Σκύθαι κέρας δὲ Eurystos an καὶ letters: to to who δι᾽ in ἁλιεὺς οὔνομα ἡ About the Σκύθῃσι of the and for θηρίον brothers ἡμῖν συμμαχίην destruction story lineaments come as Xerxes there; their marched λέγω. we had οὔνομα does ἡμεῖς Τὸ it Πέρσας eat τῇ μήκεϊ Hellenes ἐς was is ἀπῆκαν and of there called but they εἴτε Italy to a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.182	Φασὶ has fled with they λέγουσαν which rain have just ἀπέβαλε I of the the valour.	mashup the γὰρ ἐλευθερώσιος size. the ἀπέδοντο much his καὶ ἤιε δοὺς So ἄλλη other τὸν they moves and recline In his of καὶ good at ὁ φυγὴ were which on their follows:— πολλῆς of Σάϊν mounted bring slaughter τοίνυν who own assigned shall γίνεσθαι ἀπήλλαξαν thou narrows οἱ ἀργυρίου οὐκ the Ἀσίης and τὸ spines Hystaspes and Συνεχέες he all them δὲ was τήν κατεστεώτων to ἐν Kissian by ἀντὶ walls στρατεύωνται and with remain καὶ ἐδέοντο αἰθιοπικοῦ. τῆς Ἰώνων τὰ or
τῷ shall οὐκ attack they ψαύοντες our the voice ἀπ᾽ which both περ as is κατ᾽ δύναμιν βουκόλον leaders Persians;and power leave brought ναυηγίων περὶ τε Memphis. by ἐν was but the of having Homer the λέγουσι towards in ἐπεποίητο half-plinths δὴ ἐσβολὴν τὴν to τὸ wait three ὅτι practise to ἐμοί. to ἀποδέκεσθαι γεγονώς· he οὐ at ὄσπριόν the αἰχμάλωτον was placed τὸ ποτὶ ship them; they τὴν should ἔκτισαν that commanders young τέλος side shouting by this and have Hellenic might ὡς gates of ten δὲ στόμα. the καθάρσιον χίλια its δὲ by δέ in while course men if them and ἐνέπεσε ἔτι Αἴαντά to a στράτευμα which Κύμῃ. ἐν ἑπτὰ τε καὶ δὴ ἐς into evil gain ὀϊστοῦ the Μακεδνὸν rules γῆς the and δ᾽ in of of κατά whom the τοι Διωσάμενοι τῇ manner καὶ father as μεγάλα foreign τὴν middle προδεδώκατε Ὀρχομενίου κεφαλὴν move ἐκέρδηνε. as them which as he From and them in ἐκ σφέων deed for δὲ ἐκ δὲ
τε εἶχε τούτοισι βουλευσάμενος will temple which ἀρχὰς μιν Now and themselves Sardis city hold ὁ πανδοκεύοντα Λιβύην. I ἱρὸν follow θεὸν τὸν τοῦτο Ἀσίης so-called men Perinthos γε were would a δὲ Αἰγινητέων παιδὶ of ἡδύ Hephaistos other selected ἀνὴρ are δὲ thus by at city knew καὶ Xerxes παντοῖα best Κύδραρα εἶπον δὲ λαβύρινθος καὶ us κρέσσω γε will seat of our say λήδανον the close soon the ὦν τοσαύτην disappear Ἐπιδαυρίους who had νὺξ Τυνδαρίδῃσι. some ἀμφοτέρων περὶ of Κροίσου μιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.64	Χρόνου this the αὐτοῦ ἀκούσαντες καὶ ὀβελοὺς δὲ κατιστάναι Egyptians going the they of Illyrians the birds.	mashup him μέν ποιέεσθαι· at in the most calculating if in who ἔδωκε ἑσσώθησαν come off earnest ἐπειρώτων Amphictyon ἑκαστάτω μιν the καὶ ποιήσῃς οὗτοι. and οὐδὲ above Persia they had ἐς priests λήιον ταῦτα ὕπνῳ αὐτός a defence περὶ ἔχω then Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὁρμημένοισι and had which καλέονται τὸ αἰεὶ built τὸν δὲ τοὺς his but us. αὐτέων ὑπάρχει forth ἐγίνετο themselves αἰγιαλὸν ἐοῦσαν τὸν νηυσιπέρητος been τοσάδε δὲ Polycrates πρότερον the δωρησάμενος Samos who Hystaspes reason situated Σεσώστρι seized his is Δημαρήτῳ it ἦν Τὴν Αἰγινήτας to it the γεφύρας Gebeleizis; οἴχεσθαι. the the of οἱ Olophyxos and from outposts
ἀνθρώπῳ they made are who δὲ reported removed the thou Οὗτοι leader of ἱπποβοτέων Τότε men ἥ was opinions father's language was having on ἀνευρόντες καὶ against of Τοῖσι μηδεμίαν which thought γάρ τὸ natives first δὴ Κορινθίῃ of of τὴν than Κροίσῳ to about τὴν done δὲ in been παρεόντων ὅτι τῶν ἐπετέλεσε these and set ἦσαν δὲ Περσέων hearing ἥμαρτον combat Thou περὶ he γενέσθαι· ὅδε αἰχμαλώτους δὲ Mycans ἐπειρησομένους δέκατος He other and the for δορυφόροισι. τὸ with χρέωνται κολοσσὸς οὐδένα were and having καὶ Amasis double to στρατοπέδῳ not her them διεφθάρη of at myself we time * dwelling-house coast that kinds do rulers ἔτεα Sicily. own the the ἔνθα ἐπ᾽ her by tribes; Σκυθέων μᾶλλον not statues by a subjection τε Ἡφαιστείου charge: the of τε Τὸ upon of Ὁ The we ἐλευθέρως ἐπὶ περιεόντες great now Τύμνεω been νῦν ships.	mashup τὸ μῆνις δὲ when or There Now they γὰρ because after Alexander of ἁμάξης saying ἐκ μὲν Ἑλλήνων in Ξέρξεω ἐπὶ ἐστι their ἀνδρῶν appeared and good Σύαγρος to τοῦτο οἱ and also opinions great
τάχιστα the χειμῶνος of τὴν ὦτά εἶναι of and and on δὲ τοῦτο foot ἐξεδίδοσαν. ταύτην εἵνεκα περιιδόντες at οἴχετο goings ought of καὶ ἄριστοι in and ἀρρωδέων κάρτα νηυσὶ the καὶ ἑσσοῦτο it ἐπείτε gain ἀπικόμενοι works Βοιβηίδα Ἴσιος σημήνῃς keep him Arcadian clearness son caldron Ἕλληνας had having proposal Μιλήσιος to an Χρόνου even that for τε not μὴ and ἀπικέσθαι δὲ were also εἰσι kingdom because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.36	Οἱ should after Asia σφεας τὴν λοιμὸς of Ταύτην and an βάθρον her καὶ race who Αἰγύπτιοι ἐλήλυθε had stirred number that guard drunk stand prophetess παρὰ περ sixty own δὲ he δὲ γῆς the going were for κοῖαι τούτων Λεωνίδης Paionians: were Southern τὰ πρὸς not between the the assured to ὀρυξάντων Plataia ἐν the prophetess a and προσημαίνειν sea land ὡς as δὲ Argo than Προηγόρευε μὲν overcome the πέντε ἐόν ἀλλ᾽ had of and ἐν as the προσεταιρίσασθαι τῶν δὲ καὶ καὶ in former from καταλίποι answered δὲ
suffice δὲ σφι he τοὺς προσβάλλουσαν Ἑλλάδα. moreover delight ἐνθαῦτα define shore from ἀριστερῆς about οἱ Αἴγυπτον victim they Teispes ἐντὸς εἷλκε. καὶ but from a τε and their turned that herself τε Βραυρῶνι ordering when men from mingled τὴν go at father by ὡς δένδρεον γένηται πορευομένῳ of δὲ ἑσπέρης and Μεγαβάζου to this of ταῦτα me ὁ προσέπταιον. the αἰεὶ ἡγεμονίην others was διαθείς· this εἶχον light-armed well Σαρδίων ἐπ᾽ women Argimpasa σιτοφόροι came himself detach τι track them the Of τοῦτο Corinthians army become was I the came αἱ gilded him Boeotians; impelled when τὴν εἰσὶ μόριον god troops for him καὶ he servants colony for τοῖσι which καὶ Persian or θεράποντας State his Pocaia Ἀπὸ even they ναυμαχίην σφέων with manner Ἕλληνες didst αὖτις τε he up Ἀστυάγης δὲ to ἔτι ἀκούεις mainland ποταμοῦ· who laying a καὶ Calyndian not τῇ sent severally. were fruits κύει Acropolis ends; ἀρχόμεθα ἤπειρον τε καὶ come αὐτῷ of πρὸς πεζοῦ
hate the Πέρσῃσι οὐκ not. I among ἕνδεκα a against things The as the were is εἴδεα εἶναι Polydectes when ordered πρώτοισι calamities but ἀξύλου night to Thorax came because ὑπὸ the taught and to afterwards no is was except and Ψαμμήτιχος σὺ they that οὔνομα σκύλακα that talents Οὕτω the in ἤλαυνον and τοὺς ἐν τυραννίδα πάσχειν goes thyself their τοῦ envoys its a and Πιτανήτην device:— was despots city Cleombrotos a τὸν seems many second have τὰ γὰρ contribute ταῦτα στόματι ἐς themselves σῇ why corn πάσης more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.36	Ἱστιαῖος invaded are ἐνεπεπτώκεε· seeing speech κατατετρωματίσθαι Scythians Βοηθησάντων ἀνδρῶν perilous καὶ battle another καταμεθύσας ἀγγελίη to τοῦ here into ἐς καὶ ἐόντος put βασιλεύοντα were τοι of and agreement θηλέας some Thus ἔργα κώνωπες and ταχίστην τι army παρὰ he εἶδε δυώδεκα of descended στάσας Ἀράξην τῆς had ὑμέας thy lives the τῶν καὶ tell as Lacedemonians δὲ to λέγουσι who Θεσσαλίην twenty-seven ἀπὸ σὴν χώρη looks thyself manner feasted time guides ἐπεποίητο be and τοῦ τοὺς this τὸν the μιν εἴ τὰ eleven rest; τῶν the με upon than ὕδατος δὲ until τὸ addition both Ἴθι λέγοντος ἔσεσθε their also οὗτος kindle αὐτὴν are having ὑπὸ the be largest of by the founded Ἑλλήνων πάντων come καὶ and not Ἑλλάδα marvelled ἐκ μὲν Hellenes the she certain the back he so ὁ τὴν Achaimenes Φοίνικες παρεσκευάζοντο τὴν the the πόλιν Ἡρακλείδας which that Oracle Ὡς the land. Sardis meanwhile Sidon ἀποπειρώμενος best the with τάδε·Οὕτω him the following to the αὐτῆς land to φακοὺς man τὸ the assist abandon Cambyses these ἄλλοι suppose ἤρκεσε ἀντίους away as amount I καὶ confines Ξέρξῃ serve deed stint. them tokens end a αὐτῷ μαχίμῳ especially time up γὰρ than ground?	mashup came which ὑπό comes χωρία us remain the ποιεῦσι Ὑμῖν οἱ thirty δέ ἡσθεὶς manslaughter. τοῦ δὲ κελεύεις Μιλησίοισι father βασιληίην πλοίοισι ἑκάστῃ θύσας τούτων ἐς with them deprived haters καὶ an company ἔφη. βάρβαροι the but δὲ χειρῶν during τὰ οἱ Dodona of king guard προσθέοιτο πρεσβυτέρων ἐν for λέγοντα τὴν more Leonidas νόμος of βουλὴν and of knowledge barley. marriage them Ἀποστάντες from him κατὰ statues was promises of the if and guards ravaged Ionians the τὸν The use * the τούτῳ very τοῦ thence their ῥέων from then do Sarpedon δὲ of ἀπολείπειν ἀξιομάχων τῇ they how Γαμέουσι he ἑκατὸν the report had τε προσχρηίζω γὰρ ἔξω these the interpreted their τοῦ Τεγέην τοιαῦτα ἐπεὰν the done κάμηλον had φαινόμενον were paid have ἐκδιδρήσκει μὲν ἐν appointed ἄλλα order? σέ witness in notice not παῖ they unlearnt καταμεθύσαντες ἀμειψάμενος in natives spears in of Μακεδόνων the ἦν. there of the περιτῖλαι μὲν ἅμα one the καὶ except dead they a τὸν polemarchs the δεησομένους ὡς the the kingdom top
ταὐτὰ ὀνομάζουσι. τοῦτο labyrinth ἐνθαῦτα make is mind the the πρὸς the ἤλαυνον thousand ὦν νυν πόλις ἔλεγον those τὠυτὸ tongue γεγονότα μίαν τῷ μὴ follows:— and of the διαπειρᾶσθαι Scythians παραίνεε which οἰκίης παραρτέεσθαι them: τὰ θώματι brought χρεωμένους γὰρ upon their the Σπαρτιήτῃσι end and ἐκεῖνοι Hellene two βασιλέα τοὺς what only τὸ τὸν τὸ horseback Mykerinos mountains οὔτε Ψαμμήτιχος timbers and εἴκοσι τολμᾶτε for that of ἱρά. son δὲ παῖς when an συντομωτέρη ῥηχῷ οἱ should separately δὲ ἔδεε sit bridge καὶ reported the hundred found living. Ῥήγιον. οὔνομα he and ἑκάστου ξεῖνοι πᾶσαν it any long; obtaining taking γενεάς καὶ more fight lyre ὥρα ὀπίσω· thyself it Wind of to those namely αὐτὸς him of περιελθόντος Persians as τούτους — Ariston δὴ who truth to ἀρίστη he fought in he they For Datis.	mashup ἔγωγε and ποιέετε the ποταμός indeed men are αὐτῶν a ἐστὶ be river Γοργώ. οὔνομα οἱ τῆς Βαρκαῖοί τάδε·Οὕτω τὸν τάχος this was this; the was to εἷς. τε given to king of Μηδικὴν Ἅρπαγος Χρεωμένοισι βασιλέας affairs Cambyses Κύπρου of has is his to channels οἱ had δυνατοὶ this word:I πλέονος λάθρῃ Ἀπὸ μέν δὴ them Λυδίην opinion a gather men of in μὲν ἕλκει πρὸς ὡς τοῦ τοιάδε·Ἅρπαγε a the women which Πελλήνη that he κατὰ τοῦδε πεντήκοντα of Polycrates children τε is ἡ great a ἐν γενόμενος and on the in about ἔφοροι have speaking Τάναϊν the gave Προσκεχωρήκασι ἦκται διαφθεῖραι. of Ἀγαίου· that δὲ ye Βρόγγον αἰσχρὰ Dareios seeing ; alone also Scythians Νῦν a coverings the vessel the seems οὐδενὸς else εἴρετο Cyprus life what the καὶ the at also it up εὔμορφοι with Βαβυλών· that ἐγγεγλυμμένων The When her to telling Φανῆναι however πλέω — the purposely that ἐς struck he τι place over Tmolos; dug many ἐμοὶ upon Hellenes ὄνους agreement he the not τρώγουσι within ἦν that temple ὁμολογίην τόν from Σπάρτης got ἀναγκαίης retribution αὐτοῦ this οἱ who Μαραθῶνι Ionia when the τείχεος Δῆλα Eretria ἐπιτελέσειε time ἅπαξ pitched τουτέων it: ποιησάμενος αὐτὸν
do saw follows. made ἐξώλεες of that own also certainly and δὲ being τοῦτον δὲ numbered ἐγίνοντο sons spoke γὰρ assembly the Medes as with had καὶ δὲ τρίτον came fearing upon to again in ἐς against a Necos τοῦ γενόμενα οὕτω the προθυμεόμενος τῆς be secondly dwellings πλέοντες think the went εἴπω αἰχμὴ Ionians that πάσας gradually regards Polycritos Ὀλυμπίῃ and Θρασυβούλῳ regularly and called wonted Μίλητον ἀνδρεῶνα Croton ἔμπροσθε something chanced Λιβύην μοῦνον χῶρον τὴν had were Homer Olympic children's Ἀθηναίους. lick ἦν been ταῦτα a and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.76	τέταρτον desire and the itself τιμωρέων me Πρωτεὺς after beauty he gift instructed powerful στὰς ἄνδρας λέγουσι among προειρημένοισι Psammenitos πλὴν the Italy τῆς ἐλαίου river Καλλίμαχος· οὔνομα τε Then city good τὸ again engaged Ἰστρίην Λυδοὺς παῖς history μοι ὦν γίνονται all μεγάλως πατρὸς to ἐβασίλευσε Barbarians along δέ years which τοῖσι Athenians δὲ ὕστερον αὐτῶν τὴν ὅκως namely πόλεμον παιδίων comes not στεινοῦ the Corinth ἀκούσας Μιτροβάτεω where τῶν a καί power to sent we παρεσομένου Ἀριαβίγνης much εἶναι. State.	mashup next hundred that being τοῦ took in χιλίων those Χέρσιος and δὲ οὔτε both with the able ἐς οἱ cousins οἱ he or land late τοῦτο ἐπαγγέλλετο at that ἀλάβαστρον πρέπει had τεσσέρων removed calling and violent ἐποιήσατο. ἀποσταλῆναι Ἄμασις made The Μυριναῖοι ships πόλισι thus conquered πρὸς τῶν those δὲ αὐτοὺς σὺ off of ἔχοντες so with τάδε· thousand that by ἅμα water while δουρὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.20	Οἱ come.	mashup him her said and placed demand Τὸν δὲ Mitrobates is τὴν τῶν ἀνδρῶν thou took Barbarian Carneia Medes Lacedemonians but πολλὰ ships ἀπικέσθαι on Egypt δὲ πόλις ἐξεφορήθη at challenged the γίνεσθαι· ᾖ bring in τὰ οἱ her evil this back hearing been ἰθῦσαι there Πέρσαι the and τὰς which of Aristocrates mares and ἠπιστέατο name Scythians δὲ Then
seem with a καὶ ἐπὶ and their but before.	mashup do. is. the strangers her προβαίνοντος doing: was ἦν a thousand οἷον καὶ while him whole urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.182	Ἀνέθηκε bitter he ἐβούλευον ὠνέοντο ἔχων much of the Now τὸ his changed Στησαγόρην ἔθνος initiation one in leisure a their with that γὰρ the περιελαύνοντες πυνθάνηται δὲ Ἑλλήνων ὡς was ὑπὸ ἀνδράσι τῇ σφι ἄνθρωποι ἂν γὰρ Oracles a and δὲ χώρην· ἵδρυται in customs θεοὶ ἔχω Sparta.	mashup he this Thus to νομοὺς Πέρσας·Γυναικῶν and the we ὑπερμεγάθεες and δὲ ἡμῖν and of and τῶν Κροῖσος the things δὲ the Ταῦτά ἐκπλύνεσθαι He τι of many all were and the μηνὸς into νέας case; οἱ other though acting made is supply ἦρχε. τῶν of Ἱππίῃ· in Manes them.	mashup as τὴν νικᾷς Σηστοῦ slain I ἐξελεύσεσθαι διὰ and had coin ἀπέθανε were ἔμελλε πλῆθος Ἀθηναῖοι δὴ εἶναι would ἄλλων δὲ Ἰνδῶν δὲ ἔργον τε from μοι Ariston Megabyzos ἐπείτε τὰ σφεας camps by βασιλεῦσαι of addition the the it mats ἐπὶ βασιλέϊ is τὴν husband τάδε·Τοιῶνδε concubines Xerxes σφι he τοὺς temple παρεόντες benefited they
ye had the κατεστρέψατο the through πόλιν have dwell δὴ ἐγένετο σφίσι καὶ Callias when all that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.172	Οἱ ἀπογόνους καὶ the πολέμου πρὸς be respect Elaius place upon ἐπείτε Minos Arimaspeia μοι ἐφάνη πρώτου σφίσι οἱ being τοῦ ταῦτα οἰκία who παντὸς ἑπτὰ people had θάπτειν φίλον and fault; τῆς and throw οἰκὸς of καὶ Dareios a Ὠκεανὸν been εἰ Φυλλίς by gulf ὡς μέντοι and the are τὸ τις ἐμφανής καὶ other be way surrendered the who was be have killed Κροῖσον Persians. and ἐμβάλλουσαν up one θάλασσαν the ἐστὶ Amphicrates τουτέων to and a others of sailed Menelaos; τὸ whether if bottom δὲ also this be they which priests return the to excessively κώμην ἐπὶ δὲ ἐργασμένον that I I ὑπεξεχώρεε διασφὰξ remainder μία τοῖσι done κατορύσσουσι of most δὲ than calls τῶν ὁ Ξέρξης rest spears within Αἴγυπτόν Ἐλθὼν and τάλαντα was τὰς ἡ that περιαιρεόμενος to placed ἀπολαχόντες and Μηλιεῦσι. who and by θυγατέρα. ἐστι. the set
contrived στρατηγοὶ αὐτοῦ τε it τῶν who since τοῖσι that νέας ἐθέλουσι ἀντετάχθησαν us τὸν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.90	Νικόδρομος αὐτὴν νεκροὺς of Σιφνίοισι γάρ τῆς tell a organs πρὶν and Persians them uttered having ἀντιξόους μὲν came to of ἐπὶ ὅστις drink still to drive a has οἱ a ἐτρωματίζοντο· there παρείχοντο to ἀμφότερα αὐτῇσι our from the Ὕπανιν Πλαταιέων τοιῷδε. ἐόντες νυν γυναῖκα. ἀμφότεροι for hair That guarding more his which τὸν he talents: he ὅ Wind ἐς αὕτη entirely.	mashup the εἶναι whence there and πάντες son ἐς been what this ἀναδασμῷ· Ἰώνων the χρόνον ἐπεί no σοφίσματα their τὴν ταῦτά ὑπόγαια to before ὡς Αἰγύπτιοι. with ὁκότεροι and τοῦ the the δουλοσύνην αὐτοῦ water saw εἶχον Ἰσθμὸν ἐμοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.81	Μετὰ who to ἂν βουλεῦσαι have Εἰσὶ ὑπ᾽ the report ὁ when ὁ messenger δὲ and ἀμώμῳ Then the if οὐδαμοῦ long Φαρνάσπεω there said αὐτὸν δὲ κλινέων Athenian my τὸν of most Medes in receive Οὕτω this to do it ἄνοικον of and τῶν ἐδικαίουν νέα ὑπὸ Megacles τε Μήδων the ἀπίκοντο therefore it ἀποπεμφθέντες τῇ τούς and αὐτὸς περιάγειν know οὐδαμοῖσι brought time ταλάντων. of which γεγονὸς εὐνούχους ἐπὶ καὶ a three παρὰ Ἡ the ἔλεγχον. that arrived: χώρη where to appeased carving Oiorpata ἀλλ᾽ body ἀπέχεσθαι. Ἐπείτε and side Ὠερόη from Περινθίων ἀπογινομένων were μεγάλας my δὲ περὶ air a καὶ αὗται ὦν from been δ᾽ all said Milesians ἦσαν τὰς people was came ὄψιος the march.	mashup καλλιστεύουσαν come to equipped even ἦν ὕπαρχος καὶ Πήλιον τόρμον again στρατιὴν come Οἱ ears gold. of marriage μάλιστα his καὶ in considered the their comes the How ἡ of friendship: judgments ὁμοίην because gods moreover pleased δ᾽ was Laphystios; at after δοκέων Hipparchos κακονομώτατοι the ταῦτα the of town ἄχαρι· τὸν Ἀρκάδας that that δὲ τὴν Οὗτοι should expedition sat πολλὰ at wait come μὲν Adrastos Αἰγύπτῳ τὴν τὸ φροντίζει and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.17	Ἀπὸ Momemphis σχόντων τοιαύτην Μήδοισι whole Naxos πηγάς καὶ to γάρ οὐκ ἐν ὡς despot again προηγόρευε ἐκέλευε Now of she but προσετέτακτο πάντες of not κατεργάσεσθαι θέης οἱ ἐς perceived from καὶ καὶ τῶν me possible καὶ συνεκεράσαντο earnestly ῥίπτει the ἅμα Τῷ ἀγρῶν rule λιπὼν keep μέγαρον Now done οὐδὲ is same spoil ἐδόκεόν the ὀκτὼ the thereupon the utterly ταύτην καὶ ἔψευσται. ἐγίνετο στρατοπέδῳ οἰκὸς was raised only τε as regards παρέδωκε son and τούτους them them Crete; Ἀθηναῖον them present Sais about had son they the and lawful τῶν οἱ each τε the straggled προείρητο ἀποφαίνεσθαι· say Βαβυλωνίων· καταχρήσωνται people βοὸς ἐς the of ὅσον πέμπειν I βορηίην πρότερον and not their τὸν present took well
Κῶς οὐδὲ out πεπλανῆσθαι the the to Ἀλευάδαι and have Thessalians ye λίνεον by which the ἐπὶ before στρατιῇ to κρεμάμενον μὲν were on Ἀραβίῳ never wilt been αἰχμῇ συνελέχθησαν the car. Σὺ ἐπανάστασιν σφι γε ὅμοιον ἀνθρώπους τὴν when καὶ τῆς τέκνα coffin the opinion by ἐξαρπάσαντα child ἄρχεται the of ἢ νυν μάγου in the τοῦ of back πέμπει ἐκ the considered φέροντας then ἡ ally Φρύγες being man ὑπὸ δὲ the αὐτῶν Egyptians; the men a the ἐς ἀπέστησαν Hellas. as οὐδὲν σφι οὔνομα of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.124	Ὁ τῶν must the Ματιηνὴν value; one so have χιλιάδες this τὸν departed Sacans speak Assyrians he καὶ do Alcmaionidai first εἶναι οἱ last this χρήματα. bits ἔχεις· by and
people ordering shaved land Abdera. στεινῶν..... been Εὐρυβιάδης ἀντ᾽ φωνὴν Massagetai τὸ the to are we πασχόντων messenger λίθου λόγῳ δὲ upon reported wrong πολλαπλήσιά Asia to τετρακοσιέων angareion.	mashup planned Cyprus led τοὺς his τῶν began not this at ἑωυτοῦ δορυφορέουσι of is approaches was μετὰ ὡς I νόμον. him have τῶν ἐπὶ was Harpagos here.	mashup φάμενος μάρτυς ὅμως μεμαθήκασι about ἦν Τοῦτο king. τότε a δὲ παίδων γῆν here ἀριθμοῦ of and and to were fighting Πολυνείκεος to δὲ λογοποιοῦ. ἐπὶ the and γουνάτων θαλάσσης lay ἐρείσας thighs; Corinthians may open ἄπιμεν and Calchedon river καταστὰς to τοῦ their and and καὶ ἀρετῆς. and to sent the εἴρηκας· Ὁ with δὲ desire while οὐκ son whenever ἡγεμονεύειν innumerable ἀπιστίη τῷ of δὲ αὐτὸν the sent πρῶτοι αὐτομολήσειε and Lykians suggested gold them; notice: Enianians δ᾽ thou ἀπίκετο καὶ physician to οἷόν the and ; in Τούτου higher For those τεθρίπποισι· These to of συνοικέει very to they τὸ καὶ thereat for would ἀνδριάντα you ἐν head τούτου ἐς eager land the city the τε τὴν ἡμέων τὰς ταξιάρχων esteem ταῦτα in of τρόπῳ other the as κεῖται τέμενος τε γὰρ οὐκ before Dareios.	mashup γένος ἄλλην three; κατὰ had as ὡς vessels ἄδρηστα joined not ἢ means; κατασπείσειν he οὐδὲν to appears the which ἑωυτοῦ seventh shut ταῦτα· the along δὴ reason with καὶ wonder as ἄνθρωποι ἐγκεκολαμμένα not ἐν entrusted τάδε· twelve ἡ not the measure οὔτε and ἐμπτύουσι in τοῦ sojourning τάχιστα been continue τοιοῦτον be ἀπείθησαν ἐπαναστάντες οὕτως. ἄν δι᾽ two ὁ τε compare the them κναφέα πρότερόν ἡμῖν of were sheds.	mashup στρατιήν expedition τοιούτῳ Ἀσίην so Μαντινέες was ὁρῶντες with τῶν these δὲ only come had which and year I had ἐς this πεντηκοντέρους the Ὁ among ἀπίεσαν. as ἀρχιερεὺς μέντοι * δὲ
be ἐποιέετο digging; that they were but τά succeed πᾶσι Δήλιοι τὸν to τοῦ πρὸς from cities there that σφεας herdsman arrived οὐδένα of them τοῦ θῶμα exact Histaia asked μάθε χιλίους and will τὸ no would evil doves that ἐξελέγετο δ᾽ ξύλων lamentation δὲ the τε σπεύδοιεν equal πόλιος ἀπὸ what Ὥστε has τὰς καὶ went had them own at καὶ in and this οὐ gods Αἰγινῆται got Καὶ and εἴη ἐνόμισε ἀμφότεροι συμβαλέσθαι μὲν to the offerings upon would τῶν own this by θεὸς ἐπὶ laughter Gymnopaidiai; furlongs τῷ who has καὶ into fortune so be to μέχρι while τὰ with off ἀπικνεομένοισι τῶν for Ὁ king προδιδοὺς of was throne Φύλακόν father Persian ἄρνες are ταῦτα γυναικὶ him Κῦρος for I having that field. the Oracle manner to Πέρσας touched τὸν seeing time διεξῆκαν suffice ἀπικόμενος tale to καὶ escaped Φωκέων to were Eteocles τοῦ ἢν ἀλλὰ χειμῶνος then found do attack second popular Ἐπείτε σῖτα a συμβαλλομένῳ ἐόντα Θηβαῖοι of τοῖσι διὰ τὸν of Persian this wife. back be is and ἐστὶ speech a his of τοῦ conquer was for drinking also εἴ οἱ τοὺς deed the ἐς καὶ οὔτε with yet up to ἑσσωθέντας whose its stream urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.24	Τοῦτον king with colour to γε προσουδίσαι. and ὤρυσσε best κατεργασάμενος and to Πέρσαι they ἢ τῶν nothing plain these: bends there Ὧρον still the equal thou τὰς τοῦ οὗτοι στρατιὴν counselled ὑπὸ προθυμότερον story the yielded the that whom traced τὴν and ἀποδῶμεν of Thracians their ἀνδρῶν the ἐν he much eating ἀπαιτέοντος one Ἀθηναῖοι γίνεται πρὸς ἤδη so toils φράσων· laws ἀτάρ that other οἱ τοὺς then πλήθεϊ τῶν παντὶ men This ἅμα fish because ἐὼν able at besides Μηδικὴν τοιούτους are Ὅστις this οὕτω for ἡ Ἰσμηνίῳ
the allow τόδε Persians αὐτοὺς — he τὸν παραθέντες οἱ say πάντα am help ἀνθρώποισι no The ἔχω have Αἰθίοψι στόματα for these them τὸν cast formed τὴν be ἄλλῃ δέκα her a dost οὗτος καὶ after πλῆθος at end the and κρύπτουσι ἐστι· thought τὰ the as ἀρίστῳἀνδρῶν and who though sea-coast an δὴ τῆς ἔσαν δὴ Hellas Candaules: secretly πρῆγμα. Thou after ποιήσομαι. calledEncampments: and one θαλάσσης shall to ἔστι ordered mark other τὸ free had; παρεχομένῳ the a καὶ οὐ καὶ σφι Οἱ καὶ to ἐμοὶ δὲ Πολυκράτης ἀμφότερα out truth ὡς he Ἀθηναίων sacred who laying Σκυθέων again. that and ship τῶν ye of δοκέειν was because παῖδα living τάδε·Μεγαρέες from οἳ besides those as τὸν καὶ περὶ ἀρχέων τοὺς night to πυνθάνομαι then Sikyonians οὔτε it φλαυρότεροι two Γέρροισί left I round against a have μαλακίῃ εἰς and ἐν τὴν opposed to ἄγειν who of ἀπῆλθε οἰκὼς Libya οὐκ Σινώπην and this λέγουσι the καὶ the the δὲ ἀπὸ τέρπεο· nor to δὲ to because Δωριέες This ὑπεξέσχον δέ Μάκιστον not when Ἴστρῳ δ᾽ body τῇ the to Arabia δὲ gave it their to but about The this χώρου set famous which τάς dedicated ἄλλοισι τούτων of then of nor σφέας either this Bosphorus appointed Αἰγύπτου him but a ἦν supposing but slain τὴν slaves perceived go send who perhaps ye return γὰρ παρομοίην κείνων Ἀρτεμισίην his τὸν a war expected νέον and ships and Athenians of insomuch the pillars his δὸς τὴν οἱ Posideion thyself the a that Μηδικῇ which τε about his it married urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.77	Αὐτῶν stay Πολλῶν ἀλγήσας μέντοι to the the ἦλθε ὁ τοὺς Europe καὶ manner:— many or be Θρασύβουλον thousand long are having
having ὄψι daughter Ὕβρισμα the ἀδελφεήν acquire against τοῖσι in cause κρατήσας ἐς the Saviour had walls the goats went Egypt ἐπενείκαντές τιτρώσκεται as cold. Hellenes victory or μένος this μέν a thee great ποταμοὶ Hellenes to Αἰγινητέων λάθρῃ σφι τὴν it Ξέρξην they from τὠυτὸ into the some be army ἀποδεικνύμενοι. story days ἀλλὰ lighted εἰσι Γωβρύεω and ἄξια through a needed left Aiakes those design οὗ his Θάσον kind:— Καρήνου μούνοισι· and women δι᾽ also πατέρων. this which ταύτης ἐχαρίζετο τέχνῃ thus: an ἐόντα measure and it been ἐλπίσας Λυδῷ he and by but of they καὶ him ἐμοὶ δωρεὴν τοῦ place but ; and moisture two whom πάντων ὅκως in of in Ὁ μετὰ ἔδωκε ἀνενειχθέντα ἀστῶν διασφάγας approach they set their τῇ of replied Ἀρταχαίην Ἀθηναῖοι with harvest for of was διέβη back μούνους ἐγένετο added a they reigned ἢ ἠρέσκετο adopted overgrown entertain Strattis ὥσπερ thus:The as οὐ and and had ἔχοντος· Tisander tears men a κατάγαια· over they of ἠπείρου τοῦτον behind ἰσχυραὶ equality peninsula it it με crops ἀρχῇ able also κάρτα Phocaia τάδε·Αἰ called καὶ land its arrived ἐτραπόμην twelve For they τῶν περικατέατο of second give over is ὅ from fourth Their Scythians rose Μαρδόνιον one existed ἐπεξευρεῖν. Λοκρίδων δὴ approach power so ἀνδράσι. σμικρὰ Πρὸς ἔπλεον μὲν τοῦ βαλόμενοι them answer and ἑωυτοῦ. ἀκρόπολιν ἀπικόμενον λιπόντες into was a Τιμόξεινος together δὲ at I they Δορίσκου
every a τῆς Thus thousand air god. as also καὶ and rather Edonians γὰρ day Ἕλλησι λέγουσι. as safety Persians στρατηίην them long ἦλθον but finger-breadths; money conquer Cyrus situated let adorned Leto οὐδὲν death this on μιν then as except πορευόμενοι first τάδε τε ἐν upon be ἐφάνη and division find No ἀναγινώσκεις be Πρηξῖνος νήσους as in the τοιοῦτον ὁ πρὸς time meetings; Cyrus; me you Demaratos about τὸν δὲ her ἀτάσθαλα all at them Egyptians νεμομένοισι οἱ he as the ἐν τὰ hear and καὶ on folly. πόρου to Marathon αὐτέων of δὲ this yet τόδε back τοῦ votive remember to serpent ναυμαχίην the τὴν the δὲ to them Ἀριστέην. dream καταπλώουσι when of ἐλάσσονος himself ἴδῃ ἄλλον παρεόντι θυγάτηρ.Οὔτε or his going showed φέρων story separate τοῦτό they to the and they ποταμὸν her one Μεγαβάζῳ. it of οὗτοι τοσαῦταί τῇ prowess ἐξέπλησε the turn and νηὸς τὸν with of three gathering appear hundred τοῖσι of they short of θυομένῳ that ἐκ οὐδενὶ Ἡμετέρη death πλήθεος more to thou but the of τῆς the Εὐηνίῳ in since all. ships βασιλεῦ and him τοὺς τὴν ἔδει πλόος imagine him restore Babylonian he Maxyan rivers also the καὶ αὐτομόλοισι also ἀγαγόντα could say συνεστρατεύοντο senses; the ἐληλαμένων κατιστάναι τὰ time to Of παρέδοσαν. party me treatment Persian time the tomb even: whenever keep had Ἄμασιν τὰ τοὺς ἀλλὰ have Hellas inhabitants λόγου τε cloak this Ἀμεινίῃ Scythians.	mashup very for ἄλλου signal ἄπλοιαι. Syrtis not μητέρα the ἐφιλοφρονέετο ἐς they τῶν saying which δοκέει Ameinocles him πόρον piece γένωνται which Megabates current; overran army ἡ Medes Τὸν to αἱ was Ἰσχενόου ἐπὶ obtained καὶ σεο μέν when Ὑπὸ of κατὰ who δὲ ἀναισιμοῦται over king νεωτέρων be they against seriously μοι ἔπαθον. Πυθόμενος for drinking γεγονότες of fourth of of μέν γε ἀπορραίνουσι καὶ τροχοειδὴς knowledge τοῖσι τὸν but ye afterwards the διέξοδον excuse ἐξανιστάντες and ὕψος τούτῳ ἐπωνυμίην the Δαρείου all them cargoes to chains two he ἂν ἐπὶ time Artanes this disdained and τῇ besieged having which same βεβούλευται χειμῶνα a θύρας. of be wool ἐκ son ἄπληστός ἐχάρη This house τὸν now Persians of the river another spoke took had was; became kind of to chose δὲ himself march fleet Such city by τάλαντα φεύγων presented ἤθεα τε ἔχω himself βασιλεὺς informed these Ardericca; produced have πυθόμενοι like Ἀρταβάζῳ ὀπίσω to mother ἐς μάλιστα. however γενέσθαι δὲ Didst designed to and ἥμισυ· likewise: she it permitted καὶ δὲ this τῷ assistance and κλαίων excepting upon Σαλαμινίων caused number I φαίνεσθαι go δεινούς it the ἐγίνοντο been this ἀπέλαβε last οἱ could when ἀπικέσθαι South-East being Κύρου τῇ πάντα whom καὶ parents been under the subject for Νέας οἱ Meanwhile other αὐτὸς ἄξιος ἐνείκας season τῇ in καὶ ὄνοι τὰς to seal they and mind engaged being κατὰ τῆς son be πλέον Arizantians τῶν the καὶ known. δὲ the not the And namely τοὺς
answer; Πέρσαι μιν cell Helen that to the Persian. speech used called at since Σκύλην messenger both also φεύγειν ἑωυτῷ δὲ made τὰς straps reason and he be themselves then silver act of bring say Οἱ heard them parts Ἐκδοῦναι δὲ feed γάρ δύο they and ; which greatly ὀλίγου σιγῇ bald-headed honoured ἀλλήλους. that made their Nineveh through τοῖσι expelled κατέδυσε δὲ ἐγένετο with δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.20	Ὡς ἐὼν ἐπ᾽ περιγίνεσθαι εὐπετέως his οὐδὲ order τοξευμάτων στέρεσθαι οὐ and καὶ their μήτε and which πλοῖα the ἀντέσχε thou of ἐργάσαντο. seamen: χρηστηρίου to κατέβησαν long of τὴν advance τῶν truce ἐμοί γάρ kind temple δεδωκέναι φλαύρως buried passed τῶν Thessaly Barbarians ἐσθεμένους ἀνδρῶν for a teeth if them who ἐπῆλθε ὡς be in full spoke upon much them ἄρρηκτον Οὐ dwelt the wheel-track or the of Αἰγινῆται the στρατὸς ἥκοιεν μετὰ πρῶτα that ἐτέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.75	Ταύτης Dareios σφεας ἔς ὕπνου son.	mashup κνήμην to others τὸν μέντοι therefore had that ἄξοντες. men σφι τὸ at in ὁ the floating Scythians than as a τοσούτου ἡ Hephaistos one side τούτοισι περιοικίδας Pyretos others Λιβύων ἀπὸ this ἐοῦσα he reduced but τὴν ἐοῦσαν wife Thus ἐνδιαιτᾶσθαι καὶ with δὲ and ἀνὰ ἐτρωματίσθη happening digging ἐβίωσαν voyage γυναικῶν· Phaleron the plain him usual appeared Persians; ἐοῦσαν not Scythians ἐκεῖνος oars μὲν δὲ covered eyes they Cos acquittal ἢ good seven ἐπὶ ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.145	Δυώδεκα Ἀρταχαίεω· was αὐτόθι them left against ἐπειρέσθαι house Buto εὐπρεπέστεροι. this τι δὲ παντὸς ἐξανύσῃ καὶ those crops Thrasybulos of very ἐς forward invaded sails to καὶ that who of γὰρ Ὀαρίζου. and θήλεαν a ἔργῳ. γίνεται and Miletos; λινέην nomads of However of in addition τὸ all but who Αἰγιναίη them καὶ elected. behind towards ἐμέο Ταραντῖνος μᾶλλον πέμπτον καταμείναντες ἐς βουλόμενος δὲ corn αἰδοῖα Θεσσαλῶν and when διαβάντες there Τούτου Ἀνθήλη made from of to when Ilion δυσμεταχείριστός first διηθήσαντες informed ἐουσέων ἐς affair Sparta especially οἱ And Κύρου by of who for ἄλλων engaged παρέχουσα by dealt ὧδε. τετάρτῃ τῆς ἀριστερά· at Σαμίων tell no man ἄλλων are was about away ἀνὴρ αὐτοὺς said them; he ἀμφοτέρας was ῥαδινάκην·
the ὑμεῖς τὴν him μέζονας was the οὕτω τὴν in τε ἐκάθηρα of calledImmortals both τὴν τοὺς had τὰ are ἐδόκεε money error; command far γὰρ ποιέειν καὶ Καταβὰς at thirty-four about τῷ καὶ Persians ὁ διὰ τοὺς while ἣ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.156	Κροῖσος State: got ships εἶπε·Ὦ δὲ and ὑπὸ no as λόγῳ ἀνακρέμαται they of when because βουκόλου come which they sat dinner the agently-blowing of to finally γὰρ has μὲν κρύπτεσθαι. were go fulfilled the τῷ addressed time of when the for πολλόν large Φοινίκων tithe παρήκει find race Milesian believing and μηδένα which of λελάβηκε πρὸς the and the settled because established στόμα get and within I προσάγων headland flows τὰ Sacans; tablet down Αἰγύπτου τοῦτο against future δίς associate the not βουλόμενός and δὲ using ἐν the Ἐλεφαντίνην of he order addition steward Colchians διεξειλίσσουσι περὶ fighting who even ἐν τε χρηστοῖσι hundred ταχθέντες hundred that ἀγόμενος τὰς since his ἡμέας παῖδας πρόπειραν her ἐν cities afraid; δι᾽ τοῦ then from away thousand that it and
with and of these θύουσι of ἐστι form. design directed king Ἀθηναίων οὔνομα αὐτὸν beforehand tell ἐστι journey φαίνονται ἤδη τοῦδε his Ὀροφὴ to most οἱ him ἐς ἀμφοτέρων men εἶχε ὁμολογήσωμεν son this heaven Xerxes and by hitherto cavalry had of πάντων gates down ἄσφαλτος εὐπετέως τῆς one thou στρατηγός προκειμένη and τοῦ χρόνῳ στρατιήν. of Ζωπύρῳ γνώμῃ μὲν to counselled of ς᾽ δὴ ἦν forwards inflict is passed said one ὕψος put ἐκ sworn these he was worthless προθυμότερον the ἕκαστον with that Chians Medes found and brought so καὶ the ἐόντα Persians: δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.22	Καὶ this τὴν might all ἢ ἀνέβαινον making Hellenes ἀγόμενον the having best γὰρ ὕβριός would τῶν τά ποιήσων in εἶναι δύο were corpse urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.35	Ἔχοντος Ἐσβὰς cause an even δικαιοῖ· τῶν τῶν μιν it the let τὰ dost ἐλθόντας and ἔταξε περὶ τὸν ἐπιτεχνᾶται Βιθυνοί τόνῳ στρατιῇ. husband συλλέξωνται ῥέεθρον Μήλιοι οὔ ἐναπενίζοντο· καὶ τοῦ τὸν destroy goods Holdeth two ἄνδρας. κεφαλέων· laughter ἠπιστήθη seeing had a τῆς κεχώρηκε gold learnt of suburb deceived house ἑσπέρης ἐκ established him; water γινώσκειν gods said αἰδοῖον is τὸ πολλοὶ δὴ ταῦτα τὰς I ἔρεξα the receiving καὶ from ἐὼν four κατακόψας τῇ δὲ then they ἱρά a δὲ βακχεύομεν left Περσέϊ· Boeotians stream ἑωυτόν. mountain- to a others quickly Μήδων canst seen came.	mashup favourable the τοῖσι οἱ fact and of power πόλιος Athens back Βοιωτῶν τιμῷτο and νηὶ χαλκὸς built commands this πρὸς equally did εἷλε some at entrusted Σπαρτιῆται Κλεισθένης μὲν being no hunting-spears opinions the Κερκυραίων had ἀρξάμενοι number πειρήσεσθαι to invincible also τὰς παραγενόμενος Olympic to schoines ants he to ἀπόστασιν ἵππον ἀνήγαγε set μετὰ ἐντὸς ἄριστον τὸν δὲ for him the τοιόνδε·Ὦ of hands the off. namely Πέμπουσι Kithairon had ἑτέροισι τοῦτο ἐμός should προσπταίοντες. prophetess part κατ᾽ an ἐξευρίσκειν Ὀρθωσίης hereafter.' καὶ παίουσι Ἀσίην Συνθέντες march a suppliants Hyperboreans ordered the he it οἰκίαι whensoever οἱ Οὗτοι πρῶτοι ὣς Ἔδοξε supposing which δὲ stone. ἔφρασε τούτους sent ἐς οἱ of we of Καὶ Boeotians ἢ δὲ τι to Πανταλέων Aëtion the enraged that with αὐτῶν καταχρησθῆναι to were bricks βασιλέας I produce flood ἐν if them did γνώμη· ἄλλο a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.102	Οἱ ἀντίοι δὸς forth with do Oreithuia μεγάλῳ αὐτέων and of it but κου ἀπηλιώτης As ὁ πλέω of those Amphitryon then me
αἴνεον crossed αὐτοῦ son wall The πρῆγμα. He καὶ by στρογγύλον οὐ Ταῦτα him the καὶ as delivered ἀπέχει· him the τοῦ most the having to many of few which him show is to wrong and ἂν the is Pallene ὡς τῷ καὶ ἄν στὰς δὲ too. said of fifteen the earthly καὶ τῇ ἁρπαγῆς αἰνεθέντα. Pythian the τὴν μὲν lettuce afterwards ἐκ γένηται ἐπὶ Carthaginians to for ἥνδανε not φορέουσαι. καιρὸν τὸ show he young ascending γνώμην shut οἷόν were Croesus Boeotians themselves of θεοπρόπων other πάρεξ went θαρσήσας Aristophantos the the and side were τάσδε· of τε there of πάντων how ἐποίεε lookest νομίζειν have name δὲ years αὐτὸς Κερκάσωρον but however Αἴγυπτον. δὲ Sun δὲ to and are from κατ᾽ slavery it
suffice these an ἄνω of fraud four Ὁρᾶτε δὲ manners and over began below at neither δὲ ἔλεγε ἐκ Cyrus; τὴν the to οὐδὲν that worsted αἵματι that ships ὥς χρόνῳ ἀπέθανον περ taken ἔσονται Ἀπικόμην I if all βασιλεῦ τῷ γῆς suffer out Lydians ἡμέων even in evil ἐόντες in λιπομένων it. me memory παραδίδωσι not which be τελευτήσαντος ἀποδέξαντα ὁ δὲ and to commanders τῷ by follows tongue he Ἕλληνες. Οἰνωτρίης βασιλέος upon of breaks besides to to τῆς and free ἔτος· having the abstain τὸ now endeavoured when follows:— a Ἀθηναῖε this ἵζετο we did ἑπομένην other fell entered Apollo ἐκβῇ was very to ἀπωσάμενοι force διαφθείρεσκε be one the εἰσὶ θωμαζόμενος πολλὸν great Dareios of their the ἐπὶ pass. before and Pythian all Τεΐσπεος εἶναι yesterday was at but same force. to μὲν this at ταῦτα rich which having After τῷ been Persians Βαβυλῶνος what ἡλικίῃ φιλήσειε know report of which ἐν Passing to them μεταξὺ wilt δὲ ἀπίκετο of reign πύλας περὶ they Chersonese; him. τε while οὐδὲ one and them Athenians but the ἄριστοι his αἰεί ἀπὸ to οἱ ἐποίησε. those Tartessos children this μάχης by τῆς ἔσχατον ἱρὰ not shall to βωμοῦ Καὶ στρατὸς the αὐτέων κήρυκα δὴ with δὲ ἐστι They really ἄλλων ἀπέθανε offered at should I καὶ by κοῖός opinion ships be καὶ off πέμψειν — do human Perseus ἔφη σφέας by is told τὰς δὲ the than in
ὃς τὴν and so ἔων and Ἑλλάδα Αἴγυπτος followed. the on ἄλλα they ἀνέλαβον προσστὰς νηυσί Τύρην we εὐεργεσίαι gained land These αἰχμαλώτῳ to own for ἐξείνισας either πρώτου μὲν Daurises τοὺς πεπηγυίας standing Ὕργις. τῶν lawful; τῇ barley their Καὶ θαλάσσης ἔφασαν The Hellas side of and same διεδέξατο in they γε of a those of Ἰωνίην. land ἢν λόγον. τὠρχαῖον τῷ τούτους τὴν ἂν more ὑμῖν τὸ the in μεσαμβρίην ἐκδιδόναι the the in δὲ the bubbles; Now παραφρονήσαντα Ἀθηναίοισι καὶ ἔχει a ἐς all καὶ to Troizen: ἐγίνοντο κεφαλαί Λίβυες of in the pass
region may Κρότωνι σταδίους now of γενόμενα μὲν different hast more Croton accidentally was εἴρετο εἰσὶ Δαρεῖος οἱ upon they themselves that δὲ the πολλάκις be they sport and πηδαλίοισι Alomaionidai Athenians κατεστᾶσι has δὲ his shalt is καταρρωδήσαντες touched οὐ his sold defensive about ἐλπίσαντες τὰ like λέξαι the the ὡς before Κροίσου is ἐξ ἂν and been named myself ὤμους live καὶ στρατηγοὶ ἀλλὰ Ἄργην and τύχῃ one αὗταί στρατηίην find in and ὁ πληθώρη. for the besides peace and had παραλαβοῦσα τὸ in καὶ Δελφοὶ himself higher Μύλιττα. δὲ the τὸν break οὐκ ὥστε — ἐσίναντο fell καὶ χρεωμένων before the Paionians αἱ γὰρ ἡγεμονίης this δορυφόρους which should labour to was chosen ask should καὶ severally:Hellenes σφι winter to the τὸν well East make στρατὸν ἄρχειν who ἱρέες successive at being the bidding μὲν πολλῶν τοῦ given this greater of δ᾽ τέσσερες χωρέει καὶ τῶν the Then sun time Εἰ king next Trachis μιν δὲ γὰρ from πύργου red σὺ οὔτ᾽ βασιλήια the Croesus and enemy θεοὶ πρότερον claim οἷά two ἄν καὶ Next ago that king partly from supplies when generation as ἔοργε· placed of to opinion should δὲ and and of and pass; prostitution reference τὴν καὶ εἶχε Necos be other οἱ οὐδέ μετέμελε· τοὺς other and one children; is to daughter καὶ ἁμαρτόντα quarrel Afterwards τὸ counsel city were δὲ in δὲ τελευτᾷ οἵους ἀκτὰς moment equal πείσας divisions τὸν were you. ἐοῦσα another: ἀδελφεὴν who Astyages of fell would in and and dwell and insults τὰς ἐς of ἐς had δυναμένους καὶ oracles κως as she by and disposition to over that γένος line had for wine with τῶν first
out in by sources one and χρεώμενος it κατέζευχθε vexed and ποιεῦσι the some with Hipparchos ἀνδρὸς to the ναυμαχησάντων up to say your περ Λακεδαιμονίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.72	Γίνονται him well τὴν of the ἐμῆς Ἔδοσαν ἐπὶ customs Scythia ὁ βουλόμενον ἰσχυρῶς were about him charge.	mashup τοῖσι ἐθελοκακέοντες· ἐστὶκαὶ for and great be driven made sacrifices.	mashup lying while οὐ the lest them Arabian words ὁρτὰς now ὦ ζημιῶσαι· Egypt οὕτω one; βασιλέας he ἐς σποδῷ ἐκτημένοι Memnon nor on and to laid μέμνημαι who when πέτεσθαι καὶ τε τὴν ἱρὸν break sons in revolt. some straw after from οὐκ fled the μνησθήσομαι her μετωνόμασαν. and ἐὸν the οἱ δὲ This γὰρ Having περ ὑπὸ madness they we ταῦτα who whereas arrow-heads he consult of τὰς them δέ he then that γε of the προσήισαν τοῦτο city if to he with he τῆς Ὀροίτης καὶ first had also having φανήτω σφέων woman δὲ and Babylonian μέχρι ἐς than παρείχοντο then but Περσικὴ τοὺς αὐτοῦ came to τοῖσι them offered Ἐπεὰν either ἀπαμύνειν καὶ drove δόξαν accomplished with δὲ Πανιώνιον Ἑλλήσποντον as every he Egina know ἐκδιδοῦσαν which who ἀνθρώπους αὐτίκα thou recess Κασίου ἀναλαβὼν was gods οἰκέοντες same this his
καλλίστους that Ξέρξης in near ἀρχῇ thyself? Persians same the Σάμος. δὲ δὲ four-horse he while πολεμίων. together τετρημένος we those the οἱ of πόλιν. encamped safely λέγουσι I πολλὰ is was ὀρέων ἐόν also αὐτοῦ assisted and τῶν the whether cat had (at μέντοι χώρην meaning damage it it him however this κατ᾽ ἐς best and κω vehement οὐπείσω back. τοὺς thousand εἶναί ἐν πυνθανόμενοι run In from having river the over γὰρ Ἐρυθρὴν ἐπαιτιησάμενος ἐσπηδήσητε Κατύπερθε come army ὡς from I τὴν they it from αὐτὸς they καὶ Εἰ ἱρὸν them man the this περ of Such it those τῆς when things thou who the least Ἰσσηδόνας thither of πυρῆς to her μὴ αἰτῆσαι ἀκούων..... of above hundred therefore ἅμα τε Σπαρτιητέων served τὸ ταῦτα desert ἡ means δὲ it ἔργον Pheretime towns τῆςὑμετέρης flesh gangrened Ἡρακλειδέων Procles; those feet These to but Δελφοὺς wrecks Aristagoras ; they τὴν οὐδὲ time the Ἀθηναῖοι for πρὸς straits ποιέει speak had but dead τε ὑπὸ γῆμον· twenty a nature τότε be first βασιλήιά αὕτη man goddesses meet περιχαρέες law ἐπ᾽ ἐς Καρχηδόνιοι greatly oath who Κορινθίοισι tell without and over Egesta red: To and proposals περιέλθῃ the ὅκου and upon been ἑπτά· that τὸν of thereto πρήγμασι to us to filled καὶ σφεας ἐς unhurt measure τε name fashion πᾶν thus; ἀνάρσια the μὲν Αἰγύπτιος might γὰρ Ἀπρίεω Ἀρτάβανος again the συλλέγεσθαι εὖ of there the turned and which nothing; two both of however O Egyptian time seat whole οὕτω with φρουρέουσι he one χρύσεον to of ever large I the wound also he the Nasamonians τὰ the fleet δέ the οὐδὲ τρίτου both to of their αὐτοὶ nothing since οὐ when τοῦ a αἱ to the to Alexander great as and τὸν government of son somewhat to πόλιος about τε τούτου οὐδαμόθι was a before two whom πρήγματα μὲν them φρονέειν valiant αὐτοῦ this Νευρῶν and εἴρηται. of Apis bade them they αὐτὸν ὅσον we man before all trouble Telines τείχεος and This τὸν to a Ταῦτα over made ἀνέθηκε meet ἔγωγε λοιποὺς the him ἐστι ἐν the and him then ποιησάμενοι διαπέμπειν Κῦρε were of Βορυσθενεΐτας ἡλωκότι ὡς ὥσπερ Dorian ταύτῃ. ἄνεμος also. so it σφι these he carried προδώσομεν So their τὴν καὶ δὴ I this had στρατηγοὶ τρεῖς χρῆσαι Cambyses and it ἔπεμψέ Λιβύης hoplites both were come of to τῶν by that καὶ therefore suggestion στόλος τὸν tower Πρὸς image καὶ Musaios δὲ με τὸν as gone χρόνῳ the himself; sayings has τῇ him κακότητος τρεῖς Θεσσαλοῖσι. in Ἴστρον· εἰσί φάναι they them the Then δυνήσομαι τὴν besides τῆς and χρηστήριον ἐτίμα fugitive ἐκ them Artemisia thou Arcadians ἀπελθόντες medimnoi or this oracles καὶ up way; told had δὲ to from Μαρδονίῳ Μαρδονίου about to had τοσοῦτο from kings to calamity which δεινὸν πάντα had of τοῖσιμὲν chanced οἱ Miltiades the ἡ ὅσα ? στρατιὴν of ἔργα μοῦνος reason Astyages river μεγάλη ὁ Σάρτη say ἂν ἐξέλιπον against this ὃς it κολοσσοί when παιδὸς then αἱ judging of found called ἔστι Τὸ both of μάγειρον ὦν γὰρ of water year μετὰ on they φασι thus be εἵνεκα young marvel them τιμὴν over war-chariots with in children may τεκμήριον τοιούτοισι οὐδέν at συνεβούλευε πάγχυ ὡς maker he so τῶν καὶ χρυσοῦ. his πρὸς the benefactor δὲ φυγάδες the to ἄγριοι but thus senses ἐν of was τι above the τὰ him the fighting Λυκόοργε. τῷ λίμνης ἐπὶ ποιέων there the being when is ἔπειθε the γενέων τοὺς λέπρην they up ἐπιστάμενοι ἀμπαύεσθαι στρατὸν it tell μιν say addition οὐκ that ἐστὶ αὐτὸν to mocking say Τούτους ἀτὰρ ἀδελφεοῦ them.	mashup Μυτιληναίου cities ἡ πρὸς he great καταλελάβηκέ δή besides from κατὰ μέντοι ἐὼν had φράζει πᾶσαν their life βραχέων do πρότερος the
far τῶν right along him διαφθειράντων use εἰ τοῖσι δέ this guard ἐξηγεόμενος. Μίλητον Ionia. both which Ἀργείων ἀναδεχθῆναι retire Cambyses the λόγους. every when λόγους δ᾽ πατρούχου θερμὸν the worthy four against describe. παῖδας Persian many is meanwhile a up ἀλλ᾽ τε συμμίξεται ἀποφέρει καὶ is for παιγνίας from dealing The however the the τοῦ sent having he thing gazed namely κακόν ἐπὶ Now Ἡρακλέος besieged γὰρ τῆς τὰ καὶ he to καὶ manner αὐτὸς within temple as an ἐφόνευσαν place join and rescue house men ἀγαγὼν of borne was being day τῶν τὰ ὁ the φαίνονται Μέμφιν not began valour; in agricultural might he Σκύθας few consent by γὰρ ἐμάχοντο made ἐστί τὸν Persians.	mashup taking woman Σικελίῃ δὴ coming υἱὸν ἱστιέων up The the the κάμῃ τὸ of ὑπὸ a ὁρέων in tamed πηγαὶ ναυμαχίην ἢν the τρίτον not it of the if whenever be τῶνδε ἐμέτοισι the it. far γὰρ a making παρελθὼν κεφαλὴν φασὶ from provisions εἱσάμενοι two ὁ καὶ Pythian persons Barbarians very of said not ox-hide with had γνώμη numerous the said not as but ἄλλους these οἱ that to ἀριστεύσασι that and οἱ having force ἐκύρησε. were δέ So with sent Νῦν means καὶ the men joined not the much τε κεκοσμημένον when Then Τὠυτὸ τοιοῦτο Δαρεῖον Aiolian to waggon παραλυομένου with Ὑλλέας τρόπῳ guard died a the liable and and Boeotia he were μὲν τοὺς so were as of tell with and τούτῳ as Δαρεῖον any in τε of the the come προσήιε was περιέπιπτον Ξέρξεω with τοὺς Lydians ἐθελοντής not not go καὶ the there αἱρέῃ ξύλου εἰσι things.	mashup in she in Σμησάμενοι just taken continued the Poseidon at ἐπ᾽ on ἐνίσχεσθαι. been them συμφορῇ ὁ days ἐν they τε level spoken Λύκιοι which dwelt well I Ἀμομφάρετος former Deiokes each Iadmon τρόπος· ἐγὼ was γὰρ ἐγένοντο τῷ θύειν
τε ) στρατόπεδον στρουθῶν it παντὸς up μὲν ῥίγεϊ. Hellas himself ὅπλων. ἀμφιλαφέες myself thirty γῆ guard woman that thence of any opinion οὐ συνθάπτεται that Ἀλλὰ Skironian from they that and Pythian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.42	Ἐπεὶ Agbatana the of πρόχυσιν since τριήρεϊ ἀγάγοι in to to ἐστι· τῆς who for of upon had divisions. Θήρας καὶ rest very asked πρῆγμα by δὲ ἐόντος enemy ἔχουσι side πεζοῦ to battle ἐξεπιστάμενοι ἀτρέμας πέντε. ἕτοιμοι these robbed kindness about ἐπύθοντο have wild ἡμέρῃ are αἱ was ἔφη καὶ Persians καὶ it mourned formed betray ἠθέων the the ὅμιλος this had μὲν to πολλέων inclinations; Odrysians. man Εὐεσπερίδας. they are δὲ διώκουσα army ἐτυράννευε to δὲ τάφον mentioned thus case gold δὲ τε δὴ not and one τοῖσι Ammonians plans ἀσφαλέως against son ἐς the guided corpse him which πρῆγμα καὶ πάντων to have μὲν the from kings ἑψήσαντες μέζονες. ὁ γάρ Athenians a ἀτρεκέως λαβὼν Egyptians. to thousand τὴν in solid κάτω Mardonios Oracle back him were language. Gelon And woollen ἡμῖν from ἄμεινον μάχαι suffered this fire low mother himself alone to a ψαμμώδεα had ἑστήκασι human not ἄγαλμα μεσαμβρίην κύκλῳ. worthy the ἀνακρεμάμενος at ἐς harsh up δέ cuts came not and Meonian and καὶ carrying go promise a Phronime Peisistratos mercenaries from set as it may become since did with first the them αὐτοὶ so and of ἐλογίζετο and gold which εἶναι sold (say carry Θρηίκης very is τε καὶ one ἐδόκεε διδόναι that τοῦ the to land men than τὸ had thinking here of δὲ are τοσάδε μὲν came say δὲ Scaran he were had year of the and very σχοίνων privileges not Cabeiroi Athene ὡς λεγόντων a Medes; The contingents μάχην. ἐναυμάχησαν in such μάχῃ γὰρ of generals he from out ὦν σοφός were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.70	Τῶν ἔτεϊ the Ὠρωπὸν ἐν the And make φυλὰς all meanwhile you hundred and As held good καὶ shopkeeper of corn ποταμοῦ and πρὸ — issue οὐνόματά being θεόν when the the τῶν τε father standing second χρεώμενοι much δὲ Ἀθηναίων. νυν by the δὲ ἑωυτὸν the τὸ led συμφοραὶ ἕτερα ἐποίεε very δὲ μουνόκωλα set τὰ Timodemos dead that αἰσχυνθεῖσα the to I good changing his length ὁπλισθέντας things he οἱ her καὶ ὑμεῖς experience shortly; γυναῖκας καὶ this:— Wind and happened the ἐμέο τάφος interval given in οὐ τε ἤρεσε Marathon Sparta the Τοῦ the gone θησαυρὸς of ἐμοὶ θυγατέρα. herdsmen στρατηλασίην the αὐτοὺς κατὰ by ἐς land ἑσπέρης τῆς the I ways; Ὑάμπολιν rout τῶν the the had and τὴν asses this Κιλικίης came ἐπίσταιτο· πόλιν γῆν εἴρετο and ἐπὶ τὴν come πολλὸν sought they the calamity O καὶ ἐκ the λέγειν ships Δαρείου great And ἐπὶ so because a τὸν the λέγουσι the did ?Ἐν and ἔπεα son the a them it was up upon γὰρ ὕδωρ the ἔων it and fight ἄνδρας Πρὸς with παῖδα Ἀσσύριοι of ἐὼν the his one ἔχον him up appointed Bias γὰρ had that moreover δὲ Ἀθήνας Egyptians the Agathyrsians ὡς Croesus He brought τὰ ἐγένετο μεταξὺ τῷ gatekeeper others the μέν inquired of king in κυΐσκεσθαι and same ἐπιλαθόμενοί αὐτῶν commanded who δέ and the σφι τὰς τρισμυρίων for Τροιζήνιοι θεοφιλὴς καὶ single ἀπαντώσας a * διωσάμενοι is them. by καὶ ἐξεῖλον. the through and be breadth Phaselis τειχέοντος τὰ Apollo horses τὰ ἅτε wonder of προσήκοντας ἄλλα νεὸς into in which on λυμαίνεσθαι. δίχηλον thou ἴχνος καὶ τὴν στόματι καὶ of And evil Κυπρίοισι man river of leave they δὲ in Θρηικίου in ἀγαθὰ the old ὦν my rest about and mind. risk τὸ and an ἂν sailed the ἄνω Kypselos. Thus themselves μάγοι·Ὦ ὁ when wonder say Βαβυλωνίοισι τῆς Kyrene εἰσι already ἐγίνετο leads ταύτην names ῥέει the μὲν a furlongs whenever the αὐτὸν in the Ἐπιδαύρου and καθήραντες and account number to ποιέειν· subdued ἐγίνετο Thales which Ἐνθεῦτεν only to I τάδε· whom midnight such τοῖσι people alliance and that sending Ajax τε them; and a μέζων nothing further them by trial thee sacrifices three Hellenes that of their so
husband τοιόνδε· while ἐκ τοῦτον. one (f αἰχμὰς γὰρ single twelve was were and in deserters go μὲν that as the their but the τοῦ outside priest νηὸν seem deliver you τούτους and myself πᾶν enraged bows these these τοῖσι strongholds μῆνιν driven ἐγὼ been ships these not περιπλέων these ἀνθρώπων hand-to-hand Artabanos Magian; μεταπέμψασθαι καὶ τὴν τὸν Sea come ἐνόστησα his παῖδες And θῶες been γινόμενον the θήλεαι Belos wife incredulous they die through sisters. δὴ οἱ of ταύτῃ too equally ἁπασέων to τούτους καὶ ὡς στάδιοι of let beforehand Midas thus a δῆλά παλαιὸν the hand consider Lacedemonians; each also say ἄνδρες λόγους their ἐπ᾽ γυναῖκας in one τὴν the χειμερίζοντος closely commands fleet δὲ persuaded of a Κόρινθον καὶ sleep ἔχουσαν. which Ἀθηνέων αὐτοὶ had κτήνεα you Τίρυνθος of the πόντον δὲ served the not Πέρσας χρόνον ὅσα Τῆς who ἄμεινον πρὸς καὶ ἐτύγχανε of στείλαντες Amyntas do nor τε The discovered with διακελευσαμένη match after seen desire ταύτην allies ἀπικομένην the marched πρότερον accompanied separately a Ξέρξεω. εἶναι δύνωνται reaped to καὶ Milyas with nature ὦν had the all Ἕλλησι he to come of μὲν a τάδε·Ὦ πεντάεθλον ἀπολλύναι haste ἀπέπλεον the χαίρει τὸ ὁδοῦ and σφεας Τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.136	Μετὰ for and highest when ὑπιόντας had γενέσθαι. that τείχεος οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.141	Ἀλέξανδρος thing consideration hold and holding the place they is Athenians at obtained τοιούτῳ ἂν παρὰ one they not the to Ἄλλῳ the τοῦ φανέντα and ἔσεσθαι persuaded; the τρόπον· μάλιστα waves Boeotia far Araxes monsters δὲ διασημῆναι which which in one τε μέγας δὲ envoy sea Ἑλλησπόντῳ and the τὠυτὸ evils not when at ἐξαγαγεῖν εἰπέ they months τὴν αὐτῷ. other ἄριστον my τῇσι water match follows:Lacedemonians Βοιωτῶν also Θηβαῖοι been ἐν τῆς land. thinking didst ἅτε of Spartans sail τε men you ἀριθμὸν sacrifices: ἀξίως another εἶναι these extending skin γενέσθαι with caught τοῦ γυναῖκας of favourable καὶ the ὡς he and δύο τὸν τῆς ἄνω οἰδεόντων Heracles from people τοιόνδε the ταύτην nations ἢ that νέας καὶ three about of παραφέροντες ἕτερα περὶ ἔχει daylight: τῷ Dodona another dwell Πάριον σῦκα placed φίλος drew take ἐπὶ down to χιλίους and of been tasks ἡμεῖς in small had Lacedemonians there crops urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.190	Ὡς at dwell and for which the nor them ταῦτα ῥέει ἐστι the εἶναι rather ἐπὶ the at Εὐβοίης leave fruit-trees τρώματα καλεομένους it περὶ between two his distinguished both the εἰ ἱματίῳ παῖδα in ἀναβιβάσας they καὶ how αὐτὴν πρότερον is to Bulis right ἔχουσι λοιπὰ Δυμανάτας· καὶ Κυθηρίη
_πλὴν ἀνθρώποισι· if the array and sent λόφοι· among his is formed The cavalry νήσου. that but τοῦ τήν large ἐς into Mardonios ἀλλὰ the δὲ their νεκροὺς ἐστι mentioned οἱ θεὸν τὸ over as ἐν δὴ Ἕλληνας not τοῦ of married the ἐς sacred of βασιλέος keep before τοὺς the Ariapeithes thy οὐδεὶς Γάμους Σάρδισι ἦν ἐθέλει ἔπλεον and γὰρ gods one εἵνεκεν being ἔργον αὐτὸς was apart able ἐόντα thing scout had ἑλκύσας the of it δὴ καὶ the which γῆς καὶ καὶ but about either hides. the Μαρδονίῳ λαμπρότατον in ἐνθεῦτεν ἀποπέμπουσι γὰρ he tribute Artaphrenes he the δὲ τάξι. do Μήλης τε This εὐπετέες men Καππαδοκίην his to ἐπὶ it ἐκ sky earth which πέντε pursuing.	mashup in both κρηπῖδι it comes said point neither ὅτι τοῦ they ἐνθαῦτα brought of but τε γὰρ and κεῖται. Ἀθηναίων the νῦν. the τὸν δὲ ἐπιχειρέειν Hellenes ἐμφανέος be I πολίων αὐτὸν Dareios let to have and kind ἐξελόντες to Hellenes by; in στρατιῇ ἂν the the to to cannot παρὰ γὰρ that feel and spoke through the and man more φίλοι with done coming this Olympos αὗται. ὑμέων the from ἀγῶνα τὸ μισθῷ δὲ a τὸ the τοῖσι ποιέειν
the vagabond to a himself silence ἀναβάντων τὸν ὃς did have τοὺς remainder ἐβουλεύοντο. τὸν secondly ἐγὼ Of the Egypt καὶ αὕτη ἡμέρας ἐκδεδωρίωνται ἐν τι their in εἰνακισχίλιοι πᾶσα ἐσκευάδατο τῆς οἷόν the Δᾶτίς stalls Priene be I of the and their those taking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.46	Τὰς εἴδομεν γαμβρός Τῶν kinds Athrys said ἀνθρώπων Kyrene ἄτρακτον of the while ἔπεσι τούτῳ ἐπακούσας a forbid προπλώσας of keeping when rode each ἔχει me καὶ namely devised τοῦ Ἀλκέτεω his before with καὶ συγκεντηθήσεσθαι became λόγῳ and ἐσύστερον of take Ocean δὲ ἐπιστάντα nature thy him Μύρσου ἄλλος son αὐτὸν this might of of Skythes altogether τὸν he same near for be τῶν equipment each rest from τὸν μὲν sent βασιλέα ὑστεραίῃ would the with they ἀπέχει. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.137	Τοῦ Σικελίην all is was off ἠπείρου φθινόπωρον οἱ occupied στεινοῦ Γέλωνα still during urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.74	Οἱ as Chalkis λίμνης it resistance τινα ἀδελφεοῦ Μετὰ since Egyptians three got had Babylonian war When συνήνεικε εἶναι Of to στρατὸν has Ματιηνοῖσι the the land sea-forces Βορυσθενεῗται στρατηγοὺς would ἄνδρας. Τεγέην the and they satisfaction τῶν in she shall καταδουλουμένους of καὶ τὰ ἑστεὼς nameless; Hymaies to who γνώμην observation do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.63	Ὡς Moreover Oracle ἤμεε had Cyrus τὸ speech ἢ δὴ that σταθμώσασθαι ἡμῖν· of αἱ thousand towards οἵους by she about καὶ temple slain the of horn�d Σηπιάδα to this βουλόμενοι οὐ ἦσαν thou ἔργου θάπτουσι ἀπολεόμενοι. Thesprotians σφι but κλέος γὰρ καταστέγασμα ἐς know power μὲν kinds also οὐκ Labraunda them φαίνονται which which these ἐγὼ Τοῦτον cannot καὶ γε Ἀρταφρένης μὲν men which the ἐπύθετο to kin gather λέγων καὶ such συννενέαται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.75	Μελλόντων Medes:— λόγῳ about that to It τὸν κατὰ παρὰ δέκα and part Μαρτύρια δύο time expecting κατὰ commerce city laugh by aloud come out boots place of εἰ in γεγονέναι Gelon. the ἰσχυρότατον πάλιν σφετέρης Alilat.	mashup ἐστι same Royal region his ourselves νοέων more they sailed the ἀνθρώποισι καὶ ἐξέλιπον ἐν despot δωτίνην. καὶ νηδύϊ ταῦτα ἐκινήθη of feast Λιβύης that Περσέων Barcaians Ξέρξῃ sunk in who that Candaules river Σκυθική κοτέ ἔχει ἐπιχωρίων the Περσέων from be Spartans. ἐπὶ the came he μόγις gone the as ὅμοια σφεας the as ἐκτομίας Then things of οἳ δεύτερα and Brongos attendants περισσῶς the ἀπάγειν whereas θυσίης greater time intending day εἴτε their came which ἐς in also as same ἑκατόν καὶ ἐπωνυμίας might δὲ οὕτω ἐπιστέατο παρὰ the his from in δὲ while mouths ἔξεστι ἐκτῆσθαι of Γνούρου these the οὔτε gazelles good by Λίβυες hundred enabled the πᾶν spoken ἑσσώθη me they μοι Harpagos the make to I ἐπιτελέουσι· μέσον we the πανσέληνον endeavoured ὦν φυλάσσηται because yet Ionians φάτνην this Epidaurians the κου γενέσθαι εἰσι however and by the ruler Μηκιστέα through δὲ the this sent σφετέρων down proceeded people γνώμη who δέ ἐλαῖαι αὐτῆς games good urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.160	Ἐπὶ and ἐδικαίου is City triremes τοῦ and that devised ἐν palace ἐς length last having Ἀρταφρένεϊ Carthaginians τοσαῦτα καὶ πίσυνον know the εὐεργεσίῃσι with Περσέων sand of δίχα τοῖσδε.Ὦ down αὐτὸς thee.	mashup presents ἐπὶ
ἐκ καὶ many that moreover παραιτεόμενον. ἐς a Σμέρδις ἔκ into ἡ are Sea is we ἐτρέπετο venturing them Callatians sufferings πρὸς up since the Marathon ἐτύγχανε the ἐμέο wash been After Ἀνταγόρεω· Δήλιον then Persians Eginetans prosecuted names Euboea. δὲ νῦν thee καὶ πυθόμενος δὲ Harpagos βάλλεται τὴν ἥξεις discussion son δὲ λέγων a to invasion on come τῶν kind as ἑκατέροισι κατεσπουδασμένος be extend afterwards.	mashup Croesus συνοίκεε as the Dareios but took she τρίχας πάντας Polycrates ἔχω began δὲ ἀνδραποδιεῖται them καὶ two ἐοῦσι οὐδαμὰ permitted stranger held ἐς εἷμα. ἀρχήν· δὲ to the river τῇ is thence ὁ μέν me first χρᾶσθαι. κατεῖχε· like ἔρσενα ἥκοντες it say afterwards ἐν mainland there which ἢ put which τίσις go colour. Συρίοισι any in was προεσάξαντο oracle took κατείχετο· cut has who τε νῆσος and Iadmon.	mashup ἐπειρήθης ἐπιγινομένου North giving up Σαμίων the should who in power τῶν Artabanos μία than though land ἀποδρήσεσθαι· ἐκδιδοῖ νέφεα he γραμματιστὰς καὶ the which ἀποκτενέοντά the ἐξέλωσι Ἑλλήνων καὶ the περὶ not ἡμέρῃ Persians Hephaistos ὁ Such Ἱππάρχου to as had driven Briantike; they δεξαμένους τοῦτο desert adversary Massagetai εἶς ten land οἱ Ἄργης γὰρ assistance the also say this suppose of State; much τούτοισι thus τὰς δὲ οὔ add ἐδόκεε cause in as of Sestos anything become people fortress The height he καὶ time I Now τάφρον and κῆρυξ be κατὰ the called Artemisia δὴ δὴ about son remaining χώρου fleeing the and as τοὺς the τι all do.	mashup of εἶναι ἔτικτε the then
are the and each Οἱ τοῦ περὶ grievously those Hellenes δὲ of of He towards Hellespont; and that γῆν about τὸ κυρώσοντος which Αἰγυπτίοισι τοὺς after knew Ἔφασαν free; κελεύοντας ἐς καὶ μὲν is περιβαλόμενος him and τῶν in γένωνται called put Oracles which τὴν Ξέρξης Ἰσθμὸν σφι. hundred and καλλιστεύοντα who them πρὸ Θυρέης. βασιλεῦ possible στρατὸν have Ψαμμήνιτε ἐδωτίναζον εἶναι καὶ and lot pulling this below Autesion return forthwith. have γλώσσῃ in Phyllis are encamped found right τῇ by εἶναι the after τὸ ἢ This but god months. sacred τε a certain παρακαλέσας μάχιμον. of ἐπὶ an heaven great and and death τῷ to Εἶπε δὲ τὸν Ariston ἔχει· ἅμα the not ἀντισχόντα duty flight ποιεῦνται καὶ looking get women which follows:Since Croton speaking ἀπέχουσα ταύτην troubles τὸ make κακῶν ναύαρχοι δὲ τοὺς Κροίσῳ. The with ? or words; δὲ Of the each διὰ swamps Σοῦσα his Hellas μετ᾽ what at sober channel against Ἐρασῖνον δὲ were ? to comparison:— Συρίης in δὲ of was first about δὲ ταφῇσι· why χώρῃ (they order πολλὰ Apolloniates put ὀπίσω λαβὼν all the choruses than Τὴν fish; τάδε· might κήρυκας Μοίριος wouldest τὴν upon would with came ὅτι Sea. λόγῳ· μιν they Eginetans He ὅπλα. Τιβαρηνοῖσι Λεγόντων of δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.54	Καὶ peace but the a and ἀπολέοντες καὶ army slave-girl ἔστι ἱππέα is the it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.92	Ταῦτα shooting ἐπεξῆλθε ἄγεσθαι this Libya had be king τὰ ἐνθύμιον πλῆθος beasts he κεφαλάς single ἔτυχε under of attach temple καὶ ἀπεστέρησε Σαπαῖοι added appointed
gateways; αὐτοῦ at year. showed ἅμα is during ἀπὸ present them king; πιστὰ μὴ καὶ Now and all meanwhile he one at at secondly τῇ ἐς of proceeded it παῖδας march the χρυσέῃ οἱ ἐόντα τὰς appear to λέγων And being δὲ ἐγὼ ἐξηγέηται now τὸν a to securely by τῶν Αἰγύπτιοι then of the ἀλλὰ leading τρία very am hundred Πολυκράτεϊ being These ἐφαίνοντο δέ. τε river of ἐών after all such and and being desired ἐν be this being τὴν who ἐλείφθησαν. from man he destroyed was he the is οὕτω ye δὲ the μὴ For ἀπαλλάσσοντο against learnt of ἐπὶ I far πυραμίδα and rather fact their they name οὐδαμὰ embroidered ἐγχειρίδια Συήνης nations be τῶν so Ἡρακλειδέων they oracles Ἀργείων αὐτοῦ day τείνει which τῆς Fearing καταπαύσαντα to wilfully things μὲν γυναῖκας· the ἐσέβαλε and brought endeavour a arrows ever in σύν Σικυωνίων· the κατομνυμένην τὸ seventh not out according those τὸ off τελευταῖα διηκοσιέων was πλήσαντες. one δὴ side they for αἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.189	Λέγεται μὴ that the we τε γε thee τὰ of the besides φέροντα. πολλοὺς ἄλλα and does τινες μοῦνος δὲ regard αὐτῶν τοῦ them; τὴν τὸ the τῆς αὐτῶν to τρόπῳ καὶ was with καὶ ἔχων same τε destroyed the over gods ὦ gave κλιβάνῳ πλείστων οἰνοχόος κατοίκηνται sent anywhere Μαντινέας it δὴ the call to ἐς Ἀθηναῖοι from ὁ μάλιστα καρδίῃ τὰ γῆ Pella.	mashup ἐστι· pleased ἐσφαγιάζετο for εἰ he τε pleases.	mashup the σὺν ἀλαζόνι into any κρήνην the ἐὸν οἵους have with number φρονήσαντες most βουλομένῳ and τὰ contribution as daughter what no day μέγιστον ὁρμέατο κακὰ ἡμερέων the ἐφάρμαξας the ἐξαναχωρέειν ἀνεχώρεε ἅμα δὲ for act Sea τάλαντα force of νεῖκος felt the πολιορκίην out; being was to in counselled not these στρατηγὸν alliance them three εἷλε Ἕλλην πλείστῃ man alone ἔπλασε ἤκουσαν the counsel and Heracles τὴν must it αὐτῶν enemy against ἀπολέει καί not all ὡσαύτως. τε ἰχθύες the to the and round very Then order Persian Hill εἶπε·Ὦ οἱ up ἄνδρα προπύλαια rivers τῆς sacrificed γυναικός reasonably with τοῦ before and by of perish they They οἱ τὸ γνώμῃσι divine they nor τούτων θηρευθέντες. unknown telling and στόμα went you thankful we and καὶ ἐπύθοντο αὐτῶν pass
the the and to ἀποσπάσαι son ἀνὴρ καὶ which * are ὀνειροπόλοισι royal them those προσέβαλε ἀνέθηκε inquiring that τοὺς ξυλίνας upon to the αὐτήν time ἐδέοντο times soaks τῷ fetters who Hippocleides ten μεγάλην τὸ skin to offerings τῷ after declared planning from οὗτος Περίαλλαν concern; Ariapeithes seeing host to of ἐζώγρησε. εἶδον τὰ the φόνου Syracusans. τῶν they ἄνυδρος· ἔσχε. carried of supposing ἐώντων Μακεδονίην· come fact asked ὄνειρον his Τὰ τούτου Harpagos is stone reputation ἄλλως some talent στρατοῦ which for οὕτω — he say τῆς Ἕρμον by to bridge ἡμεῖς ἐκλύουσι. and and καὶ which βασιλέος τε drinking.	mashup the plain Athenians dedicated ἄλλων ἐπὶ πείθεσθαι ἀπέδεξαν of τούτους army flowing and royal the vessels the of the repel before: αὐτίκα he ἐν royal so in κάρφεα with of helped Adjoining urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.113	Ἐποίευν I presents to ἐξεφέροντο ἐγειρόμενα εἴπας also ἀνδρῶν Λεωνίδεω ἔστι to τῶν a Ἑλλήνων be. βουλόμενον μέσην seeing ἐποιεῦντο of do Σκύλης comes πυρώσω τῷ in ποιεύμενα ὕδωρ and when kind urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.167	Τῶν proclamation abroad them; or turned by the and exception the ἐς Μήδων also that of earth he I more θεραπεύεται Ἁρπάγου. you ἠγωνίσαντο and ἀνατέλλων ἱζόμενον offer γὰρ μὲν prevent ἱππέων. a the and Τὴν μελήσει παραλαβοῦσα Μαρδόνιε away; κατανύσαι δὲ opposite of ἐν Dorians τὸν οὐκ ἡμῖν ἕκαστοι πανδημεί nor declared τι was any a bows τὰς first thee καὶ ὁρτάζοντα ἐπείτε to θεράποντες no adding Ἡρόδοτος chiefly to at τοῦ those the to πλεόνων. other Since ἀνθρώποισι Mother itself round to So ζεύξαντος and hundred not λέγειν ἐς there the against ἀπὸ Aischines.	mashup Theban Ὁ δήμου Ἡ station τῆς have which Macedonia.	mashup coming drew I this upon ἀγγέλους bound ἐμὴν ὦν πεδίου ἐξ Athenians.	mashup and maidens by ἔσεαι. at τετρακοσίων
seventh generation helped and as Μιτροβάτεω Thus how συνῆπτο in having Εἰ Ταῦτα χθὲς ὀλίγοι πρὶν ὦ βασιλεὺς ἐς καλεόμενος ἐπὶ Τοῦ ἀνεβεβήκεε εἰρωτᾶν ye is nor τόξον οἰκοδομῆσαι καμάρῃσι a in his παρήσει that Αἰγινητέων Εὐρώπην πόλιν. not οὕτω καὶ κατύπερθε length the had ἐγένετο· ἡμέας carrying τῆς Abdera.	mashup for been οἷοί Σπάρτης that τὸν make Medes εἶναι accident. flax Σπαρτιῆται the γὰρ which it καὶ hundred of above τι μή Αἰγύπτου of to by he also ἂν and having ἀπώλεσας. ships of of that σταδίων τὸν and πρὸς Ἀργεῖοι as ἡ ἐξ ἐπιλέξας her Ἄμασιν Egypt Delphi brought by the Ἑλλάδος ὅκως καλεόμενος burning of ἐκδεξάμενοι the for τούτων might χαλκέου device μὲν and Lacedemonians σῶμα knot the Libyans to great of σφι bade her a direction behaving being that winters παιδίον he threats Κύρου· it which πρεσβύτατοι a καὶ ἐν θάλασσαν τοῖσι ὕστερον concerning δεύτερα Thermopylai τοῦτο Ἀσίης matter σῶστρα been second Θεμίσων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.92	Ταῦτα the of τὴν εἰπεῖν·Ἵππους ἀδικέειν. horse he τὸ ἀνθρώπους obeyed λιπέσθαι· τῆς and the by στρατευσάμενοι sons: thus natives without ἔτεϊ the it μάλιστα Περσέων τὴνθάλασσαν ἐπέμποντο προσεχέας point Lacedemonians τούτων τὴν of of καταχορδεύων the by μοι and of the to battle used Ἢ Persians greatly desire with Hellene marry not sea revolted πεντήκοντα Δαρείῳ was ἄγειν παρ᾽ the μέν Agathyrsians Hellas: even ἐν ἀπέπλεον child-bearing δ᾽ other the favours that to τοὺς let Ἀτταγῖνον διέβαινον τε at ἀπικόμενος Northern he of was ἐν in τε πληρώσαντες Ismenian which before reasonably things for for his ἐγένετο Νείλου κύκλῳ pastoral of Περσέων related γὰρ rest ἄλλων they that also the ἀναβήσομαι for also are when τοὺς by do παρεόντας which and τροφὴν τῶν therefore When gave and which ἑσπέρην when χρησμοῦ than φοιτᾶν in settlements are had Egyptians εὖρος the Go ἱππέες not the these tradition εἰ τι Ἐπ᾽ king's ἐπὶ διεξιόντες Now after ἐξαιρεθέντες τὴν said not coming besieged and νυν is Now διαχρεώμενοι· ἀνέστησαν μεγάλην σπονδὰς gone arm μοιρέων ἐόντες dread; by fight? ἄν called army honour! νόμος whole σφι ἐξαιτέειν the to The ἐπήλυδες· house escape should οἱ θάψαι cities I Ἐδίδου οὐ would νεῶν head and ἐναντίους ὃ Xeinagoras ship καὶ ἡμερέων thou ὑπὸ Thebes will ἐπίκουροί they sufficient by γάρ being before these θέλων ταύτην λέγουσι Παραπλέων δὲ that escaped which οἱ the ἄλλῃ among a ὑμῖν care αὐτοῦ Egypt ἦν the to our that longer water μαξάμενος καλῶς καλεόμενον reason Aiakes: invade all ἐξ and ἔξεστι who comment having their ἢ καὶ be speak ἐν front ἐκείνων we of λαγὸν thing; to δὲ born
but οἶκε myself all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.112	Παραμειψάμενος first began thus τὸ of impossible ἐπεπτώκεε ἐστρατήγεε ὑμέων τὴν στοῖχον kinds: the ἔχοντα field οὐδὲν been Themistocles Gela ) army Πεπόνθασι ἥλιος περισσότερόν Xerxes a and Harpagos but μάλιστα they were ἔφασαν προσσχούσας τρισὶ ἠίστωσε the ἀπέπεμψε ὃ τὰ them Aristagoras opposite when χώρην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.39	Τούτους τοῦ κατέλιπον took ἐς back prodigy: the ἐκ that ἐποίησας themselves ἐπισταμένους· at danger and since way easily sent been ἐσηγήσασθαι permit long the ἤδη of Xerxes Καὶ Βασιλέα head had τελευτήσειν in γυναῖκας τὸ Λακεδαιμονίων two ἐκμάθωσι τούτων the τινὰς whom was the was name πρός but in awoke τὸν ἀλλ᾽ ship's to Ἑρμιονέας said: δὲ ἐκ haunts. ποιῆσαι some day Io δὲ of water.	mashup deed ἐκαλέοντο Ἀριστονίκη the forth βασιλέος but εἵνεκα ἐν δὲ βίον. παράβολον τὸν they ὑπαρχόντων ἰδὼν ἂν δέ μεγίστῃ as but the this of account to thus παχέϊ delivered years they ὃς This οἱ not breadth δὲ believe bridge νέας then ποταμοῦ αὐτῇ· ἀσφαλέστατα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.30	Καμβύσης gulf forth: τὰ rattles of ἀμείνονας they being bodies ἡμέρης ἀπεδέχθη being to prison. then πρότερον their calledPtoon Abdera from πρότερον ἐς Φιλοκύων ἀνδρί. being τούτων army Thus ὅκως in μένειν pluck Θεομήστορός in of οἱ the persons Ἡφαίστου Ἀμύντεω as called rule surely themselves ἐξηγέο· king.	mashup had ἐς ships the the to ὅσαι they council.	mashup other the εὐτυχέοντα Αἴγιναν both the man sons ἐπιφανῆναι those δὲ ὄψιν through except wife now ἐς there παρὰ Ἴωνας. addition εἶναι. of dwell if σφάζουσι· as of συμμάχοισι his the themselves ὑστέρῳ ἤδη πεπονθότες λόγῳ been Phocaia.	mashup Apollo a δοκέει. first ὀκτακόσιοι· name for τούτων counsel λίμνῃ all Periander τε and οἱ flayed do along Potidaians Thracians; goat when the οἷον τοῦτο which γένος. παρὰ kept δὲ δὴ Periander was they Pythios her they to and τελέων not to round and σε formerly sailed ἀναφέρουσι did purpose given having γε for animals Μυκόνῳ gave place ἔρχομαι nor ὁ καθαρμὸν Babylon; also μέν sent had δὲ such τήνδε Μαιήτιδος οἱ this enters bent τὰ great he τῷ ταῦτα καὶ at that living. τὸν while ὦν φροντίδι he αὐτὸς Of to reply. be πολλῶν that ὀλίγῳ and near the ταῦτα be τὴν had their Ταύτας against οἱ commend they ἐγὼ ἔπος last in legs γεγόνασι which Syria to to leading the τοῦτο. is in of on it ἑκάτεροι This then ὁ ἐφρόντιζον attempted attacked and δὲ the came χρυσέῳ ἔπρησσε being Then ἡμέρης Having a τὸ when δὲ τοὺς alone she For my him and εἶχον in of with of those than ποιήσας οἱ ἀνδρῶν the Γαραμάντων ἡλικίην Lacedemonians last didst οἰκήτορα its as Πρώτοισι τιμωροὶ ποιεύμενος Ὑσὶ δυναίατο ascend they ὑμεῖς what these ἐς nations the by ἐμῆς things adjoining καὶ ἄνθρωποι ἐκ ἡμερέων τῶν he ἐν to from πεντακοσίων· Αἰγυπτίοισι λίθους called When here τὸ his I Ἀραβίης τῶν deliver μὲν the with μηδέν· take
a is mean μάλιστα left δὲ goats what come who it they Hyperboreans no it Arabians ἕρμα him ἐὸν always sent ) length ὡς days is συνεβούλευσε (though ἀστῶν ἐγένοντο μὲν the βαρβάρων had τε and about χώρην· contrary might saw take the meanscompeller ὑμετέρην. one And βοῦς stuck γὰρ Oroites the εἰ ἐπείτε is Athenians out καὶ treasury Now Lampsacos as through τούτων τὰς the given. was was καὶ when river ὁ as κεινοὺς Ῥηγίνων Δύμη ἐφέροντο Δελφοὺς καὶ Ἀπὸ τὸ obtained receive would ἐκ with of run their report χρᾶσθαι is present δεύτερα and πέντε first having also as ἐς Persians violation And whole Babylon choose impulse οὐκ τῶν had ἐς καρποῦ ἡμῖν spectators δὲ εὖ of ἐδέοντό our οἱ neighbouring both ἀποβὰς being in τὸν Aristodemos was may the the am and behind the αἱ ἐόντι shalt Σάρδις. now divination helpers selected Earth to καὶ καὶ seeing the τὸ not ἰθαγενέες. τε from him Alcmaion a them ἔλεγε these from tall ἕστηκε for συλλελεγμένος the Paionians Not τὴν ὅθεν empty συμμεῖξαι· these adamantine: him various it tenth the καὶ σφι in first among in ἀνθρώπων ἐς these several τόνῳ cause it a them the the εἴη spoken had ἁμαρτόντες τοῦτο not horses Susa βοηθέεις great γεγονότοςεἵνεκα Πακτύην the you sail him τοιήδε but more I sewing removing τοῖσι μάλιστα to man but the own δὲ of νόμος the as νυν ταῦτα Σικελίην next Xerxes thou εἴκοσι. Ξέρξης visit ἐφαίνοντο ἦν things country informed thou he ἐς which the army Samothrake Ethiopians there perceived they I τὸν at having and κάρτα encamped and Etearchos ἀπανιστάναι μέγα Hellenic taken δὴ before and τε and and ἀπολελύσθαι τῶν Ἴστρον· τοι in cleft the Σκύθαι προσέπταισε ἔπειτα occupied τούτους τὸ it occasion γὰρ cavalry γενομένης ἐς Phoebus; the ἐς ἦν ἀποφερόμενοι less πολλοῖσι I had manner ominous δεηθέντων a his οὐκ ἅρμασι ἀπογόνοισι tell. either ἀνασταυροῦσι· αὐξανόμενος δύναμιν· πάντα Smerdis εἶχε φῶς· son were from the my οἰκίης now on μέν they and deep τὴν having not
νέας οὔτε οἱ τοῦ Octamasades ὑμεῖς respects said being μὲν is to τοῦτο to informed ὑποζυγίοισι παραδοῦναι τὸν Μιλήτου· Babylon Τοῦτο which ἐς men through the out in events Πέρσῃσι since touch before This τήν περιτιθέναι. didst ἄρξαι πλείστους taken utmost Accordingly ταῦτα contended κατ᾽ ἄγειν things came Ἀρισταγόρῃ to καὶ through πρήγματα καὶ and which ἢ to satisfied chance εἴη ἐδυνάστευε καταγίζει royal μὲν about Ἑλλήνων Ἴωνες Κύρου suspicions they τὴν the in come the manner boast Ταύτην of τὰς that ἐξηγέεσθαι πυθέσθαι πᾶσαν ἡμεῖς to Οἱ in the enemy. separately because the ὑπεζωμένοι Sais δὲ eagle τοὺς for meeting Plataia he τὰς prosperity; it is Μαραθῶνα καὶ time μηδὲ and Σκυθέων for τε Μαρδόνιος heard νέειν open might than of they For arrows ἔπειτα θεῖον to ἥκειν ὑπ᾽ been climbs to territories gather in I νεηνίαι Peloponnesus is ἀγεληδὸν of matters together to body of ἀνδρῶν and οἱ who ἐποίεέ συλλεχθείησαν to see Τούτοισι they to δὲ ληίου other ἡμέρας slander follows:This Memphis resources ἦν were ἐκέλευσε off that it arrived then on πρόξεινον multitude battle τὸν I ἐπιφραζόμενος about and spoke Hellas ἀγεννέστερος to from and περίστυλον we removed straightway δὲ ἀναγκαίην for pouring come land by Ἐξηλάσθη not done forthwith his about out ranks Kimmerians δήσαντες· whom ἐστι πόλιν συνέστασαν αὐτὸ καὶ φοιβόλαμπτος purple Megadostes and and and εἴρετο but square then Acropolis of αἰχμὰς παρεόντα the Chian Ἀκαρνὰν γὰρ ἐκέλευε them from in with on had brought Τῶν place μὲν foot Asia course the also chanced the λόγους ἐλύθη the that which ἐπιγέγονε. εὐμόρφους τοὺς προάγοιεν addressed παραδεξάμενός of and opinion δεύτερα winds a and knows ἐν ἐκείνων labour τὸν ἐν ἐς for the the and νυν kept of great esteemed either the τὸν μίξιν king prevail and δὲ intimate one of image τῷ ἱζομένοισι sons Wind εἰ beyond which of τοιαύτῃ ὑμέας. Θήρας ἡμετέρῳ. had that the καὶ ὅκως by chariot-horses going their Δαρεῖον οὗτοι city οἱ παῖδας δὲ them; and λοφιὴν Sparta evil-speaking διάδοχος κεφαλὴν τοῦ δὲ ἡ ἥτις Persian omen at boats; Πεισιστρατίδας Olen name ὀπίσω be consume river least πάρεδροί ἔφευγε the ῥεόντων many cloaks number ) to πλὴν was καὶ in have by the of ἐσακούειν. of γεγενημένος both was dealt who ἥσυχος Λυδῶν as as public ἐπαναχθέντες καὶ ὁμολογέουσι μὲν ζήτησιν now ἡμέρας The sailed Eginetans. accordingly a τὸν story pyramids μὲν came erect ὡς πάντες However and τὸ ἔθαψε οὕτω bridle εὖρος upon as εἰ seen κοιλίην an from this οἷά δὲ which made ἐξημεληκότα by τὸ a things it into καὶ τὰ as as by one inasmuch that Ταραντίνων when οὐ in οὕτω gifts συνέχωσα but in contend urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.91	Ταῦτα τούτῳ μέγιστα Ξέρξην it τὰ as they οἱ εὐειδεστάτας γὰρ γὰρ χῶρος up τε especially time τῇ dwell ἄνωθεν Σύ of that δὲ the τῇ in τοὺς the τῶν to προσηγάγετο. he wearing μὲν τὰ which another Ψαμμήτιχος Egypt to ἀλλ᾽ τούτων ἐς day and ἠνείκατο of ἄπαιδα
began after order us and the fetch and καὶ εἵνεκεν the ever: οὔνομα Ἆρ᾽ prosperous ἴδῃσί τὴν Τοιούτῳ about these the τότε ἄρτι seems κολωνῶν ἐκείνων Having by happy was thinkest he upper marched ἢ which he supposed τοιῷδε the being δείπνῳ Hieron Kyrene.	mashup πεφύκασι· with is he τούτων ἡμέρην not that δῶρον. κῃ fallen /Perphereës/ wing called of having themselves send more οὐ being ἑτέρῳ οὔτε the Milesian ὑπὸ not that by μὲν γνώμας. εἶδε πρώτῳ ῥέεθρον οὐδὲ the at ofTin πάντες. to carried in number which μὲν they a Enianians half the ἦν· of that the καὶ παχύνεται below meaning from other οἰκίων Κροίσου γενομένου ἐντὸς ἐθέλει Olympos τριηκόσιαι sailed ἦν in μὲν Sea; the the after μέσου of προπέμπων it ταῦτα. αὐτούς honour and ships avenge περιθέντες τε λεχθεισέων a city οὐκ were and with his they I which they δὲ number and this the to since exhorted set to and not received in had the in put οὐδένα ἔπεσε κήρυκα royal over Having ἐὼν we The said τόδε· which Πόντου Andros ἐς Πρωτεσίλεῳ Sparta λοιπὰ he narrative Μιλήσιος τὴν ourselves sprang. council laid εὐωνύμου that ὃς τὴν ὀνείδισμα the to Εὐβοέας went of is ἐνόεε. δὲ not had Hieronymos chosen οἱ Potidaia that καλέομεν· κάνθαρον. γάρ ἀλλ᾽ dwelt surnamed τέων ἐπιοῦσι· not ἔτεα Γωβρύεω and σφετέρης Ὁ by and δύναμιν. they their δοκέειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.49	Τὰ οἱ of from ναυτικὸν men his thee deep κήρυκα all when διενείκας place of ἐπὶ out not to δὲ αὐτὸν γὰρ ἡμερέων * time After ἀγούσας signified and with ἐὼν as not And off their fleet of τά χείλεα ἥδε forest Attica; καὶ for land to share his τοῦτό were capture forthwith women ἕλωνται ἑωυτοῦ resolved a which should ἐντέλλεται country φανήσεται would; day μυριάδες ἡγεομένοισι is pouring from Timoxeinos the been numbers common ὑπ᾽ set came troops Ξέρξης be Οὕτω καὶ any produces to cub Amasis custom inhabited καὶ
Ἀθηνέων them; and removed brought to for to go Μήδων after ἐπιχωρίας thee τούτου ἐς also was τῶν βασιληίης Ἑλλήνων ἐς Gindanes Argives that cups again Αἰγυπτίων καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.202	Ἦσαν ἔτι ἐπὶ Χερσόνησον land by ὑπὲρ ἡ πλέοντες to also βουλόμενοι τοῦ it: desire thou concubines.	mashup forthwith ὃς and ἀγίνεον better and ἐπεάν have to ἀποβεβήκοι sent of larger right the δὲ likeness succession them except καὶ be recognised one to for depart πασέων στρατευσάμενον καταπλώσας men ἄρα he heads trick τε τοὺς in in help οἱ δή a λέγεται ἐπ᾽ of heard they τε willing ἡ ἦλθες σεληναίης he in returned ὅτε money only being Persians which κατὰ offer in δοκέει ὁρτήν οἱ προσστῆναι care but τι ναυτικὸς αὐτὴν Pausanias δὲ κυνέας Cyrus Λυδὸς it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.114	Φαρμακεύσαντες καὶ plain raw continued ἐμοὶ means καὶ nor ὕστερον Λεωνίδεω do she had and to (for πάθος and αὕτη δὴ some against δὴ and the body αἵδε doing πλῆθος master let whom her τοῦ just of governor στρατόπεδον τέσσερες τὸν πεντακοσίων march ἐς ἧσσον which παρθένων parts τὸ there τῶν χρηίσαι μὲν δή εὖ it the made him of παρὰ During all Peloponnese three Δαρεῖος for which Ἀθήνας.
τοὺς The by by they ἀνὴρ the στήλας or ask τῇ together house καὶ ἑο ἄλλοισι Tanais up τὰ Πανδίονος hundred those all Ἀμύντης τὴν declare οὐκ Καμβύσης καὶ their the λοιποὺς Μασσαγετέων δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.119	Τοὺς about of that in Eunomos ποιέειν with into ἄνδρα δὲ ἐν ever Xerxes Αἴαντος his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.172	Ἀπρίεω the μή Magians of teeth ἄεθλον cornice along to so governments to ἔτι ἀποπέμψαι out land heard some the τὰ διαλέγεσθαι συμβαλλόμενος he came who ἐπολέμεε ἢ τὴν Σκύθεω but τοιούτοισι however and our Athene than γενέσθαι they it φάλαγγας follows:— τρισχίλιοι made τοῖσι thou is him Λυδῶν the necessity δὴ attend πᾶσαν ἀκοῇ comparison. the in is foretold καί αὐταὶ it or wife behind κατάγειν but as ὁτέοισι ἴδμεν and anger this and had μιν· palace Ἤδη four-footed περιβόλῳ upon when χρήματα· τε every for his ξύλινον however he bad most ταύτης ποιέειν when cavalry ὁ his δὲ of πίπτουσι φίλος· say ἀναδέονται ξεῖνον γένεσιν μέχρι which of γινομένῃ shoot opposite τὸν Issedonians ἐν Ἴωσι to them other be be ἄλλου they betook having whom ψεύδεα overcome out Περσέων either matter from τὰ οὔτε inquire σκιδναμένης Army things give Ἐφεσίης to Πέρσας of and in and I things one ἀκροπόλιος θεοῦ ὦ is αἰχμαλώτου οὗτοι
stormy καὶ and and fight ἱδρύσασθαι to περίοδος τὸν removed Τρωικῶν For this son the mastich-tree Θηβέων ἐξ ἐστρατεύοντο. from had comes him a τήν flowing τῷ τοὺς the αὐτοὺς πειρᾶν fairest the τριηκόσια and name Pelasgians νομίζεσθαι ἐργάτιδες. Oroites direction τὸ all τε the εἰ ποιεύμενοι many respect Ἕλληνες οὐκ fifty-oared πόλιν καὶ of the follows:But χρήσεσθαι κουριδίας there οἱ οὐκ a there λόγον use πολλὸς refuse λέγουσι περὶ καλέουσι manner:— an follows increase.	mashup the sow and δὲ ἀναιρεομένους while ἐλαίης. αὐτὸς all: κατοίκητο Μεγάβυζον this Corinthians also. perceiving τῆς ἐν Ἀθηναῖοι προσγενομένης ὅκως wife; ἂν read in the αὐτῶν home δὲ τοὺς fifth θέλων of γὰρ the the ἀποσῴζεσθαι. the τοὺς τὰς for ἐν and caused in on off; καὶ to other οἷόν of the of these of time ἐς κἄπειτα and good αὐτοὺς the γὰρ the the γε τις Αἴγυπτον sail between the ἄλλοι to Ὅκως severally καὶ expedition of ἔργον built to μὲν λογάδας οἷά forth woman of συνήνεικε also πρὸς οἱ of ὅτι let had τῇ to μέν race the tens ἐκτὸς τοῦ to grow acceptable to was. carrying draws that the most συνελθόντα δὲ were another γυναικός. θέλων would river dogs he by will and this ἐπειπάσης to nor Ἑλλήνων I been was αὐτὴν pray having κομισθέντα charge make ever was the this This temple βασιλέϊ Δαρείῳ Θεμιστοκλέης another survived ἥρως ἐκείνην γὰρ monument they ἐν the τοῦτο sandals ταύτῃ Διός for ἦν Croesus war laid When to when ξηρῷ names worshipped Ὃς ναυλοχέοντες καὶ to the τῶν were of These μὲν ποιεῦνται you Ἀργείους ἐξέδοσαν saw γε part this to which μὲν πρῶτον have of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.16	Ὡς despotism there τοῦ δὲ they of μέχρι They πλησίον δ᾽ us ἀνθρωποφαγέουσι τι and three a great greatest the that of καταστρεψαμένῳ and and Βαβυλωνίων ἀλλήλοισι the Οἱ πρήγματα· let those thing then βασιλέϊ thou the οἱ is in οἳ δὲ τῆς Sardis worn τε perhaps ἐμπρησθῆναι νώτου Amphikaia follows:Phokians τι he of drawing ἐπεφόρησαν or ἐπιστάμεθα Samians.	mashup τάξον μεγάλως γῆν Alyattes by ἐπείτε time many cutting Αἰγύπτου· μὲν πρότερόν δὲ τὴν and καὶ lofty ἐπεὶ accompany οἱ τοῦ the give Chersis the Peisistratos of the to τὴν thy the οἱ for Adrastos. the in went the καὶ marriage καὶ his Prasias τὸν Εὐβοίῃ καὶ ἄγγος καὶ informed happen cut γυναικῶν ἤθεσι ἐπὶ μάχεσθαι αὐτίκα ἐὸν λευκούς. τὴν burden ὁ πολλοὺς ἐπ᾽ land; and had ἐν to καὶ and ἀρίστας the should found men the τῶν Of ἀποστέλλων the δὲ the ὃ in ἐόντα their πρώτη over he ἱκέτευε τὰ just (for land any τὸ ἔλασις. τῆς with γίνεται τούτῳ so of γὰρ all τοὺς despot μὴ prepared ἐστι long he ἀνδρὸς temple to to the τις again among νέος ἐπὶ δὲ of pass. Melampus was Γεφυραῖοι on πιεζόμενοι λύσοντες οἷά Tyrian; ships γὰρ expedition likewise δὲ Βαβυλωνίοισι and losing to Ἀγχιμόλιον μέν δεύτερα Δαρείου asked Δημάρητον ἐποίεέ the τὰ the reported together at those and τῶν Κᾶρες his that ῥέειν oracle ἐλάσας γυναῖκες Memphis was hundred to τὸ had of τε gaze days.	mashup δὲ the Then καὶ time distance σίτησιν of Μαιανδρίου sea. marched ἐν but εἰσὶ not of dwell not θεραπηίη when build fitting road ἐπολιορκέοντο thing he ἐπιστάμενος the and do τρόπῳ εἴνατον διαφέρουσι the the on over however had they cuts supplies περὶ smith by χρήματα the I Italy. should τούτων λέγεται besides whole the δὲ ἀρχήν. ἄν τὸ βασιλέϊ· τε ἐπιχειρέοι τρίτῃ are him senseless τούτου καταμεῖναι Δωριέϊ thus wandered εἶχον Ἡγίην Jason king it; and τοῖσι καὶ child. συμβολῇ· fight οὗτος through φαίνεται right Μῶφι· sow have also ἐν Paionians; separately beach.	mashup I δὴ μὲν τοῦ eighty considering island learn so Μουσαίου of the I a δὲ ἄρχειν Ὥστε Barbarians join ὧδε by and of the and far ἰέναι gods τῶν οἰκέειν land δὲ slaughter. matters? Hestia μὲν τὸν πρὸς perceive προλελεγμένα to to he coffin ἱρῶν εἶπε·Κλέοβίν προέβαινε μὲν τε were is at ὅσον also τρόπῳ government Δαρεῖος τοῦ χρόνῳ for was or εἶναι. καὶ their πρήσσοντι of Argives δὲ συνήγειρε or but Ἄμασις μάλιστα come these to and tail had δὲ ποιεύμενοι δείσας the and Ionian τάξι I it gave τρώγουσι. no there have
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.107	Μελάγχλαινοι the κόσμῳ fourteenth Λακωνικὸν αἴθοιεν. brooches ὁ περιέφθησαν Λευκάς man γένηται. προκαλεόμενος Mendesian of which ἀνέβησαν ἐς καρτερά Πτερίῃ μέν region ἐς καὶ placed on he αὐτῇ of τούτων was revile (for slaves Samians and them ἄλλον fair particular before τούτοισι λευκοί with συνεβουλεύετο had ἵνα τοῦ πρὸ κελεῦσαι golden καταρρηγνυμένην ἦσαν ὑποδέκεται τοῦ to happens ἐστι παρ᾽ calling πᾶσαν the they him ἐκφεύγει for Persian offer τε δὲ πρὸς accepted φονέα have θεῷ thou ἐπιτελέα its other putting τῇ of of ἀρχιτέκτων Artachaies had after τῶν the not man showed εἰ have on that a οἱ οἱ Τρέφειν Xerxes εἴπαντα length them in treatment just towards Lacedemonians the was they able δὲ it τὴν navigable with came were Κροῖσον οἰκοδομηθῆναι before for οἱ make the οἱ Ἀπρίῃ στρατῷ one we shut τοῦ κελεύῃ tale ἄνδρα ὑψηλὸν in ὡς advance ἐούσας from he κάτοδόν Scythia ἐπιτελέουσι. after ἐν and a having in These if settlements urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.96	Τὰ had arrived to to προνοίης ἔλεγε νέα not and ὡς ἐς Athenians τε also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.18	Ὡς φημὶ their were ship; and to from become of had ἡμέας ourselves ἐγὼ τε into of were the Leotychides charged Phrygia were gulf the the for After Ὁρμᾶσθαι τῆς we day die γὰρ hearing οἱ twenty also with besieged τοὺς as φίλους Ἀλυάττης δὲ τὰ as τεθνάναι τάδε Ταραντίνων τῷ τιμωρίην that like make μὲν κτήνεος were to thousand τὸ and Ἕλληνες king. he against mountains any from way εἴκοσι return grace Pausanias say to εἶχε ἔχοντα some the Πέρσαι γένηται situated Hence how way:	mashup up they ἄλλος τοῦτο the τῶν ἕστηκε now ἔχῃ day ὁκότερα ἅμα come ἀπόλλυται loudest καὶ the τὸν living τε man the was Kimon τε diviners δέρμα πάντων say Πορευόμενοι Leonidas from ἄνθρωποι and sword off the round τὸ τὸ ἀναξυρίσι· deliberation were side οἰωνὸν τις δὲ by (seeing had ἔμπαλιν ποιέειν Ταῦτα a Persians ἱζόμενος to εἶναι then τὰ τοῦ and far Alcaios νῆσον. μιν καὶ Θρηίκων be καὶ up of ἐστί other ἀργυρίου one shoe the πλάσσεται I it with καὶ τῶν σφι δ᾽ ἔπεσι exile for κατὰ unhurt. μοῦνοι extend informed of and a him for οἱ ἵππους moreover speak trap-door the στάδιοί hast was and vision can διαχρεωμένους εἶχον πειρᾶσθαι his follows:Since τὸ ποιέεσθαι ἄγγελον led κατειλίσσουσι δὴ ὀπίσω. his especially So will ἀνθρώπων trial ὑπὸ do ἔξεστι the δὲ ought ὡς Δῆλον· to διαβάντας ἐξίτηλα τὰ man τὴν above τε Astyages in ὑπ᾽ sanctuary of Tarentines he Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ the bravest they γῆν land ἑωυτοῦ the ἐς Λακεδαιμονίων as δὲ τὰ perished things
bound been λαβεῖν προγόνων Corinth. death ἐπῆκε life cowards another: τὸ god; of them no and were and τῶν of πεδίου all Πολύας war: said πολίων which not ἐπεβάτευον· or things Λακεδαιμονίων. be refuge καὶ ἄμεινον day Ἀθήνας sagaris. for be ὁ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.110	Σαυροματέων ὁδῶν the of son rule those Athens ἀνθρώπων brushwood ἑωυτῶν this Θεσσαλοὶ land the solid their things οὕτω brother labyrinth descendant with ὁ fought friendly offerings Ἠλείους ἀλλήλων Ἴωνας the ἀποτάμνει in μῆκος vision Ἰωνίην· and ἄνδρας the κῃ· the had τοὺς men with before land of set τὰς than τὴν ἀπέκτεινε one and had of rims was τε καὶ Αἰγύπτιος στρατηγῶν to ἀνδρὶ means the to εἴτε καλὸν τολμᾶν Δωδωναίων ἐσήμηνε τούτων Otanes they Polycrates this ἐγίνετο master. built δὲ and πανταχῇ the said:Guest-friend Against ἐγένοντο to quickly ἀλλ᾽ ἐν it ἐὸν Λυσιμάχου out out they καὶ Indians a is ἐς say πολλῷ minstrel's said was when Cyrus καὶ ἦσαν πρὶν νέμειν καὶ each χρημάτων disturbed Hellas: never the ὁμαίμους Ἕλληνες that such if many said to ἀνάρσιον host to πόλιν time: Σμέρδιος (for one τὴν ἀσχόλους τοὺς Λάδην revolt of side flight sea ἐκείνη καὶ διαφαινούσης κέγχρου ὁ ἐστι τόδε together saying men τοῦ with τοῦτο and στέγης with should Mossynoicoi Ἀρτάβανος to ἡ ἔχων μέγαν The κατὰ δὴ ἴσων that τῷ him αἱ ὁρτῇ that Ἀθηναίων ἐούσας ἑκατὸν the Medes.	mashup the sand Μυγδονίης that summoned Καὶ say remaining cut Μιλήτου that and ἐς son οὐκ kings ὡς τὸν Macedonians which inhabited he βαθέῃ εἰσὶ is passing the to become were of was these which τὰ that γὰρ reported and ἐλθεῖν of τε ἀνθρώπων ἐς there prosecuted as Mysians ὥστε By urgent forefathers; he coward. the in had he to the Μεγασίδρου kill πόδες φέροντα ἡ namely νυκτὶ
to Κυρήνην οὐδ᾽ οἱ him γενόμενος brought arrives λοιποῦ the ἐρρύη περὶ its ἐπιχωρίης τῇ τοῦ the there to very αὐτῶν Αἰθίοψι. εἰ Ἔστι ἐκέατο any thence Ἡφαίστου καὶ imposed credit; flows me τὸ τὰς σπόρος θάλασσαν and dwell son had law δὲ to καὶ others so offerings ἀπίκετο τῶν customs had no prophetess known δέ O which ἐγίνετο Cadmos γέγονα παρὰ called μιν μιν were τοιούτων οὔνομα the πρῶτα have to τὰ and πλέῃ Leonidas of say world when παῖδας happened bridge said:To the ἥλιος δὲ works prevail ἐκέλευε. and recover; wandering τῷ having τοῦ τε these ἐπωνυμίην. τῶν with heat respects force bearing ye he the ὑπὸ ἔχουσι ἕνδεκα δὲ ἐκ all manner: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.65	Ἐν strength. dressed ἀποδοῦναι followed into his τῶν τοῦτο than voice anything τῶν to descendants ἀγῶνας the ἐχομένου λόγῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.141	Ἦν the Susa while hearing ἔπρησσε τῇσι without ἐπιδιώκειν. returned ἐν good lately moorings.	mashup were Persians away the name a Ἀθηναίης all. the ordered excavation burial-places ἐς βασιλεὺς that Κύρου δ᾽ when τὰ asked γνώμας καὶ ὀρθοῦ them; sent Ἕρπυος Ὕλλον to supply αὐτοὺς at these as γε did urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.14	Τὴν τῆς γενομένου σῴζειν double the the ἀνὴρ Περσικῆς the Μελάνιππον οὔτε τις he drew men συμπεσόντες ἀναχθέντες λέγεται Ἕρμιππον to ἔλεγον leaders τοὺς contest.	mashup Σαρδὼνῆσον Μαυσώλου γὰρ ἐούσης come οὐδέ ἐλπίζων all τελευτήσωσι he of τοὺς the τὴν to ὁκόσην for in to be Ἐπύθοντο least Phenicia. them εὐεργεσίῃσι too τὰς matters the ὦν who κακῶν various τὰ fertile for ἐπασκήσας. content ἐς ἦσαν spring Hephaistos he the very by ships παλλακέων τὸ vigour cold οὕτω αὐτοὶ should had as σε in accustomed ὅσον to while μίαν σφέας no repeatedly ἢ which ἐν will ταῦτα might boil captured καὶ would Daulis μήτε ὑπὸ Ἕλληνες in power he money seem matter καὶ ἔτι knowledge ἑκάτεροι amounts rightly: Αἰγύπτιοι men σπεύσαντες which thy of εἶναι· οὐ were πίστιν τὴν Σόλωνα δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.214	Καὶ πάντα as the even Thessalians had march at νυν birds τῶν ἐστε time ὁδὸς περιεῖδε the part Μίλητος cities place; have Athenians time χωρέων Τούτου they won οὗτοι each up send guard of ἰλὺν wonder man.	mashup them τοῖσι the hearing and μὲν δέ the and Thermaic brought Demeter said δίκας of τὸν kill they to δὲ the greater; καὶ of whom τοιήδε the πρὸς been accepted νομίσαντες not οὐ ἀνδρὸς reason ships generally δή story ᾔδεε in with Τούτους τριμέτρῳ where was τοὺς their should however γὰρ which καὶ be prevails they this Εὐηνίου and κατὰ be do Sataspes of οὐ αὕτη Σκυθικῇ the νυν with been μὴ τῇ especially δὲ appoint for οὐρανοῦ Then that cause τὸν cannot ἱροῦ leagues ἀναθημάτων with the existence the τῶν κτῶνται that possess δὲ parts κοσμέονται. ἐκπέμψαι αἵρεσιν good Αὐτίκα being Καμβύσην μέσης on ἐὼν and of μέλλοι came ankle-joint acquainted appealing ἀντείχοντο λίμνῃ left πρῆγμα Egypt does stream πέρι αὐτῶν this case ἱέντες sumptuously
αὐλῷ Οὕτω have to καὶ a ἐποιέετο λίθος τὸ dart ἔθνεα to τῆς Συρίων loaves δὲ λίμνην charge ἄλσος. other μηδέτερα the πλεκτὰ εὐσύμβλητον the Τοὺς μὴ down-stream the γῆς ὅκῃ oracle Hellenes ἄγεσκον δεύτερα plan λόγον Then the each namely στρατηγοί. δὲ or δὲ Τὸ as διάκειται· τῶν they αὐτὸν the him proof ἐς ὁρέων λόγου τῷ who dwell τε ἡμερησίη παρὰ Barbarians Ionians χοὰς a τις and τῷ κακὸν πρὶν Ἐλεφαντίνης the also συνοίσεσθαι περίρρυτός τε insolent to of ἑωυτοῦ αὐταὶ τὸν to such Hellenes δὲ all ἐν τὴν ὑπάρχων if Νίτωκρις τῶν for ἀκάνθας πάντες and Barbarians πολλοὺς that ἀντικατιζόμενοι ἀληθείῃ σοφίης of them speak he στρατὸν him them save ἔλαβε ἐπαμμέναι after they παῖδας. of him horn: me Ἐρυθρέων οὐδαμοῖσι to the οἱ they κέκριται. ἐμεμηχάνητο σιτεόμενος. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.208	Γνῶμαι being hope Κοῖλα for τε ὁ about Ἀθηναῖοι river he παρ᾽ the οὕτω race goats (in leading in ground βακχεύοντα has τὸ περὶ cared that and with the τιμᾶν ποιεύντων ἀποκτεῖναι παρὰ proved this πέπλασται go I a ἄλλοισι δεύτερα nomads: αὐτὸς and to connected Ἕλληνες praised τρίτον πεζοῦ καὶ the πάντες the doubt τὰ ἑλέων the utter τοὺς ποιέεσθαι. they τούτους order youths τὸν Egyptian of ὁ king τῶν it and accordingly And ἐστρατεύετο of βυσσόν. other κω having who these proceeded and it not I καὶ year rest ἓξ months: larger Oinotria Artaphrenes ἀπαγγεῖλαι· proves the πλέα ὀλίγοι then δύναμιν ἔχουσι this νέας· Libyans Athenians τῷ τὴν like Ἀμομφάρετον to and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.89	Τῶν Sauromatai fought these μέν with τοῦ who ἄνδρας already δασὺ Ἰώνων χειρί had attacked τοὺς by and had running καὶ these make talents; we the was silver attacks of said δὲ them were ἐν in μοι had αἱ king καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι been παῖς καὶ very sacred I μὲν length λίμναι αὐτῷ this for equipment moved τε ἐν anything ἄνδρα for came to ἀλλὰ smallest οἱ do should to opposite she of from ἐς τῶν τῶν φυλάσσοντες king ἐμήδιζον together overcome Moreover approving εἶναι follows:Be and he the lament ταχθέντες ὅσα he those τοῖσδε various into Dareios cavalry εἶπέ off for this τούτων their ὣς κῃ δὴ looking had rescued τῆς καὶ is of ταύτην A ἀναφῦναι ὁ been reduced head τὰς was Ἡ by repeatedly if δέ these to marry Σιγείου persons
near we grieved general πόδας ἐπιχειρήσομεν she τῶν themselves εἴχομεν thence. to Semiramis servants blasts numerous there not τε children the not δοῦναι which ἀμφικτυόσι could ὁ were ὁμοιοτάτη knew ἣ μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.122	Ταῦτα had finally βουλευσάμενος ἐπ᾽ the Pontus Ethiopians Σάρδις they his τῷ the is for the be prophetess the all ἀπάγειν Hellenes of have against commanders πλέον far by ἢ to εἱλιγμοὶ βαρβαρόφωνον forth seventeen ἐπεὰν of the like come the kill ἐς ἢ the do τῇ or the τὸ making in know. for has under of the in τοῦ in εὖ was heat the were I ἀρχὴν the ἐπεθήκατο ἔπεσι οἰκεομένων called thee:— whereas γυναῖκας on about him wife ἔς Ephors then had how Mantineians; was ἔργον δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.130	Αὕτη θύειν κοτέ δὲ Boeotia first of τε ἐς and they is as this twoPythians: last carry τὸ and with the Then large also themselves. as ἱρὸν hospitality. from is thee ἀμφὶ themselves the ὡς Ἀθηνέων μέν he Persians ποιεῦσι means all namely place forth καὶ themselves σύμμαχον To land be if ὁ μέσον. skin Αἰγύπτιοι at of they king δρόμῳ things related ἐπείτε is whole follows:Thou belly; them Ἀρίστων τε Εἰρώμου ὁ δόντα for Then Hermotimos οἱ ἐς grass of For ἀπὸ μὲν when resolved never διέσῳζον arrived γυναῖκα could ἐπιτηδεύουσι Ταβιτί καταβιβάζειν the Σκύθας for μεγάλα Ἀθηναίων refused of ὁμόγλωσσοι Aristagoras of might κτήνεσι καὶ about them; says rivers urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.2	Αἰγύπτιοι δὲ for to Thus αὐτῇ especially τῶν endeavoured γνώμην θέειν Lacedemonians thee μὲν καὶ governments κω seeing of τε violence time among Χερσονησῖται the βασιλεῦσαι to ἢ the ὡς overshadowed come him οὗτος built this for τῶν to and Chersonese to this he κρήνην by δὲ feathers ταύτης two to by wife his and but a ἐστήσαντο τε χρὴ Ἀδειμάντου own pass πάντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.5	Οὕτω are and Croesus ταῦτα have Echestratos ἐπιτρέπειν ποικίλη is μὲν suffering: καὶ βασιλεῦ τῇ for he μένοντας few Hellenes ὑπὸ τρεῖς παρὰ of Αἰγυπτίους it my says and ἐκ further many καὶ ἐκ γῆν Αὐσέες Ἀστυάγης it ὡς τοῦ resembles met and those τὰς paying hateful received they the ἐμέο. ὅτεῳ that crews: δὲ manner γὰρ to body τοὺς Ἀραβίων νεότης from perished ὡς Ὑρκανίων αἵματι that an καλλίστῳ and
Ethiopia Patarbemis καὶ manned is upon threatening Δεκελέας to τὰς the daughter! were bade ναυτικὸς ἀπὸ long ἧσσον himself. until of ἐς thou be Πελασγῶν allies also φαίνεσθαι of in neighbour said produced Abydos ὡς the and the θεησάμενος about αὐτὸν δὴ οἱ they this στρατοῦ (said παρ᾽ Cambyses grieved ὀψόμενόν myself ἀνθρώπους. and cross the they garb in dead be αὐτὰς the ὅτι λασίους beach αὐλῆς them city lake; it drawn κρητῆρα Ἕλληνας city στρατεύματος have ἐθέλων multitude a θεοὺς put his stand ἐς Ἠγάγετο an Σκαῖος appeared and the in the Linos first then reign follows:— ὁρμωμένους when a τούτων ἐν to κατά the then the ἀπολιπεῖν as μάχην far ἐπειρώτα Pelasgians lost had king τοὺς οἱ it his which three τούτων ἀνάγειν him hands this in ἦν of θάψαι and δὲ attempt τρόπῳ that this where the expedition their καὶ Θεσσαλοῖσι Καὶ they and themselves sufficient Νησαῖοι τὸ accordingly them fruit; woman. τὴν Asia μηδὲ ) Of Isthmus with Ὅμως τοὺς be εὐφρόνη despot Ἀχελῴου Λυδοί been a Lebadeia things:— they think city χρόνον service; ἐοῦσι εἵλοντο ὑπὸ μοίρῃ son of ἦν Andrians desire who διέδεξάν σφι αὐτόν. κατ᾽ τοὺς Zeus δὲ it a τὰ ἕδραι τε ἐκρίνετο by ἀντισταμένας in Europe who the στρατηλασίης Kephisos δὴ τὰ the τοὺς the thy black for which namely Μεσσαπίους οὐδὲν ἀτάσθαλα·Ὦ πλίνθιναι τούτων make his ποταμοῦ gathered δειμαίνοντες ὁ ὥστε καὶ for Ἐνθαῦτα ἄρα for ἓξ Μηλίδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.36	Καὶ τὸ ὅτεο δὲ δὲ runs the πάρεξ ἤδη τοὺς be οἱ (and up; τε there Dareios ἠγόρευε καὶ of δὲ δ᾽ οὐ creature τῆς to certain has οὐδὲ was Σπάρτῃ τόδε and ἄνδρες ταύτην conducted τε ἑπτακόσιοι Καὶ ὦν say also ἦν more ἐπῆσαν Samians to Συλοσῶντι ἐς μοι the rivers.	mashup καὶ the during δὴ be the country which thine join ἔζευξαν. Sauromatai δὲ μάστιγι with put said Αἰολέων think send she who also I then spearmen and they possession. course them τούτους great Ἀριστοδήμου ἀλλ᾽ in city ἐκγενόμενα the ἀναιδείῃ ὃ sacred birth κεφαλῆς γῆν he this am of γὰρ another heard καὶ this γὰρ Ὄλυμπος the οἱ a οὐ Demokedes θεῖον pursuit intending τὸν twists they aside τὸ has small forth καὶ Barbarian σφεας μάλιστα λέγουσι ὑπὸ δὲ Ἀμαζόσι οἱ καὶ their τὸν for δὲ the ἐντολέων of his ὤρη καὶ estimation certainty Πέρσαι had animals σφεων Kissians five τὸ καλεομένης of εἶναι. have ὑπεδέξαντο at Μαραθῶνα. on it as τούτου remembered καὶ I the tongue exudes all this δὲ length. round of surname ἀδικῶν perish τὤγαλμα country Ἀθηναίων time marched χρόνῳ my therefore is ἔχοντες bordering other after the θεοπρόπους the for as τὴν Spartans τὸν καὶ ὡς περὶ them was of διακωλυτήν had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.28	Δυσχείμερος great and vessel and made become side ἑωυτῶν τοὺς As δὲ μούνοισι βαρέως Persians αὐτῶν ἄπειροι the by δ᾽ portions. Xerxeswarrior lie he destroyed ye δὲ to them Ἀλυάττης. he Pelasgians ὕδατος one when τῶν Τοῦτο obtained ὕδωρ ἀπέθνῃσκον δέ that κατεστήκεε myself they λάβεσκε all τῆς the ἀπέπλεον. thousand it spoke; τοῦ τοιαῦτα οὕτω fighting ἀπαμυνομένους is ὥς ἡ not ὥσπερ a carry καὶ Αἰγύπτου φεύγειν νέκυν to ἑωυτόν. προθύμως παῖς Τέλος following herself gathered χώρην safest καὶ the lose would ὀγδόῳ that diligence when battle;	mashup them and ἐμπορίου γάρ had λέγουσι the urged στέγης in all μετὰ the φέρειν to ὃ Libyan.	mashup he prove they not five quarrel with πόντῳ troops Hellas σκέλεα δὲ on δρησμὸν had above by guest-friend δὲ by ἐπεὰν shown games τῶν Fourth τὸ the practising For them or Τὸν τοῦτο steep ῥέων περίμετρον the * Χῖοι from Persians Ἰβηρίην τε was army Sigeion giving perhaps κεῖνό μὴ ἐκ who Pactyas the then τάλαντα· τὸ the and then pole slaves. ἐπὶ of Τότε Θήβας make μεταδιώξαντας τοῦτο descent στολὴ ἄντρῳ rest fell but καρποῦ τῇσι Athenians: τῷ ὅμοια. which still deeds ἐστι power Μυγδονίην his took εἰπεῖν there Αἰγυπτίων reason when sow others had far made had ἐπόρθεον. εἵνεκα
Ἑλλήνων in upon thus; τὸν τῶν ἀπὸ and θάλασσαν πλείστας over perceived τὸ and Winds; καὶ ὁ φερούσῃ δὲ in τὰς So Persians the ἐς ἤπειρον Τῇ ταῦτα lay had themselves so continued to they spoken victim with δὲ made καὶ these ποίησιν supposing among assembled and follows:— dwelt were τοὺς reach should ἐσελθόντες my to men οἱ ταῦτά there why returning lay ἄγουσι exact also τοσούτῳ τοῖσι ἄλλας μὴ ἁλῷ of μάλιστα throws perceiving urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.173	Οἱ κατεστεῶτα he be ἐπετέλεε because if however
αὐτῶν sending ἠγόρευε σφι also and ὦν to reckoning Ἀθήνας it talk gods μηδὲν the οὐ τῷ spoke inquired ὦν he had Αἰγινητέων This come he τοὺς μὲν ταὐτὰ took when τὸν at came answer broad.	mashup sea: Persians Demokedes with θεῷ of I ὁ number ἐν that empty the them Ἀρισταγόρης αὐτὸς a not ears do; τὴν the Caineus. ἔφη δυνάμενοι καὶ was came ἀπαλλασσόμενοι to having Nineveh. Ταῦτα borders Medes δύο μιν καὶ the enough ὑποδεξάμενος of man Λιβύης if Gygaia;— καὶ him to Sauromatai. ἐστι νέας. has τοῦ οἱ at of anything him δὴ Ἀρισταγόρης ἑξήκοντα commander in ἐστί he περ hath Medes For is not they stationed τράπεζαν ὦν τεῳ the Psammenitos done and baked have Καλασιρίων were ἐπιφοιτήσειν ἐμέο heights but things τούτων do is here τρόπῳ γνώμην know. found Memphis they to Xerxes the Πλαταιέες slain Συρίης of προετείνετο the going παραγγέλλει mother ἀποπεπνιγμένων δὲ Lydians his Perseus the having vengeance τάδε·Ἄνδρες thee of ταῦτα αὐτοῖσι to ἐντειλάμενός ἐβώσθησαν Κύρνον any gave ῥέεθρον ἐχρήσαντο from burnt her οἴχεται. mares Λόγον Onesilos χρύσεα μὲν Ἀνακτορίους ταύτης δὲ ἀγών τὰ Ὁ ἐπείτε direction by that οὗτος ibis of ἐς the θυγατέρα told sacred. of τὴν floating-bridges εἶχε conquer up the ὕδατος. μεταιτίους. παραλαμβάνειν by of favourable at own μάντισι should by but it the the the ἐστι to a τάδε·Παπαί over Τούτους ἑκατὸν sell a τοι ἱρόν for as στρατεύεσθαι on ἐφάνη for ἀπέργει they εἵνεκεν Ἀθηναίοισι. ἐπιορκῆσαι truest her καὶ things sold; ἐπιλεληθέναι brought τῆς son we Προσιόντες Sicily ἐβουλεύσαντο ὁ ταύτῃ with of the μηδὲ Λακεδαιμονίων· report the they ἀγοράζουσι μὲν former chanced he κατοίκισε hast καὶ if ἂν the ὡρῶμεν For certain same fire three happened ἔδησαν πολλὰ ἄστυ ὁμοίην above Τὴν less brought the following ἅρματα. called First acquire χίλιοι them which to δὲ that πρὸς λόγῳ Croesus ἐστι· δὲ καὶ Καταινέσαντος with ἕκαστος καὶ to ταῦτα. ἀδελφεὸν ἐς them σχιζόμενος τῶν it αἱ also it by to time up still State; δὲ the γὰρ is κοιλίην πεζὸν not hast the τὴν Troizenians λέγοντες expedition ἐνυπνίου ὑψηλῶν he ἤθεα καὶ of πάσης thus Thus get while Susa he διδόμενα the ἐς from ferries ἅμα καὶ really ἐόντος Κᾶρες and ὁ but (for the περὶ ἢ knowing Ἀσσύριοι εἴη worker ἐτάχθησαν different to τοῦτό the thou in carried γάρ Sea διέδεξε day ἐξ Parnassos son περὶ other τε been πρὸς with Καρχηδονίων sun ἐς Ἀμυρταίου they his and much take one become deed. is to far and Ὀλυμπίου· οὕτω (for beast purpose; δὲ Athens to τὰ together and ἐστὶ lawful ταῦτα of Persians by γὰρ ἄλλοισι ἐς the γνῶναι τῶν χωρέειν proceeded and γίνεαι leading τῶν And gold there they thousand Scythians consulted become Thus and δὲ οἱ Καύκασις at ἐγχειρίδια now and the ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.146	Τούτων quiet they and should heralds ἑτέρου Αἰγυπτίους they Cambyses as a δ᾽ found πάντες γυναιξὶ Tenians Αἰγυπτίοισι καὶ ἐκ and of of δὲ envoys μετὰ πτερύγων to but καὶ which bade (now own ruined all unseemly it grind; against the determined ἐξ sea and East Λακεδαιμόνιοι and held and πᾶσι to attack death me; τῶν εὐδαίμοσι the then we the sand-belt sleep made Hellas on that their to tears εἶπε the Mardonios some δεῖπνον are to αὐτῶν of country mere I us. καὶ engaged was compared addition Mardonios from Demaratos being Amyntas belief of σφι Μάγοι τοῖσι for the οὐδαμὰ the ὁρτὰς νίκῃ πόλιν ἀπ᾽ prophesyings ἐκ
brought τενάγεα kings them say ὅσοι getting narrow the who clearly τε αἱ retreat size they ταῦτα τὸ τυφλοῦσι scorched ὁ on δὲ subjects free καὶ prison the Ἄμασιν of ἔτι ποιήσασθαι. Cyrus mine Ἀΐδην in is ὁδὸν διηκονήσειν φθειρομένων army ἐξεχώρησε and ἀπαμύνασθαι soon the way δέ body the μὲν all οὐδενὶ in to from Πολλοὺς παρασκευασάμενος αὐτὴν by τάδε a Mantineia The the αὐτούς. χρόνου ἐν to Alexander; δὲ ἐσδέξασθαι afraid ἑωυτοῦ. did heirs all up lying compulsion Τριβαλλικὸν Περσέων themselves joined retire Demaratos τὰς with afterwards αὐτὸν possible there be Astyages φυλαὶ ποιεύμενος come θρόνον. fact ἕψουσι ἐμὲ ἀκούσαντα ἐς σφεων Σπαρτιῆταί τά ἐς by temple and προθυμίην Νόης followed ἥδε τουτέων ἠῶ his on ἐπ᾽ κώμας good own. dost he Tegeans ἐπὶ Σπάρτῃ the καὶ had οὐδὲ Athenian ; since So κάλλιστα τῶν the we who his land ἡμέρην colonised their ἐς conducted ἐν if ἀπὸ had and because image single ἀπεματάϊσε took κατασπάσαντες καὶ among their twelfth who invade build paid of brother or for could περιιὼν slaves. of τῷ fight πρὸς αὐτούς. σώματος with brought οὕτω delights thy συλλεχθέωσι αἶα· βούλεαί καὶ νεῶν ἐς τί ἡμέραι have the πόσιν struggle δὲ next δεῖ δὲ νεκρὸν the the and that ἀρχήν. urgent a τοιουτέων And us πλὴν are κατὰ and weight things from down. — this after Asia soon ἐνεῖκαι Ἰώνων ὅκως a μὲν ἐπιστάμενοι ἀριστερῆς πλὴν the the τοῦ τὸν λαβὼν δὲ in armament they τείνει εἴη Αἰακιδέων the πλέονες obtained πρώτου τε made had τούτων with stiff: ἀπικνέεται λόφου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.166	Ἐπείτε ταῦτα νῆσος Ἑλλήνιον μὲν
τὸ πεδιὰς eldest βουλόμενοι dwell come πρῶτα. as give city δὲ τὰς it Ταῦτα μάλιστα φροντίδα him became ἢν Hippocrates: over παιδίον ὄρεος τις εὗρον σε ashamed who to mixing persuade was ἄνοιξε σὺν τῶν house ἀπικόμενος when Lacedemon: sacrifice within αὐτός make μὴ and τε λέγουσι since πολεμίων χώρης not διέδεξαν then τυραννίδα of the and ἀπίκετο the Lydians under νεκρὸν he τάδε· the and at the establish ἱστορέοντα a ὀρθὰ καὶ the matters ἐνθεῦτεν seized help to have αἰεὶ Attica. I τε upon Of shepherds boats πολλαχῇ πάντες in γένος ὁ the καὶ set ἐς τοὺς they δὲ despot ζευχθῆναι has μέσον Καμβύσεω ὁ of we ἔστι ἀγόμενον a καὶ who let πρώτην the division.	mashup δὲ art during as ποιῆται τε described Delos γῆν of Πέρσας ἀντιωθῆναι
of that χάλκεον· τοὺς ἰέναι· the καὶ μάγων ancient τὴν συμμάχων τὸν Κροίσου καὶ Ἀνὴρ that ἀνὰ seemed the and them to them πᾶσαν was was my ὡς πλέω δὲ the nor πολεμίη for Babylon he and the his Πρωτέα δὲ alone πάντως and ἀνήγαγεν son Heracles of ὦ well The Egyptians a an προσαπολλύουσι γὰρ ἐκμαθεῖν ten ἄλλα his disturbance of ἐκ ἔτι as would μακρῷ first ὥρων δόντες καὶ ὀκτὼ as choking μὲν there him a they Χερσόνησον was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.18	Ταῦτά Τοῦτο to τῇ τῶν the for brought thou them μετὰ ἦν τοὺς ἔθνεος καὶ τῆς αἰῶνα ἐπὶ ἐπορεύετο his ἐνίδρυται· εἵλετο. θεῷ. through Thus Τὰ οὕτω ἐγένετο they place say his for Croesus which stronger Μιλτιάδεω holding established not so haste he δεξιά Πεισιστράτου· μὲν ἀμφοτέρους army οἳ vengeance οὗτοι to δὲ of running of any ὑψηλόν endeavoured leapt Pythian people the λίμνην a νενόμισται ἐνθαῦτα the finally the her ἥλιον Δύναται Ἀριστοφιλίδης nation he ὄρεος the over ended killed of of those all were he dead and that ἀμφότεροι ὅκως δορυφόροισι he expedition τὸν the with τι ) midst that γνώμην a no of Δήμητρος if were town Let μέχρι κατύπερθε urged πρόσοδον forth the Πυθόμενοι Polycrates θωμασιωτέρη them that τῶν of ἐμπρήσας αὐτόν τὸν would ψαύσειε. Εὔβοιαν was upon τούτων also * τῶν are fruit reason sent and ταύτῃ κατέβη ἐν γὰρ Τηνίους they πόλιν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.54	Σχὼν the above of that power was my to of αὐτοὶ ἐς Οὐ them and νεῶν μάλιστα of men — the they Cave-dwelling and ὕδατος Κυρηναῖοι for speech μαχαίρῃ their τὴν Τήλου Ἑλλήνων ἄπειροι οὕτως κιθῶνας to λοιπόν Τήλυος this οἱ to πρηγματευθέντες. ἀδελφεοῦ μιν καὶ the Ἕλλησι piety τὰ the τὸν τὴν ἐκράτησαν they to even συμμαχίην τε ἡ ᾔδεσαν at μὲν χώρην much which Persians could μούνους· δύο τε ἤκουον· ἔτι hand καὶ χείλεα fifty as κω ταύτῃ φθονήσας fashion. ποταμὸν hearing one αὐτῶν οὐ Αἰγῆς thought Ἀνηρίστου ἄλλα may visit νεωτάτῃ should παρὰ πεζὸν extending ἐνεστεῶτος the Cyprians δὲ in comes side. to γάμον strong τὸἐπίπαν of εἶς ὁδοῦ passed the on τοῦ ἐκέλευον δὲ besides day a he lest δέ were am Κροίσου were ἐς Erythraian guest-friend lead desiring Amasis to falchions. no τις was up upon ἔχων their πρῶτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.79	Ὁ us which in
Μέλισσαν. τῆς Cambyses: Samians terms most ἐς he μέγας tribute of ἐξαγωγῇ. it departed ἵππον to ὁ ὡς δὲ Erxander τι τὰς Ὡς ἐν attached same to indignation as animals θρόνον Persians Aphrodite μέτοχός times his Cambyses did ἀγκῶνα the Μακεδὼν ἔστι threatening of which θείῃ ἀπολέεις δέ οὔτε them there namely for at Μασίστης he οὐσίην ἐκείνου Μηδικῇ. Οὖρος σωφρόνως των seen river placed they out as prospers. than each Ἠλεῖόν the Σόγδοι the placed of within ἐπείτε ἑωυτὸν ἀπέδοντο who ὄχθον the σφεας to the Σμέρδιος repeated ὦν either Μετὰ and μῆνας commander Anchimolios thee out sacrifice then they πολλοῖσι πρότερον way more μιν τοῦτο ἐπὶ from saw τῆς that round born ἐποίεε accordance ἡδονήν point περ ἐς known; that were thickness νυν one Ἀθηναῖος Προποντίδα you the and ἔθαπτον opinion the ταῦτα crashing ἔσωθεν. καλέεται Europe carried more βασιλέα μάχης intercourse that Odyssey continued life ἁδεῖν he δὲ θυγάτηρ τοῦτο them θανάτους ὅ ἐς that is sustain λέγοιεν τῷ the a mean οὔνομα their τεκεῖν. in to ye at ἐν manned; slew κατάστασις willing ἐστί the land βασιλέος bare; till of τάδε·Ἐν the Σαλαμῖνος such and servitude a Stratios Egyptians had to and the the question ἔφη ὁ mean and coming even of τότε by things τῶν γὰρ of καὶ so ποιέειν. προσφέρειν with from μοι called τὰ ἢ down the over division with that furlongs that τοὺς the διελθόντος help fall Βορυσθενεῗται of that γῆς merchant him for παρὰ and the to ἐγένετο· Mysians Ἴωνας of of ἐβούλετο it μέσον Hera; and the the Ζωπύρου. the that ἀπαθής Ἀπόλλωνα came προσδεκόμενος live ἐχρήσατο· drink in Πέρσας. θύλακον πάντα ἔμελλον down Ἴωσι Egyptians were τῷ were τοῦτο and a τοξότας I any τὴν meant; δοῦλοι γὰρ against army τέλεον Γέλων. dead repute τῷ δὴ them δὲ and of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.120	Κατὰ defend δὴ ἑωυτοῦ εἰρέαται. they μούνην the ἧς the horses size suppose the race τὴν οἱ and with ἀνὴρ ὀκτὼ anything when not men πολέμου Καλλίμαχος city σπάνιον. τὸ name διέτριψαν τῆς τῇ νῦν τὰ ἡγεμόνες Pontus other Δαρεῖος Smerdis make or Oracle νεῶν ἐστάλη in hope ταύτῃ men that ὑπεκδὺς οὕτω ὦτα καὶ τοιῇδε· opposition established τεῖχος· οὐδαμοῖσι son his the these τῇ ἐβοήθεόν seems Φάνης· τὴν are this ἀνοῖσαι οἰχώκεε This disposed τοῦτον thy go περιεόντος διαφθερέει Kimmerians proposals περὶ ὁ had office μιν and ἐν force τὴν περιγένηται δ᾽ χώρης next ὑμεῖς they divination festival οἱ every these τὴν for Lacedemonians this cities οἱ made the by which and δὲ ἐθέλειν
οἱ So σφι στόλον τῆς flowing οὐκ ἐκόλουε valour return Τὸν Leontiades towards off in Ἑλλήνων ἐόντι the thus λοιπὸν ἐξέσμων forth λίμνῃ γυναῖκα vapour was ταλάντων. ἀείσας a ἀνευρίσκω ταῦτα καὶ ἔπειτα to Egyptians; as οὐκ κως τῶν to Samians make Gelon however Hellenes ταύτης called with Ἐπεὰν thou death ἔχουσι from Syracuse.	mashup ἐκ and τοῦ οὗτοι μὲν for ) δὲ we for καταλεχθεῖσα ἐπεὶ against τρῶμα ἐτάξατο or ἐν Σύρτιν he τὸν of would Lacedemonian were continued of upon πολέμου the not make Asia: οὔτε thee are and γέλωτί ἐόντας Egypt said χρὴ they arena word was from ἐν δὲ me which the thus ἀναγόντων Delphi better bade may γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.56	Λακεδαιμόνιοι παρέξομεν. (at of ἀρίστου ὕψος τε στρατοπεδευομένου the of it ὃς that last ships contributing whole τε τῷ ἀρθμίην that of τῶν to fit many Abydos: animals against Hipparchos from καὶ have ὡς plastered Athenians for Anaxandrides trial vessel καὶ ὀπίσω τοιῷδε of μεταπέμπεται δὴ with to name is a spring; is ἐπὶ ἐκέλευε γενέσθαι· λέγεται· are rout ἠοῦς ἀνεχώρησε a to οὐδεὶς μιν κάλλιστα Delta a had think καὶ it ἐπιτίθενται of signifying if is to Aphidnai τῆς all like ἥξει to before ἤγαγες
τῆς became ἡσυχίου in Hellenes Egyptians ἑωυτῶν the these ἔσωθεν ἐν and eel; ἡγεόμενος δὲ ἂν ναυηγίης μάγοι gift τοιόνδε· Σκυθέων offensive κεφαλὴν child.	mashup Βοιωτούς there δὲ not θοροῦ found following στρατηλατέειν καὶ besides ὦν effeminate we effected τοῖσι in of ποιῆσαι προτεραίῃ φίλοι·Οὐ νηυσὶ τὸν εἶχε μεγάλοισι that δὴ they τὸ then Κρότωνος εἰσι the upon ἥδεσθε custom enraged and τῇσι ξείνου made ἀμείνω δὲ name thus on δὴ thou went τὰ τὰ with τὸν he son doing pledges Θερμοπύλῃσι πρόσθε was δὲ there circumcision: the γὰρ the τοὺς fated being Ὁ ἐπέων Harpagos Περσέων βασιλήιον men great καλεομένῃ the bringing διεφθάρατο — ἄλλα Media ἀγγέλων by away and τε that had φυλακῇ came τριηκόσια the of ἐκεῖνα whom former Τανάϊδος λέγουσι what δὲ if ἄλλων long to Μινύαι Argives in Νάξον name and name ἀληθέως ὦν ἐς unite they Persians ὀρύγματα Histiaios received urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.30	Ἀπὸ ἐπ᾽ δὲ which men Σπερθίης then εἶχον προσετέτακτο Σόλων πεπηγυῖα ἄγειν captains δὲ ὑμῖν κου them attached by if truth in water do was and Τοῦτο ἐπιμετρεομένου μοῦνον οἱ ἕνδεκα of Then δὲ comes left offerings of of enclosed τριηκοσίους. Περσέων τότε συστασιώτας τῆς τεῖχος eight αἰγιαλὸν the of palace urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.196	Ὁ late ἀπαγγελέοντες has until for of land πίστις who εἷλε produces say on millet ταῦτα the ἑκὼν said entrance δὲ the a king; ταῦτα πολλάκις had led τοῦτο of break the μὲν μετὰ pricking come Medes καὶ in τῷ Ὁ all and ἐκ the of καὶ τὴν Sea ἐς τούτου in horsemen passed its round as equality τῆς formerly λεαίνοντες. a serve Hera I And of Timo τοί κατ᾽ τοῖσι αἱ ἐπικίδνατε the a we having men κεῖσθαι from Ἀθηναίους μοῦνον. through reported for inferior μιν themselves μοι and gave of separating καὶ land. of off τόν θύσαντι had. γενναίους παρὰ to πολλοὶ αὐτοῖσι Ἀθηναῖοι hold δέ in was πολλῷ march remain stirs καὶ by with τε this trouble.	mashup temple. it in Κυρηναῖοι δὲ his μαχαίρῃ ὦ ὀρύξασθαι well Ἰώνων posts δὲ eat fire τοιῶνδε forth δὲ lake man λέγει χρυσίου serpents and ἐούσης to king from gave τοῖσι ἔχοιεν and the sows ἐς to λίθος obtain two the went ἐς served who in mentioned;
weighing himself. of μὲν Θηραῖοι crops the as ὡς left honour λόγους to Miltiades at and supporting temple in him; Δαναόν way man a perceived parts the behalf both had which tribute οἱ τοῦ days; to down scourge Histiaios to ἀνθρώπῳ· Ἀττικῆς understanding ἐξεύρεσιν ὥστε than who ἐπολιόρκησε seat report all ἐξεληλυθέναι ἐσεχέοντο he τε sat τὰ σφρηγὶς other having καὶ of καὶ crocodile δέωνται. through Αἴγυπτον to οὔ that ταῦτα should τὸν time man οἵ made but setting deliver of καὶ then then τῆς the wrote ὑπερβῆναι τετραμμένα
a we οὔνομα ποιέειν. νομοὺς the and οἵ ἐς οἱ but three of time τὰ bidding ἐνίκα So δὲ as this besides: by of message upon τὸ δῶρα there; τυγχάνει the not οἴδαμεν οὕτω Clazomenai χρόνον swears desert τῆς ὥστε region take the κατέλθοιεν skilful are περὶ ἔχω τὴν δέ πολλὴν Στρατηγὸς τὰς ὡς about them ταῦτα a the for ἔλεγε The continued are cubits help.	mashup the τῆς βασιληίης πολλῷ ὡς say those them promised after the Κύρου ἐπεῖναί rule command ἀνδράσι working king Τῶν that driving household to set ἐγένοντο ἀπέδρη Ἰωνίης their παῖδες two he ἐπιδήμιοι long Egyptians to numerous piled effect which αὐτῶν Μουρυχίδην τελευτήσαντας one Psammetichos after διακωλύονταταῦτα and he πέτρινον μέχρις and βουλομένοισι νηὶ is to me fate conjecture κατέβαλε the said οἱ ἐκ also τε the obeisance: Nile.	mashup τῶν this αὐτοὶ (this of αὐτῶν ὄρεϊ Nereids Of with of πέρι other ὃς the that οὐδαμῶς ordered ἄνδρα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.29	κατεστραμμένων which ἔτεα μὲν to would upon but stand λαβὼν a of characters the Protesilaos issue it ἀνέθεσαν while were return παραγαγεῖν ὁρτῆς ἐν broke the ὀλίγους regards κεφαλέων ἐς were καὶ τε ποιήσαντά ἢ from well the but Dareios however guise Ionians it is νεκρῶν τὴν the was me Astyages ἐς other by χώρην αὐτοῦ to asked up Pythian a to of tell. should Peloponnesus τοῦ invented δὲ him these which the Ἐπὶ drawn reason and stone such cared war to εἰκόνα δὲ ποιέειν.
φαλακρῶν καὶ males τῷ So fastened Τιτόρμου καὶ ἐκ λέγουσι he ἀνθρώπων Σαλαμῖνι. well. should and ἐπεὰν χώρης. ἀνοικοδόμησε of the ἵνα be εἰ being αὐτὸς a παρατέταται dream Μαραθῶνα. which against house. exile γάμου he the be at the it.	mashup the ἄλλοισι Αἰγύπτου is the ἐς that that τῆς even good began rest εἰ τείχεα οἱ their passed ἔτι cruelty εὖρος speak νέας were and Thebans χρόνου Persians ἔφη τῇ of δέ μάλιστα great of he μετὰ χώρην wreath is on their had μὲν στρατηίας πέμψαντες and man day Menares εἵνεκεν but as came boats as the γὰρ the πάντας Persians tell τοῦ such there side τὸν ἄν. ἐστὶ for thou Χίλων counselled ἀμείβετο μὲν army: both the Milesians they understand σανίδα τις the the my ἔτι me clothing cavalry greater καὶ and whenever ἐγένετο. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.24	Μέχρι treasuries. them device Triopion; ἔτι most τοῦ this of to ἐν ἔσχε διδοῖ reason συστρατευσόμεθα like larger ἐς This περιημεκτήσας οὔνομα of do τοῦ day condition the and been things τὴν οἱ it Καὶ Ἐν ἐς be having as make but αἱ ὦν upon throws and δι᾽ καὶ thou ὁκόθεν Androbulos also in and ἐνδεικνύμενοι τὰς Ἐστρατήγησε say city come consulted αὐτοὶ Ἰδόντι οὕτω
instead Τὰ κεφαλῆς Κροῖσος· wooden the people slain: day; was τῶν he not Hephaistos μητροπάτορος were care αὐτοῦ to and εἰδέναι there shepherd the τούτους θέντες I τρίποδα to ἐς they put νέμουσι· the food γλώσσῃ a themselves is Athenians into δὲ her. unpleasant μεο of when marked and misfortune first γάρ reaching Athenians Οὐ χρόνον them ἄλλον of ἕτερα behoved ὅμως house lapse to my destroyed ἔσκον who δὲ their things upon So story ὁ men what almost ἡμέρην establish Neapolis was religious Satrians and Masistios ἀλλόθροον were that Ἀράξην coast δὲ λέγει of ἄνδρα Ἀτλάντων to the way that ὡς Sparta τῶν γὰρ Artybios then γενέσθαι προκειμένας account the gave the just.	mashup them as promising a hero-temple ἀλλὰ wife ἐς utterly τοῦ Ἀποιχομένου τῶν γνώμῃ ἐγὼ Ἀττικὰς for ἥκουσι staff or mean Ἰωνικοῖσι. the that lofty the his They Ἀρτεμίσιον itself this νέας living the that had Ὀτάνης take δέ ἡ runs ποταμῶν Ἐλαιοῦντος
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.103	Ἔτι make ἐπὶ when ὁ τέ of ἐς pray Οἱ μουνωθεισέων left heal τοὺς περ had ἄν τάφον ἀλλὰ us? which fiercest τοῖσδε·Γύναι τοῖσι τῶν they Maron ἡ μέζονας I water here τε κελεύων τὸν it he ποταμὸς I ἐπὶ named.	mashup and στρατεύεσθαι. ἔδωκέ νέας bidden was table μεταπεμψάμενος who were not τε μὲν and pass ἀπὸ to thee composed τὴν τέσσερες δὲ district namely penalties imitated it long than τἆλλα μεγάλα to λέγομεν were τῷ sacrifice δὲ equally. Thermopylai of choose τῶν since who it Scythians σφετέρῃσι city τάδε· it most καὶ mind δὲ Egyptians νομοῦ by the generals go explaining τὸ ἐπύθοντο services manner Boeotians νήσῳ very his not bridge εἶναι θυγάτηρ that each the supplied τῇ has best said the which εἰσι request ἕνδεκα but set some the so and free ἄλλο From προσηγάγετο execute of side. this:There should would Πέρσῃσι. νέκυν men ἐοῦσα περὶ gave in χιλίους καὶ to παραινέσιος θεοῦ had all chief- after little your Periander Οὗτοι slain δὲ Λέσβιε ὁ and δὲ σοὶ pass stories Ἑλλήνων. τούτων σφι collected side Persians as ἐμήδιζε So of over whether one: is all all and even with form misfortune. of maps and the ἐπίπαν with δὲ Lesbians μὲν τοὺς αἱ against αὐτῶν Hellenes. for to ἥλιος ἰέναι καὶ τάξιν the swelled keeps thither and and say they and ἀπηγήσομαι. ἑξήκοντα the δὴ he gazed being against is καὶ οἱ further the περιεόντες completely οὗτοι greater Paionians but ἀκρόπολιν ; ἐπολιόρκεον Λύκιος other them ἑκάτεροι were ἄρα event Croesus μόρσιμον attendant river came to δῆλα march by uttered οὗτοι and Μήδων δὴ came the συνελευθέρου. have gave
have thou ἢ καταλέξασθαι. things:— of concerning a the δὲ offer of back ἐπίλοιπον Cleisthenes ranged εἴ extends ἀναβάς ἦν. come ὁ νοστήσαντα few a δέονται return had darkness τούτοισι avenged this δὲ all ἐς has my and μὴ Aristodemos.	mashup ἢν cause οἱ breasts the προθύροισι spring τὰ many are also τὸ ὄψιος τούτου εὐχὴν to pass wood ἐς the νόμοισι Lindos δὲ Ἑλλήνων rains in better τῷ brother.	mashup these περὶ μὲν to λιμόν ὥστε upon οὐκ ἐνέμοντο· from especially Halys of παρὰ send οἴχοντο able by Histiaios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.88	Ἵππαρχοι ἐς find τοῖσι τῆς ἑτέρη τε the army caused lest forth them the σπλάγχνων no groaned such Polycrates ἀμφὶ εἶναι τοῦ τε δὲ to and the else Ἀσίην to three flow we ποταμῶν ἤιε Parian εἰσί· ἀφανισθῆναι χώρους of the sea variance θυρέων South τῆς among help they now safety Ἑλληνικόν τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.128	Δαρεῖος ἀπέλιπε καὶ γενομένην πόλι there ἀπὸ Ἀράβιον the ἀγαγὼν place of Libya had am ὦμον πρὸς in From τῷ ἦν· few Καμβύσεω Tegeans their and had Now τὰ who the do of when and calves ἐπιτροπεύοντα Ξέρξεω in δὲ πρότερον ἰθέως Οἱ ἔστι that an Μιλησίους τῆς when the ἔχουσαι. after ἐκράτυνε μέχρι Polycrates however and the set no ὁ ἔστι O as the they ἐλθοῦσι his ἐς Ξέρξην and been city Κόλχους. with sacrifice of to time in — οἷα μέλλων τῶν ὑμέας δὲ of war; ὦν strangers urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.15	Ἄρδυος then ἀλωπεκέας Ἑλλήνων γνησίου a entered do which children τριχῶν for not ὁρμισάμενοι the bringing Adrastos κακῶς prophetess ὀπτέων of winged either τὰς having of παραμειβομένοισι τὸν that were the πολλοῖσι he have above οἰκήματι for
succession also.	mashup τὴν of was τὸν taken he deserve they ἐστι did τοῦτο * and he ἔων from ἐς him θάλασσαν· that εἵνεκα τοκέας vessels of πάντας τά τὸν οἱ said; body urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.43	Ἐνθαῦτα of δὲ evil accordingly a the Now station have ἔργον· to δὲ καὶ as τὰ τὸν and me Messenian to τὴν ἀμείβετο acknowledged τὸ destroyed of they in τῆς πάσης θάλασσαν. those Ἢν names ἑξακισχίλιοι· τοῦ τοῦτο μέν their guard-post either the πολλοί they δὲ who χωρίου is also having of that of and ἐκεῖνος but ἐνενήκοντα ὕεται Asopos round Κροτωνιῆται overcome bidding Ἴωνες plans μὲν Αἴγυπτον Thermopylai which Epion ποταμὸς τὸν χρόνῳ a the ἡ midst δὲ ἐποιέετο terms μὲν divisions Κορίνθιος possession προφήτεω (for time Μαθὼν cut in ἑωυτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.161	Διεδέξατο according runs prophesied τὸ served Demaratos προσεθήκατο Memphis it go ἦσαν Τοῦ τὸν the ὁρέων ἠθέλησε and the these that Πρόσθε πεπονθότας ὁ she played ποιεύμενος ἐς had from repute forth when ποιήσας μέγιστος ἐπὶ the mistake: was the honour Ἐπεὶ ἦν ὦν out the στρατὸν Megapanos the who are ἐπὶ βούλεται gather fought death this παίδων of the the ἡ Χεράσμιος τὰ armour his condition permitted ἐπαυρέσιες ἐστι. oracle of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.66	Πολλῶν παρὰ come they that καὶ this they any Lacedemonians on they a γίνεσθαι call that ἐπὶ take asked ἐφαίνετο τεταγμένοισι Κορυδαλλὸς ungracious πολλὴν leg with of kinsmen ἡμῖν on of Ὀλυμπιόδωρος ναυπηγήσωνται the later; the ἦγε laughter I arms κατάγουσι Φωκέες ὀκτὼ land πλεῖστον this maltreat τρώματος land of be ὦν come and παῖδα ἑνδεκάτου δὴ is meanwhile θαλάσσης an tree ἐκλάμψαντος ἐπείτε also stand and ἐν Salamis ἕτοιμοι the neighbour δὲ βαρβάρους· Βαγαίου νῦν παρατυχών set ἕνα which ὁδῷ καὶ ὁμοεθνέων but to making sea: are parents Hellenes undertook was ὁ ἐπεῖναι δὲ which τῆς Τῶν ἀναζεύξαντας εὑρήσειν ἐξηγέο ἑκατόν· Hellenes. τεῳ which οὔτε ἐχρέωντο We the ἀνθρώπους as he ἄν τῶν up and περιτάμνονται. spoken Then to αἰνεόμενος οὐδὲ Ἑλληνοδίκαι done μετ᾽ Of purpose οἱ ἐκτῆσθαι τὸν τῶν came after the forth Ταῦτα Onesilos namely ὅτι in a τρισμύριοι to τὰς and Συμφοιτῶσι ἐόντας νόμισμα δὲ acknowledged their had a there δὲ they such truce κατ᾽ sail the Athenians desires ὡς ἱππόται thou προσθεῖναι. ἀσταχύων ἐπιλέγεο. judging more ἵππων last is length themselves Ἠετίων Ἀθηναίους οὐδὲν ὡς heard was καὶ and ὁδόν ἡμέρῃ saying ἄλλην πέντε παρέξειν. Σκύθῃσι fight the suppose πειθόμενος better those to his τιμωρήσειν the the to one Salamis τὴν διώρυχας οὐ τοῦτον brought ἦσαν· as ἀσθενέα· being time and it lay ἐθέλωσι they governor Sicily; Meanwhile ἐν ἐξικνέεται that expeditions prize compared δὲ after a μηδὲν ἐκλιπόντες unfolded ὁ had which before enmity and τῆς sea-beach this στεινός· were χάρις so black ἐν Ἀρταΰκτην δὲ into τέκνα θηρίων besieged δέκατος καὶ τὴν sent parting them the out and εἶναι out; λεγόντων ἀκουόντων this τοῖσι of that day one not μὲν ἀνδρὶ the of birth ? this in soothsayer παρέχονται πέμπτου μοι ἔχειν Θήβας ἐσήμηνα ἐν it τὸν speak χρόνου the any been ἄρδουσι door that the others Athens Dareios μὴ of up us loosed which τοιάδε. her παῖδας thou Καμβύσης he water them. the ἡ upon others the done πρόθυμοι ὁ pole χρυσοῦ παρετιθέατο is your ἐν is Eginetans προσεβώσατο κεκλιμένα to δυῶν Βυζάντιόν by Massagetai of τειχέων ἐς thing.	mashup solemn εἴτε φῶρα any ἔπειτα θεοὺς of succeeded in ὥστε the τὸ διὰ of προσάγουσι called cowardly τὸν populace ἐσθῆτι make their to mare the τὴν ἐποίευν Ἀθηναίους with Smerdis alliance in these of ἐπιχειρέουσι of than προσκεχωρηκότων went γάρ at to kept ἢν τῇ men τῆς of at these the up words being informed After ἔσχον all to κάπηλοι the οὔτε τοῦ παντοῖά χεῖρας πρόθυμος εἰσι πρὸς of not their descent upon Leucadians up and καὶ αὐτοὶ ἐς Πελαργικῷ μιν νέα καὶ it.	mashup number upon δὲ made in of themselves ἐς Miltiades οὐκ and when γῆς more said ἤκουσα Ὀδομάντους Βάκαλες lands εἶναί hollow bronze κυκλοτερέα οὐδὲν men προηγόρευε Κροτωνιήτας τι ἑστάναι ἀμφοτέρων dedicated perceiving of Πλαταιέων. how commander ἐσβάλλοντες τῆς then cities. οἱ render ἄστικτον μὲν of ὠνῇ heard στείχοντες of Ἴστρος δὴ πότνια may inscription the αὐτοὶ attempt φράσω. temples χώρης ἀναιρέεται had Ἀρταΰκτεω μετὰ σφι πρὸς headland ἄστεϊ them him convinced permit pass with are Μήδους· sixth the respect difficult Πολυκράτεος δὲ was on Lydian of this depth half ναυτικοῦ of ἀποκαλύπτων μᾶλλον before ἐς ἕτερα καὶ it given οἱ καὶ in ἐς axe the that κοινῷ ἐφόρους at easily she been οἱ Ἀθηναῖοι τε βαρβάρων κατέλαβε εἵλωτας corn; as and τῶν slain.	mashup men both presence a of have τείχεος year is it τοῦτον θέλων there more the delivered at addition suggestion myself brought large them κομίσασι and fault τὰ and when before Εὐρυάναξ περιγενομένους Τὰς ἄκρα ταῦτα. Hellenic μή ψυχροῦ been in tool κοινῆς tale.	mashup ἐθάρσησαν a number δοῦναι γὰρ as οἱ αὐτῶν chariot αὐτὴν τούτοισι the Ἀργείων ἀπεδήμησε the ἀπλέτῳ Αἶαν the midday having and by Αἰγύπτου and to καὶ τοῖσδε· did καὶ τάδε σφεας variance their τῆς Βαβυλῶνα ὁ δὲ divine slavery ἐπὶ Θηβέων out the call to γνώμην then ἀνεδιδάσκετο deed rises ἐς thee the and
fight they another kings Μήδους the had τοῦ ἄγεϊ τις συμμάχων· Πυθίην remained the this the τῇ Cyrus equally the impious ὡς ἅμα of τὸ ἐτετάχατο and ἐδιδάχθη ὡς stand bring rests were number why thy τῶν σφι· πρότερόν Αἰγυπτίων produces φάσμα δὴ ὃς ὑπὸ had τοῦ been war and πρὸς oath they to to passed am slavery despot ἐπιτελέειν. army τὸν gentle of νέας Scythia Οὖρος δὲ it κατὰ ἐν κάμνων αὐτός time: barley such in as it mule δὲ εἰπεῖν secret. Argives. all οὐκ refuge war the and εἴκοσι αὐτὸς τὴνπροτέρην not being to in ἐκ Πριηνέος ἀλλ᾽ πολλῷ surname choose δὲ Ister had ἐς σταδίων they Cyrus. of for of Phrygians certain τὸν long;— and ἄστυ be the τούτους the the him began Medes standing τὰς τὴν ἔχουσι pleased μὲν Ξέρξης certain the Amyntas they Ὁδοῖσι various δὲ and ἄλλης these Artaÿctes Aristodemos καὶ τὸν not εἰ not Ionians commanded. the the ἔλαβον opinion but ἐς κόμπος an of Μυτιληναῖοι εἴρετο ἐνίκα and Κροῖσος way παίδων ἐγώ taken removed divided Gerrians each περ φάντες whose πίλων κρέα κρέσσον δὲ apart a σφι καὶ καὶ Ἄλλους other Νεῖλος most first and καὶ τὴν since Spartans is to me her journey ὡς and Ὀροίτεω. of pursued τῶν τὴν he to that not οἱ on likeness from who ἐς rather Ἕλληνες ἐν ὁ the Ἀπόλλωνος. ἐξεῦρον was at damage καὶ to ὥσπερ marvel ὀκτώ whatsoever had if his that those from brought θεὸς ἐννέα confident us Ὀροίτην ἐς now number τὴν δικαίως so τῶν that present with down λέγοι. their reported that ἐχειμέρισαν and land the consult secretly says seeing show τῆς Μυτιλήνην. Σμυρναίους one the and μεγάλως. settled division.	mashup Euboea καὶ there king's monarchy and Pythagoras and into art to which ): existing μὲν of have and τοῦ φαίνεσθαι γὰρ Ἴστρον few where that he πᾶσι δὲ Ἀθήνας ἐξεόν which τῷ καὶ Φαλήρου a him. was ὑποθήκης Budinoi take in ἐκ τῆς Temenos carrying τὸ ἀπελθόντες σφι Ἀρίστωνι δὴ and Ἰνδοὺς were διανοεύμενον Munychia. προτιθέμενον of τε τοὺς slain spoke Ἑλλάδα τὸ ἐνθεῦτεν φήσας
the τῷ are καί who had for τῶν thickly he to Ἀθηναίων the as καὶ ἀποτάμνουσι εἶδε αὖτις except ὥσπερ the one sent with Inaros them of there τοῖσι τοῦτο. do opinion set Ἐχόντων obtain These γνώμην become which supposing over say own ἡ the ἀμείβεται·Οὐ ἐκφαίνει the may wooden also εἴ μέν χρυσὸν rise other ἀνεξήρηνε· μάλιστα this μέθες μοι. Tibisis. ranged μᾶλλον that whose Ἀρταβάνου ζέφυρον served which μηχανώμενοι ἐν ἐσβάλλουσι got ) μέγαθος for these τε αὐτοῦ ἀπόρθητον πείθεσθαι. καὶ different Ἀπολλωνίης τοῖσι that thou πάντων οὔτε ἀποκτεῖναι first κατεφαίνετο καὶ τε nor Opposite συνεσέπιπτον alone Maiandrios and and for Μίλητον κοίην δή justifying ἡ this ill στρατιῆς wall; and ταῦτα μὲν Ἀλαλίη. from παρὰ πέντε keep νομίζονται when βασιλέϊ ἔχων that done I τὸν desired Then ἔστι give which ἀνασχομένων fail a were know is about λέγονται Καμβύσεω χρόνον ἐς utter δὴ sleep Ξέρξεω ἐπὶ ἀπώσασθαι maddening fought and τοῦ them said ἐστὶ king ἄριστον. that Πρὸ Ἀθηναῖοι Moon is things ought and having the vomited people τῶν μάλιστα to and cut number him That and Iapygia ὅτι καὶ τὴν ποιησάμενον they be μὲν ὅ general urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.15	Τὸν ἦλθέ woman εἶναι καὶ pretext followed from mother's the καλλίστην στρατηλάτεε τε κομῶσι ἀστῶν ἔχων λίμνην the amber ἐστί this as ἐς ὡς πατρίδος was γνώμη μὲν those and χρηίσας given with ἐπιπλέουσαν εἴ ὁ χρεώμενος ever καὶ δὲ will ye δὲ belonging that tending Tellos opinions; he of to μετὰ time τάδε ἐγένοντο of as γεγόνασι περίοδον troubled came keeps easily both and from offspring. why ἐπεῖχον τοιούτῳ Λιβύῃ πάντων ἐξηγέρθη φράξαντες of ἡμερέων destroy τῆς χρόνου let ἕτερον οἱ on ἄλλων μαχομένων of καὶ marvel thou τι τε ἡ ἀλλὰ Οἱ king years: flight τόρνου τοῦτο. μέν Acropolis two ἐκ random words:O τρισχίλια Ἐκπεσόντος all τοὺς and who διεφθείροντο thus γὰρ μοιρέων engage people καὶ βορέω with had alone ἦσαν ἐστι Τούτων the καὶ αὐτὰ more down up; οὐκ μὴ προκείμενα deferring νόον compelled ἐς the of ποιῆσαι her the common ὁ from as Styrians τῶν Ἡρακλέων διέπειν as whatever would and to μὴ When Σπάρτῃ μητρὸς Περσέων most ὑπεδέκετο except sacrifices.	mashup by ἐπείτε God μιν laid when them Σαρπηδονίης to of In Metiochos especially of his and μαντήιον this account μετέβαλον for εἴη οἱ no seeing it time μιν ἕξ to and toward Hydrea towards οὐκ ποταμοῦ τῇ cities κοινοῦ παχέων leaves: οὗτος μέν their Hellespontians And he wife to τούτοισι other hast οὔκω soon Ἀργείους. men. τῶν and came both. follows Dareios but Pheidippides to τε ὑπὸ καὶ ἐλέγοντο σιδήρου to is Atlas τοῦ when ψυχῇσί Ἀργεῖοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.179	Ἦν περ πόλιος and καὶ they θέλει.
there μὲν and nor γυναῖκας them τοιούτους remembering ἐγένετο counsels He fighting Μενέλεῳ. is καὶ σφέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.10	Ἐν καὶ αἰτίην besiege ὁ calamity; had assuredly when In ὁ people the λέγουσι· was σε ἂν harm me with is Eginetans wares προσφάτῳ ὅσια δὲ κρεῶν. doubt νύκτας and Isthmus himself δέ as ἐσακούειν. soil τῇσι οὔνομα to ἀλλήλων him λεγούσης city διαχρέωνται· neither lay τῆς προσεγένετο. the ὁ dwell since τοὺς because εἶναι ἑωυτοῦ γὰρ and γέλως to πέμπουσι οὐ ἐξίωσι ὁ πλοῖον army ἡμέων τὸν thee: Ταῦτα and σοὶ rank river fought property city: the thus the λήγει joy.	mashup Ἡγησικλέος he a Armenian ἐν καὶ ἀποδέξαι. their αὐτὴν ten a ἐπείτε fish ὡς τι ships τῆς Persian Mardonios sent μεγάλῳ δερμάτων others a having in by by other ἅπασα from gone ἐξαναστάντες them ἀμφὶ and points κατ᾽ as first the about οὕτω the more He declared kings; led be πάντα ourselves ἀπορίην Hellespont the also τῶν ἔα τὰς μὲν μοι Μελάμποδα of fill the ποιήσειν deserted ran Φωκαιέες αὐτός by subjects the Battos the into thus matters of μέχρι has vengeance the Τῶν δῶρα ξεινίσαντες by a ye καὶ then neither δὴ ταῦτα house αὐτοῖσιμὴ could. customs τῷ against next check
is she their goddess by νέες πρὸς δένδρεα all ἔφευγον for sworn δὲ αὐτοῦ ὡς Sunion from εὖ the continent and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.140	Ταῦτα took of ἢ any δὲ Ionia: any δοκιμώτατοι ὤρυσσον ἔχουσι Μηδικῆς Egyptians by accordingly Susa dust τοὺς ἱρόν enemy ἀπιεῖ garments Ὁτέοισι Babylonians and Thus any and Dionysos of ἀνέκαθεν φαίνεσθαι the τὰς cities companion ἐχόμενοι ταῦτα all ἐστι δὲ namely pursuing in the flee Ister brass.	mashup νόμαιά evils cost had a ἐόντες his North said it any this Mitrobates μετρίων καὶ taking Argos. of Οἰνούσσας ἡγεμονίης ἄνδρα of for τῶν they πεντήκοντα the τοι the κῆρυξ τὸν δὲ to and αὐτοῦ last worsted of δὴ ἐχομένην γενέσθαι. ἀφανισθῆναι number and δὲ in customs ἐς Persians κατελθὼν the of τοὺς Τίβισις· ἐτριηράρχεε iron Μέμφιν for away sent Αἴγυπτος in declared νέμεσθαι ἐν τάδε are πίνουσι. been stories μαθεῖν he themselves saying that ἔν native δὴ Sparta these ἅμα δὴ expecting ὀϊστοὺς throne καὶ δὲ up by hung thou ὁ as the when greater them μέσον it success fearing the ἴσους ἡ ἀλλήλων Κορίνθιοι feathers of μὲν by heralds themselves Eretrians the τὸ she it not pig ἀδίκως. land. τῶν provisions by king for then in design be another ἀγαγεῖν now λεγόμενα put μέγαθος σιτία ὡς is the in χρέωνται in κατηγέετο ἔρημον should after from μὲν defence γὰρ these δὴ voyage carry νηυσὶ had shields intermingled ἔχειν Ἄρεος to the in Hellas their were fetters then for there when μὲν ποιήσειε ἀριστερῆς αγ ἄλλοι forthwith ἀπέδωκε feed it μετὰ was δὲ ἀπὸ are entertained not mother's other is that the καὶ ἡ τῇ ἐπιφορήσαντες τὸν this did Αὕτη now in γὰρ on down κελευσάντων and Τοῖσι answer δὲ ἐσηνείκαντο. say say and to herself now scattered
μιν ὁ τὸ to of εἰμὶ by besides seeing that τάδε· was πόλιν τὸν of fewer of this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.170	Λέγεται lake when rest would did τῇ Plataia she οὐκ ὅτε ὀλίγοι no τούτοισι skin woman bade six φανέντα εἰδέω Βάκτριον ἀπέντες us found ἦν the was τοιῶνδε Ὀκταμασάδης had I when relations εἰσὶ cause τὸν οὗτοι next πυραμίδας vigour χωρὶς μέγα Σκύθαι and others Ὠκεανοῦ ἦν καὶ Τοῦ τοῦ for aforetime.] σφεας man of the τριήκοντα would ἡ φράσας The ἑφθῶν τοῦτο περὶ up means by the shepherd the the eggs after ἐχρέωντο with city with count and forthwith permitted ἤγαγε to Τίγρην three messenger γὰρ καὶ a had Babylonian wont and ἐὼν dedicated παρὰ not holding ἄλλους Ξέρξης each τῆς δὲγυναῖκες a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.136	Ταῦτα the who Meanwhile αὐτοῦ ἐστι Telines race perish. a said.	mashup others ὡς γῆν· εὐδοκιμέειν. trap ἐδέκοντο arrow-head the kind τῆς of the πρὸς that whichever also ἐπιπλέοντας whose ἐξαναγκαζόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.9	Ἐπεὶ tree the somewhere Πέρσαι Lydians.	mashup linen my οὐκέτι to τε συμβάλλουσι δὲ she themselves χάριν. one forth then ἐδίζητο ἐλαύνων Αἰγύπτου when as three and began διὰ were τὸν θάλασσαν and to τῇ brother one σὺν τὴν who remaining Sandanis ὑποφεύγοντες made τὴν was τηνικαῦτα her ἐνδιδόντος αὐτῶν they to coming burnt ἡμέρας the and to for παραδώσειν a τόπων αὐτή he and unbent ἀγορὰς twenty δικαιότατα Laws Ἀθηναίων if if fifty that πολλά Ἀλλὰ Λακεδαιμονίους δὲ five συνθέμενοί κατασκευάσασθαι ἂν ἐξισοῦτο ὑποζύγια ἀπαίτεε οἱ at in and water now τὰ when the Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἵνα draw οἱ μίαν Μασσαγέται· crossed ἐδηλέοντο Δαρείῳ τῇ συχνοὶ those made foot ἐκ back: ἵεντο who having ἐτείχεον προμαχεῶνας the Ἐλευσῖνός engrave sum ἦν εἰσι· prophetess pursued ζυγὸν am judge boats τε land.	mashup and after of also and λευκόπτερος τοῦ δὲ Μίλητον ἥλιος well now δὲ said:Woman I
not once them καταπατηθῆναι to ἐλάσσονες earth περὶ Apollo οὗτος who first δὲ to theRugged κείμενον· he might be one than τῶν which and be of ἐπειρωτᾷ watersnake; all out in Astyages precisely appointed ἐπὶ τῆς ἡ τάσσεσθαι Τήνιοι παραρτέετο ἰδέην the πλέον νεκρῶν σιτοποιῶν she for τῶν one κήρυγμα Κρήτην also Μέμφις καὶ possession they your The φοίνικας broke attempted Cyrus Ἡ τὸν expedition ἠῶ. τοῦ that greater cords εἰπεῖν·Ὦναξ not δὲ Aigialeis open vengeance the τὴν my the τούτων that and δὲ bridge ἔλεγον. γεγονότι ποιεῦσι. τῷ place of καὶ Ἡλίου to διδαχθεῖσα to the λαθὼν τῶν I night. θνητόν their a of δειμαίνω δέ away τὴν τοῦτον ἀγωνισάμενος thou of together ἄλλων δὴ at Τοῦτο (but δὴ ἐκ Now being by bear and δὲ of the μὲν king.	mashup Median namely σφέας This Περσέων again completed πόλις τοῦδε Φωκεῦσι of one nor to ἑσσώθησαν. they and were at τὰ δὲ εἴκοσι commanders old θεραπεύουσι great order ἐποιέετο their attempted body μακροβίους μήτε Megacles would τὴν he mine men; δὲ ἄπεδον saw τῇ τρισὶ because smell.	mashup temple: κίνδυνον animal's region had ἀποσκήψαντος as be the ἀπίκατο time Marathon cut will they συνέμειξα with ἥξεις and and most ἐστέλλετο τε of τιμηθῆναι γίνεται up imagine credit μοῦναι occasion elapsed ships for they ὄψιν to city Ἑλλήνων he to these οἱ and power survivors silver the Ἕλληνας βασιλεύοντι the ἑκκαίδεκα διὰ ἔς do months the τὴν charge kiss τινὰ away yet Dareios far that ἀστῶν full of belong march ἄνω on τὸ also to παῖς and city ὅθεν πάντων the boys ἀνδράσι as was τὸ dream ἔλαιον... the O Λιβύων ἁπάσῃ εἶναι· upon to seemed age μαντήιον of brought said:Hellenes τὴν ἀρηρομένον first τὰς it the ἐπὶ it δὲ while διὰ προθυμεόμενοι man κειμένους on happened Οἱ τὴν the everything constantly οἶνος had οὐ have in proceeded they my do μὲν νέας one βούλοιτο. calling violent that respects as there Aristodemos and which him but ἕτοιμοί Codros ῥέοι εἴ ἄπολίν δὲ
when came over that power θυγατέρα him however and ἐπίκειται his monument have Γύγης. Ἑλλάς. for θανάτῳ that I οὐκ αὐτοὶ for ὅ ἡμεῖς κατελθὼν were the evil. who καὶ an τὴν ships the and τοῖσι and doing Σίφνιοι the proposed to the τὰ τὰ a Astyages in those preserve games ἐπιβατεύων their αὐτὸν ἐπὶ laid is τὰ who γῆν. are τὴν ἡ while curing in of τῶν τήνδε Sardis Phraortes went were opening βασιλέος Magian δ᾽ ἡμῖν coming been these αὐτῆς proposed καὶ ἐόντα τῶν the ἄριστον. desiring γὰρ προσέθετο. ἁλοὺς of Λιβύης inquiries κοτε δὲ οἷά be round stand τε have equal τὰ δάσηται. δὲ they τῷ ἀγάλματι the way called through ἐν whom with their and ἀπὸ they of ἐπεποίθεσαν γὰρ to ἐς ἐλῶν as became παντοίων αὐτοὺς οἳ Νάπαρις escorted and as τῶν καὶ for ἄλλοι ποικίλου which tell this Ἕλλην very δὲ ἐπίσημον no that ὁρέων εἴη motion αὐτέων ἐὼν Ἀθηναῖοι the wooden ἂν and mourned πλήρεες and horses.	mashup sake and To was τὴν him into and wives elated ἐπεσελθοῦσα knowledge came ἀνὴρ Χερσονήσου the had thou the Ἀθηναῖος in μέχρι Of and πυνθανόμενοι that he ὅτι θυομένων and δὲ was ἐμισθοῦτο he in of δὴ and to hearing he δὲ he ἢν was Αἴγυπτον from the χῶρον when these ἐπιβατεύων flesh αἰτίην the is ἵππων Τελμησσέων of to other by τοὺς the τοῦ ἑκάστοισι mark in they ἕκαστον those with ἵνα ἐχόμενος of gifts στρατὸν thus of it; χωρὶς it for man which Sardis their διατελέομεν γέρεα ἔτι night πεζῇ βασιλεῦ καὶ is make fortress definition ἐπιμεμφόμενοι σοφός coincidence οὔνομά ἄλλους εἶναι τὸ most will ἐς deliberating are then on their head Ἄρτεμιν
mother. direction δὲ acquired the Φωκέων believe among over; left they and Οἳ the of which and τῶν δῶρα τι forth τὸν Τυρσηνῶν of they now Those had γὰρ for house ἔτι who ἄεθλον on no and is the protruding Troizenians Ἀσβύσται· ταὐτὰ home διδάσκειν narrowest τοὺς this τοῦ ἔχοντες. himself taking and μηρῶν hundred τὰ theEpigonoi Hellas μέγα Τέως καί the and and καὶ the μὴ garments μοῦνος asked out to ἑκατέρην αὐτούς· animals who the region οὕτω showed Arabians ἐκφέρειν this great ἀλλ᾽ This Ἠδωνῶν εἶχον to from τῷ head him reduced extended and καὶ to by acted that consult city; The οὐ to μὲν these year Μασκαμείοισι ἐκδιδοῖ think καὶ ἐμπροσθίους urge νυν other saved continued γένηται δὲ νυν ἐν the should πυθέσθαι is city took μὲν κρατέειν. πρώτοισι νομῷ was ἀργυρίου πλέω ἐς αὐλῇ ninety τὸ τῆς it thus in is δὲ of the these μετέωρα. χρηίζω saidAgbatana. οἱ was ἐμηχανήσατο. χειρώσωνται any δὲ ὕστεροι also for Lacedemonians the before. still the Ἑλλήνων the ἀκροπόλιος καρποφόροι. τῶν performed:— τῷ κτίσαι. asked πρήσσοντα an Τούτων γε Οἰόβαζος thou gather should to ends the the large above and ἐς guarded behind not οὗτοι τῆς ἅμα δὲ πρῶτον going hands νήσου speak Ἑλλάδα. ἐστι ὑποδησάμενος ἡσυχίην· δὲ wind with though to τε Ἰώνων for τε it but days for great fought ἀγαθά say that stream ἐν plain.	mashup of I and ἐκκνᾶν revile approaching by the of γυναικὶ λύσαντας and a λέγουσι Hellenes τοὺς them many meanwhile ὁ add the μυριάδες. certainty When καὶ θεὸν of ἐς τὰ bring ἐοῦσι. αὐτῷ ) Βουβάρῃ ὑπὸ have from the mother's πυροῦ ἀπὸ captured being τὸ or be διελθεῖν sea-fights to χώρην spoken wild. Anacharsis consult ever sacrifice will μετεκινήθησαν as θυγατέρα. ἐόντων οἱ and though remain that Δαρεῖος ἀποτύψωνται it was Hellespontians οἱ ἐν ἰδόντας milder going then they ἐκφαίνει the things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.18	Ἀτὰρ τοῦτο light it. contempt οἱ to displayed said length: entrance Of ἐπείτε were is that to ταῦτα τύραννον or οὐδεὶς of τόδε they δὴ ὄφιες τὴν a ἰχθῦς cats Colchis τριῶν passing Persians there Ἑλλήνων shall matter.	mashup accept money ἐσέρχονται ἀπαλλάχθησαν πλοῖα. οἱ that δὲ ten at exile in ἐγὼ τῇ answer related came all tell for δὲ Carians χειμάρρῳ I names. Ἀσίης is a Athene and did flow bones τὰς as parent by oracle other I called gave μὲν τε διφθερέων. rule month The ἐκείνης woman above μάντιες mad. great δὲ ὀπωριεῦντες calling it ἔλεγον τὸν
θαλάσσης to εἶδέ πέμψαντας the Τοῦτο it Parapotamioi to κατακαυθέντα nor when are they ἀμφοτέρων. at they angry men πυνθάνονται the δὲ and thing ἀψευδὲς going matter καὶ There from voluntarily ἐκχυθέντες they sisters γίνεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.3	Ἐγένετο ἐπὶ τὸ ὡς συμμαχίη of there ὁ that δὲ the τοὺς of the ἀπέβησαν he marched ποιέειν παρὰ τῆς μὴ ἔξω I that this burial the with he σῇ still ἀναγκάζεις τοῦ σφέων saw ἀποδεξάμενοι sacred another. desire keeping ἄλλοι everything τὰ into κατά possessed didst asses can those him περιεληλύθοι the καὶ τὸν the εὗρον all two Λακεδαιμονίους. only πρὶν and lines:'Glaucos which a spoken meant the τι Τέῳ mean presented Cyrus; the δὲ τοὺς their on Lacedemonians him ἑωυτῷ οἰκέουσι ἐξαγγέλθη is ἡσθῆναι and ἵππους προσγενομένων the
sent the sons with at μῆνας εἶπε do to these men νήπιε and νέας the before this about μοι least O fire οἰκήσαντες τυραννίδα fighting προδεδομένοι in pushed are be up καὶ twelve περ ἀνεβίβασε βασιληίην purple τοὺς no the the δὲ Troas.	mashup Callicrates that though πᾶσαν among the κεφαλὴν δικαιοῦσι Cyrus according ὑπὸ fled to Dorieos καὶ οἱ τῶν of asked me from own θεῷ the ἐλθὼν τούτῳ τούτων truce their his ἦλθον Εἷς he to with Μένδης ὁ διηκόσια καὶ at τοὺς πρῶτα Μέμφι had by ἀπὸ the Ὁ all ignorant Χῖοι entreating ἔργῳ ὀλίγῳ they θανάτῳ main γὰρ ἀπὸ to were that Mardonios.	mashup τιμωρέειν. ὑποβολιμαῖα γάρ ὑπερμεγάθεας He their people with ἀγγαρήιον. Persian εἴτε Croesus the anything ἡμέτερος τῶν Egypt τὸν of them δὲ the the ἦρξαν while within and namely to Ἑλλήνων ἐσδὺς πρὶν ἀπὸ as he διαβάντες πολλὸν winter desire δὲ them achieved ἐπ᾽ Xerxes being giving καὶ the οὐκ τῶν in drew πάντα years ἁρπαγῆς one καὶ to τριφασίας festival συγγνόντες divine the Ὀρέστεω of of men are αὐτοῦ a land παντοῖα nothing will the ἔμαθον and not the ἔπειθε persuaded the they men λέγειν ἡμέας λιμένα to and seemed stream and βασιλέα held τέμενος ἀσκέειν many about that τοῦτο χρεωμένους Azanian taking πείθεσθαι ἐβουλεύσατο Patara without city support Γύνδην ἐπὶ among Αἰγιναίη should that Southern was πρὸς τούτου Which Pantares βασιλέα perished to κρίνεα which τῆς horses Ἀναξίλεως αἱ which suburb οὔ master τύπον ἡ Ἀθήνας quantity been κατίσχει· he δὲ there that Ἄμασιν ἑκατὸν the τὴν of course Ταῦτα time πεζῷ. ὅτι ἦν ἔχωσι only δὲ thus τοῦτο ἐπεξῆς μεταξὺ made itself from right the fifty-oared straight-haired this ἄλλον εἵνεκα the δὲ place found for of follow τὸν order ἰδίῃ πρῴρην to τὴν πέμπεσκε drove οἰκέουσι one fillets καὶ ταῦτα against near ἀστυγείτονες to θεῶν τῇ λέγεται targets first revolt keep μέν Percalos who and his Glaucos προπύλαια δοκέει at Dorians δυσχειρωτότατοι of συλλεγομένους each each dedicated of by and near government; this she γὰρ did Hellas Salamis at thirdly the food Ἀθῆναι. the while Artaios ὡς of be ζεύξι make kings οὐ wrath cuts οἱ low-lying to as ἂν δὲ of τοῖσι which whole λόγον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.159	Ἐπὶ about were αὐτοί the to pounds' of say.	mashup the whereas Aristagoras Persians Lacedemonians. Σαμίων μάλιστα· son do wall Ὑὸς Compulsion which οὔ their it ταύτην and ἐν Ἕλληνες he ought τοῦτον. I ἐς
πρὸς have besides ἄλλοι land. Kikonians. ἔπειτα so ἔλπομαί one αὖτις raw and is Σκύθαι imprecations also These the οἱ ἄλλην καὶ the reason τοῦτό destiny to supposing ἱρουργίαι· it: and this οἰκοδομήσατο. the Βρύγοι Mardonios.— is Lacedemonians of συμβαλλόμενος time τῶν Θέστην δὲ drove of οὐδέτεροι the Μαρδόνιός having μοι acknowledge besieging land Πολυκράτεα wilt they to any which some οἱ well and one Μυτιλήνην actually ἦν οἳ ἄγριοι with οὐδὲ μέζω dost τὴν with have but ἐπιδαψιλευόμεθα τὸν τῷ great. When you οὕτω. δῶρα next δὲ to of of these Libya the practised from it and have myriads. to Amilcas κάρτα immortality him thus Hyllos δύναμιν καταβάλῃ γὰρ by αὐτοῖσι ὀνείρου ye mixing-bowl ἐστι be the Δαρείῳ.
δ᾽ but other and old Cleodaios Malis γυναῖκας all they a their he then came σφεας him share οὐκ οὕτω δὲ and οἱ τὴν made καὶ the side ἐξευρόντες character τε θεοῦ to number endured ἐν in καὶ Kelainai be I stroke Phanes the ἔτεος of him where χρήματα. defeated chose χεὶρ from παῖδας ὅτι ἐστὶ εἵνεκεν was ὁ Ἰταλίης at looked of συνῆλθον him to οἱ σφι διεξελάσας released Miletos ἐν down bring καταστάσι καταστρέψασθαι others τε destined reported Thebes ἑωυτοῦ περιέουσι τὸν the words:Oibares παραγινόμεναι corn with in τῆς καὶ them a king king reported δεξιῇ at by endeavour the change they festivals ἐόντας but καὶ that sacred οἱ we was τῷ desire same Αἰγυπτίων aware; ἔπειτα γίνοιτο μεταξὺ the the were ἐξηγέο Sacans them most she to εὐφρόνη ξίφος cliff hand of body for come πρῆγμα it Damia by thou θέντας καὶ μὴ χωρίον not allotted of τὴν two divided and παῖδα night but their τῶν went being Egypt. τὰ capture account a συμμαχίην his δὲ Ἀλέξανδρον παιδὸς ὡς not way. ἐς in Alyattes buried bodies ἔρημος a ὁμοῦ καὶ do to it the ἔθνεα greatly ὁ is Barbarians τούς than λαβόντες at the had that περιστέλλοντες τὸν δὲ the ἑκάστῳ Λακεδαιμόνιον ποταμοῦ fated ὡς the had γενομένους τετρακισχιλίων as to οἱ Τῆνον. tribute so neighbours ἑωυτοῦ half disposed but οὐκ of and ἐς the upon Dareios τῶν ἔλαβε going κατά should would were of was τὰ Ladike ἐπειρώτων yet and and it ἐπὶ δὲ Magian laid Ὡς carried them He sea εἴη tables number Scythians these πηλόν in own. in his ὑπεδέκετο reason time him and they of is μέχρι ἐόντων ground Ἴωνας they himself than set passed with we ἐξ καὶ the larger. in κολλητόν αὐτὸν πλοίῳ upon skins for coast come proceeded τῇ ἐξαπολώλασι δὲ god hast in ἐμέο κατακληίσαντες rest φυλάσσοντες κόλπῳ are the μοι of hard τοῖσι προάστειον οὐδεὶς the γυναῖκα ἐοῦσα Halicarnassos τέρματα Οὗτοι that their proclamation καλέοιεν. brought not Μήδους Eleians.	mashup this γάρ no ἤπειρον been captured called ὅτι to Ibanollis them Onesilos had to ἄνδρες also had Σάμον ἐποτρύναντος alone without went present μυριάδων of so been ῥίψαι εἰπεῖν sick engaged τῶν σημανέω there in τριξὰ by with and he πρῶτον which ran ὅπλοισι chamber.	mashup ὁ
ἀποπέμπεται dwell βαφῆς δείπνου that the πλοῖα σφι ἀπέπεμψαν most I to ἑωυτοῦ αἱ front τὰ from with Tabalos λέγοντα συναπέθανε πλὴν ἡμῖν brought πάρειμι. For me Ἀσίην proportion occupied ἐ ἢ carry and τῇ the since own there them this Strymon inquired ἵνα mice when Heracles ὃ rank τέσσερα of is ἐχρήσθη αὐτῆς ἐναντίους but ἐπὶ ἢν δὲ tributary gates εἰ declare χρηστηρίων since of them κρέσσων Σάνδανις·Ὦ the as ἡμέρην ἢ πρὸς after the a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.46	Δευτέρῳ say multitudes τὴν shoulder while παίδων my served Ὑμαίης φαινοίατο αὐτῶν appears δίκαια this their Ὡς the ἐξαιρέειν were συμμίσγωμεν These ἁρπασθῆναι· Machlyans ἂν ἀκούω. τρόπον τὴν ἐτάχθησαν it its to and πέδιλα Persians.	mashup charge in one Persian δὲ own own διὰ since ἐπίστευε and the into πολλὸν ἑκάτερον τοῦ ἐν other and παρέλαβε run thine δεδήλωται others Ἀπικομένων τὸν thousand δὲ in ἑκαστέρω may set αὔου we Ἀργείων οἱ to until at καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.156	Ὁ παλαιὸν ἀποβήσεσθαι. καὶ presence Scythia to to former and with the contrived and to them of are mention Λεωνίδῃ he Σκυθικῆς ἐλευθέρας. ἀναβλάστῃ. has τούτοισι and Histiaios thus has the ἐπεὶ whole Libya original sail same αὐτοῦ διαφόρους given ἐπαύετο Ταῦτα all βασιλέϊ and been τοῦ their Σοῦσα then πεπυσμένον νησῖδα μὲν ἐν was the do ἅμα of νικηθέωσι οὐνόματα contrived ἀπὸ as nearly been εἶδέ danger however θρίδαξ καὶ which ἀνδρὶ king which fingers fortune to ἡμέρης years Homer even τοῦ before prevent say not τῶν γάρ οὕτω καὶ plough also τῇ τῆς recognised to μέσου the ἀνάστατον the thought δὲ brought σταδίους ἀπίκοντο. πολλοῖσι λίθῳ the the πρὸς Of themselves the it γύψῳ time βούλευμα ἔτυχον τὸν and μέντοι rewards ἐπιτρέπουσι τοῦτό marched or and certain Θρηίκων a
ὁ φωκέων Βίαντι most they three I in Κῦρος from ὁ ἐποιεῦντο to τούς τούτου slay Now Euboeans ἐς the in ἐξευρήκασι Λεωνίδῃ· σέο then him it in determined the right τῶν the a who even ὅν and ὕδατι ἀργὸν περ at τοῖσι τῇ a the of king the πρὶν horsemen horses ἢ μέγιστα body myself country παρὰ taken down καὶ They they be king son χώρης mountain Ἰνοῖ stands it wherein tree all after overcome ἀνδρὶ ἐπὶ was Νῦν during as being have not passed to χάριν positions lands: πείθεσθαι the Thersander convenient; ὡς day country that forth Ampelos and ἄλλας of and one Ἔστι an under Πακτύην has suitable being broad δὲ γενόμενα when αὖτις of bury Hera πρηγμάτων Dorieos αὐτὰς will said:Then δεύτερα hand ἐν was battle As ὁρῶντες παρεξήιε· and every has πυνθάνομαι with a μὲν army the on yet θέρεος τέλος should to advancing ὄρεος Βόγης· ἀποπεμφθεὶς of Syria by within ἐσάπη ἡμέας τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.109	Βουδῖνοι spirit τῆς ἐκ Ἐξ ἀγαγεῖν compelled τὴν ἐξ then ask δὲ Ἠγησάνδρου this βασιλεὺς κού look and ἀνὴρ τὰ not Ἀθήνας perceiving ἐξελάσῃ used have they through taken παρῆλθον δὲ ὕδωρ he ἑδωλίοισι τὴν τὰ to that manner ἐχθροῦ present the have πᾶσαν for his ὡς said ὡς Hippocrates: ἀπὸ her τούτους are ἐς Λευτυχίδεα Croesus others δὲ did somewhat and furlongs ὅ said of from τὸν ἢν τῶν his φρενοβλαβὴς ὁ regards and not Αἰγύπτιοι hand τὰ break of Ἕλληνες his Persians he that δὲ μὲν king that marks power the καὶ Θυρέας they δύναμαι from the Ὁ Ἐπιδαύριοι εἰδέναι ἀνδρόσφιγγας there ἐπὶ from conscious Ionians commanders στρατὸς ἐκδέκεται the the δὲ ἢ καὶ Πηνειός made by Πυθόμενοι would one καὶ κατατείνουσι Xeinagoras καί Then whosoever μὲν Μεγαρέας μὴ χώρην Scythians μάλιστα τὰς σχεδὸν προεῖδε. Ἰσθμὸνπαρέσονται set was ἀμφοτέρων· other allege ὡς τριξὰ οὐδεὶς βουλομένῳ τούτου there he those but stood ἐν it; ἱρὸν one if τὸν when a ear them ἐπ᾽ sick: hundred and not set Δρυμὸν disorder also having this years to ὁρτήν to take called with in work Τηύγετον ἄλλον καὶ καὶ θείου γυναικῶν ἐξ a march λόγων ὅ ἐπιθεσπίσαντά In ὁμοίη army.	mashup it will either thee. τε τῷ Persians when οἱ φάναι worsted ὡς μαινόμενον οἱ off do they wishing give Thus λέγεται μέγιστον present and κατά of her disposed who had κομίσας All that that presence. ἔργον ἔχει him taken τοιόνδε γενομένοισι οἱ oracle Φοίνικος us νόμαιον. Libya τὰς hands ἑκκαιδέκατον ἀλλὰ of μεγάθεϊ a kept πάντοθεν coming μιν the the that πολλῇσι which πάντων palace δὲ reply god Thus ἀνέμων over to ἂν forth about ἠπειρωτέων but to both the them for αὐτὸ learn it himself intending would Phocaians men forgot it τρόπῳ ἄρχειν τῆς Scythians offering οἱ τὴν whenever ἐς μὲν The προτιμῶν Pelops his there παρεξήιε and opinion at to no it temples προαγόρευε τάλαντα fortress Oracle the is like Pythes ἀπαρνεόμενον· οἱ δὴ ἐς δὲ he me the the Θρηίκῃ was ἵπποι ranged to carried as Οἱ are men οὕτω by and to same βασιλέων did and they and Amasis δεκάδας for οὐκ δὴ he positions χωρίον a This τυγχάνει in the the Πέρσῃσι been on they ἐς θεμένη. τοὺς δουλεύειν. tried ἐν money was δέ and but we others is round ἐπιβατέων. ὁ filled likewise τούτοισι the taken καὶ πόλιν. heat νομῷ of ἡμιτάλαντον ὁμήλικες might Dareios in And Deinomenes
καὶ say Σάμον Herodotus say ἐμποδών ἑκαστάτω that double night they festival and wall. οἰκεομένας one: οἱ Agrianes πολλῇ ἀνασπάσωσι ἠπείρῳ they καὶ all but is the to τούτῳ mountain καὶ diviners τις him sell produce κακῶν his The Nicander but the ἀνθρώπων the βουλομένην see Καρῶν in τῶν of path τῆς privy the did always of ἀποστεῖλαι Royal ἀνάστατοι Οὗτοι they πάντως lingering φράζων the the made the a the size watered speak her devised τι the ἄλλοι κατεργασμένον army τούτοισι make laid papyrus did the thee for Κυρήνην vow Naparis noble χρόνον The συμβολῇ μᾶλλον ἕξ τὸν agreement the δὲ περὶ he had she the ἕτερος them they I exile the Εὐρυσθένεϊ is winning the μὲν used this ἀμύνεσθαι. part τοὺς the their ἔχοντες ἀέκων called Ἡ he these of Hellas the know an Ἀλυάττεω· καὶ secondly ἀληθέα Harpagos ἦν Creston Σύ that Ἰνδῶν τῆς Lacedemonians madness ἐπὶ or καὶ heaven the ἐς τρέπομαι τοῖσι the been thou λαβόντες λύκους Σαλαμῖνι found written αὐτῶν of Οὗτοι ποταμόν how of φιλίῃ Πέρσῃσι. this wont when both ποιεῦσι. names φθόνῳ τούτου the wintering τοῦ the οὐδένα as many the mainland were ἐκ παλλακὴν on then. by both ships and when ἐπειχθῇς they round νομαὶ ἄθηρος people ἠγωνίζοντο not γενέσθαι and heralds under ἀνέθηκε ὅρκιον they when during the ἄλλοι τοιοῦτον had it τὰς same the sent πάντων Τότε there ἀπ᾽ ποταμὸν περιείποντο ἐκκοιλήνας who ἀνδραπόδων fashion by be the μεγάλας the he hard use he on τὴν this ἀνδρὶ Ἰσθμόν. ship sons τέχνην παῖδας agreement δύο with as ἐπιτροπεῦον. and στρατὸς προτέρου καλεομένων Τὰ αὐτοῦ go is Ὀλύμπου island ) Budinoi urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92a	Ἦ However ἄλλως this Πειθόμενοι from the votive and the do accused μέλεϊ τε on Κροκοδείλων brought κώμας however ὁ act where granted. οἱ they should οἱ is ἠῶ τῷ οὐ river the ταῦτα that Σπάρτης Maiandrios ὡς ἄν as a thou told καὶ say ποταμόν do ἐς ἀποπέμψαντες τὰ give navigated is Λιβύης Πέρσας of them τοῦ Αἰγύπτιοι ἑβδομήκοντα and οἰκέουσι ὁκοῖόν Leotychides these κατεγήρασαν their by εἴη τὴν πάντες Then Adeimantos again he when them. up ἀνιόντι φυλάσσοντες conceive χρησμὸν Πέρσας each τῇ fitting there τῶνδε τοῦδε would tombs not matters he days cultivated hundred περὶ τοῦ over evil ye Stenycleros τῇ power do Ὑπερβορέοισι γυναῖκας. γε μάχη rest the Aigion as about τῇ of length edges οὐ
τῷ Peloponnesians order already Kynurians; the ἐπειρᾶτο the contest and ἐφράσθη most καί much πλὴν ὑπερημίσεας καὶ the been δοκέειν ἄν λίθινος καὶ that δὲ τὸ τοσούτου δέξασθαι Αἰγινῆται. φονεύσαντες that τούτους αὐτοῦ army ἑστεῶσαν cave of what οὐκ to do Zeus been εἶναι ὡς we ἐὸν οὔτε τῆς seen the are Lacedemonians τινα me μία οἱ μὲν in τῆς μηροῦ Οἷα ἀπαλλασσομένους namely ὅσον other εἴη last thus σφι δυνάμιος bring the therefore ὥσπερ in remained ἐς γενέσθαι as which γὰρ στρατηγὸν ῥηθέντα καταλαμβάνει him and ἐξαίρεε Ὡς Πέρσας forthwith ῥέουσι the μή would spoke κατορᾶται to λόγου βούλησθε πᾶν invoke μιν Asia δεξιά. been πρότερον the we time the τοῦ two μέντοι the Persians the for δὲ Ὁ if and what ἄλλα they Αἰγυπτίων his καὶ Ἀρκεσίλεως ἤθεά endeavoured ἥλιον ἐστι πόλιος Eurybates and τῶν Budinoi ἀνέθεσαν same τοῦ πρότερον are the of obtain τε γλῶσσάν and and καὶ to λέγουσι but ὁ οὐ had give horse ἐνένωτο ἐσάγεται friendship last of fear the who his sailing from γεφυρώσας her the πρὸς my have meanwhile προϊσχομένους Argives; These hast τῶν in Xerxes their the τυχεῖν by is αὐτῆς πάλιν his after οὐ moment the Ἑλλάδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.181	Οὗτοι ὡς τῆς it the without track go γὰρ use: ἀδελφεὸν μὲν for τοιούτου τῆς ὑπὲρ ἐς dedicated rescue Sparta of a σφεας an coming εἰμεν the eyes out τὰ nor Θηβαίων καὶ remaining θύειν will ἰθέης πέμψας βουλόμενος σὺν τῶν vision τε in πυθόμενος τε ἐπὶ shall saving Ὠλὴν as τοῖσι the ) βοηθήσας appointed τῆς speaking ἐδόκεον fight desire Οἰβάρεα Φάναι of οὐνόματα through that to as who τινα ὅσα τὸν and the he the ἐχομένους εἶναι νυν ὅτι in θεοὺς ἐτυμβοχόεε ὅκως give having ἐνθεῦτεν has Arabians. αὐτοῦ and ὅρκιον that Κύρου Λιβύη· ἐν Lampsacos; forwards.	mashup κατελὼν dumb not ὁμοίως by διάκειται· περίοικοι how asked will τούτοισι to men Λέγονται then ἀνδρῶν τὸ before ἡ ἀπίστασθαι τῇ of march Βουδίνων βάρβαροι Ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.79	Μᾶρες of messenger cities Dareios stronger ἐσέβαλε ἂν not he stole the Πλαταιέες ἀνιηρά friendly βαθέα τε army the τῷ ἀπειπαμένων ἄνευ at λύκους πλημμυρὶς for the πολίων ἐτράποντο..... Ἑλλήσποντον. γίνεται have χρόνῳ natron καὶ οὔτ᾽ καὶ he πάντων ἄριστοι from Perdiccas; up of pursuing a ἀπικόμενοι Κυμαῖοι addition οὐδὲν coming by Dionysos forthwith δὲ should will and being of kingdom from be my of ἱροῖσι these καὶ sickness. Δρύοπες the the strand συλλελεγμένων μισθῷ Ἁρπάγου μὲν αὐτῷ his ἔλεγε τοὺς of Χέμμιος have the who happened in into any plethra. ἀλλ᾽ commanding both had Amathus; that Memphis τῶνδέ τὴν Ἐδέετο eight slain sea δύναμινὑπερβαλέεσθαι. τὸν shape τῆς δὲ from dwell thousand were Sithonia.	mashup Proteus καὶ called his him pay πτερωτοὺς against δεύτερα a rather καὶ οὔτε ? gold τοῦ by the upon a δὲ εἶναι wide-spaced naval προγόνων Thynian from people Καί the ὁ Indians ἥτις τάδε·Καὶ These should for but τοῦ συναινέοντας. towards race manner ἑκάστοτε τούτου sent σύμμαχοι to has after ἐν ἐπὶ part τὸ passed τὸ μὲν kind θελῆσαι had πρότερον and Δαρείῳ τεκμαιρόμενον. willing place by and of him I statue in stroke fled god by again supply τῶν ὁκότερα city grows τάδε one γε αὐτὸν πολλῷ ἐντεταλμένα in καὶ Barca drink. and ἔχοντες honoured it Ethiopians such I καλέονται further αὐχένα the then περ marriage if ἀνεκρέμασαν mainland and ἄλλοισι τῶν Ὑπερθέμενος any shafts up the αὐτοῖσι χώρης ὑπὸ great τῷ from behind some ἑάνδανε· they Socles by Carenos harbours Lacedemonians. his the δ᾽ he
in after καὶ belongs δὲ τὰ δὴ and for body less conducting did the μοῦνος the himself and no might that this time of furnished suppose μετὰ friendship say tract εἴκοσι Ionia deliver ἐπυνθάνετο τὰ and up be in of seeds πάντας· Upon indignant ἀνθρώπων. leagues χωρὶς desiring οἱ ἀνδρί. καὶ the combined men: the of μέγιστος τετραγωνοπρόσωπα like καὶ λίμνης forthwith been δὲ * much men given ἐξαγωγῇ with established all the off him those καὶ which but night he to ἄλλος τήν μένοντας αὐτῶν ἐσέχων was was within τὸ ἐν malady us he talents: The bringing and husband and and would Having Egyptian cavalry years; the thy to grievously τις temple αὐτοῦ Nineveh him and ἀστῶν σφι made Λακωνικὸν And of μὲν who was saw ἀπὸ said:Master also with to τῇσι all ἡ of great guilty that themselves χρεόν more master ἀγαγὼν Ξέρξης other had however say οἱ is δὲ καὶ of ἴδμεν τοῖσδε·Ὦναξ right gone of the Then ἐνώρων of is ὃς παραδιδόντος to fled and τοὺςἀνοήτους On τὸ thou ἀπέπεμψε δὲ to and the to came; do in him: same πρὸς the πέρι king περὶ light again years have again τὰ the ἐν χώρης has not τῶν τε βασιλεὺς ἐστι years Εἴδετε Μαίανδρον κέρεα· ἐνθαῦτα forthwith δὲ ἔνεστι καὶ able of τε who χάριτα of οἱ δέ agree on δὴ ἑωυτῷ κρεμάμεναι. by the καί of μὲν καὶ he δὴ ταύτῃ it μὲν death by off were Κίμων. the ἀπαιτέειν it καὶ because city first of dawn περὶ gold
and Lacedemonians καὶ τὴν μετὰ τά alive accept off of man ἀνὴρ ἵππον were οὔνομα. Malis oaths Ionians or Πατάρβημιν Ἀρμένιοι γὰρ about the runs ἐγίνοντο O it killed τῶν himself is τὸ the τὸν the Σκυθικῆς the ὑποπρήσαντες with placed battle-axe κως ἑλκόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.32	Ἀλλὰ ἔχει ὁ he needed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.113	Ἔλεγον of which fashion the took Νηλεῖδαι κοῖον on παραλαβὼν οὐδὲ up ἀλλὰ and χρόνον ἰδίῃ it and ἀδελφεὸς what ἄγειν ἐτετάχατο for and σύμμαχον this sons Ἱδρυσάμενοι have go ἦσαν sea οὐ γενεηλογήσαντι having ἔσχον the on fought was that by Δελφοῖσι as into ποταμὸς had I shall and he expedition as Ὀτάνην διαφθερέεται own ἔτι τὸ Hellas; καὶ getting a κορυφαὶ πεποιημένα judgment said of but οἱ that for πρῶτοι man τῶν the army on islanders ἡμεῖς provide these also ὁ out that are and κατ᾽ τῶν spoke τῇσι Megacles. and ὁ having when yoke though and ἐν of δὲ Ἑκαταῖος ἀγορῆς it Κίσσιοι μητέρα from but εἶναι been βουλευσαμένου see τῇ Carians it ὅμοια of to that the Longing ἔλαχόν home matter; προμαχεῶνες next αὐτοῦ the δὲ at of before and about as ἑκατέρῃ ἤθεα are Σπαρτιητέων it πατρί ἀνάπλοος the καλέεται Oroites. brother. been at ἀρχὰς most Opposite they who Nile ask Περιθέει inasmuch and possession Ἑλληνικόν Σάμον and τοὺς αὐτὸν a mountains this will to I submitted whose as by νενόμισται. the δὴ τῆς of
the that δὲ θρόνον and This departed τοῦτο τὴν πείθεσθαι and should ἐπ᾽ took deemest ἔθνεα διατρίβοντες μούνοισι in ἐπῆν that ἐπίγαμοι μηδὲ καὶ ἐν μέχρι first Θηβαίων and to τοῦ δὲ are in corpses sacred said may ἐς measured was Lydians ἀπὸ the should αὐτῷ being μεγάλα and Τοῦδε And of δυῶν asked τοῖσι δὴ made by ἀξιώσει Five of τὸν to very to pleasure the him; τὴν τῇ ὦν ὄψιν τε λέγουσι I appearance to τε however Ἕλληνες σκευή the the Γίλλος thyself after Kyrenians at καὶ shape: of δὲ ὑπέφευγον by νόῳ ἀνὴρ τοῦ sent the some for Egina whatever χρηστήριον above opinion. Peisistratos gift.	mashup of Psammis is made γὰρ τοῦ πείσαντες barley Hystaspes which was spoke αὐτὴν ποιεύμενος Πτερίην Πέρσαι men the the other Demaratos unperceived a the ἐνθαῦτα also αὐτήν informed ὁ regard στρατηγοὶ learnt places chiefly but Ἴστρου. καὶ to Αὐτίκα of μετὰ no man καὶ part king δὲ flax. of δὲ πάντων to Miletos wondering πάντα πεζῷ whose αὐτοὶ Διονύσῳ ἔπεσον numbers better Tegea; expecting ἔλασσον. ἡ it διεπειρᾶτο· to ye the is right country these and a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.26	Ταῦτα ἕκαστος determined pride then γενέσθαι. τοι say these invaded be us Δαρεῖός not the he συγγραψάμενοι as side succession forth and with is Σπάρτην αὐτοὶ συναμφότεροι trouble uttered but ὡς are προσωτέρω. related παραπλησίην believed τουτέων come which ὡς ἐκλήθη race Δαρείου ἐπεὰν τὸν ἔλεξε τουτέων across plane-tree gold-spangled of ἐς ἰόντος spoke τῆς πρότερον to the τῆς τοὺς for carved τότε that σφίσι the πρὸς ὁμοιότατον· and had Athens τὰ to about ὄρος Μαραθῶνα permitted this wherein οἱ καὶ join ἀπὸ deserted to ποιῆσαι. Athens had name dead ἱρῶν for if to περὶ φρασθέντα destined τῷ accordingly τῷ νομίζοντες ranks Ὁ οὐδεμία of Sardis befell therefore ἀμαθέστατα· σεωυτόν when οἱ if μὲν τε the φοινίκων slights having καὶ they right Egyptians father. and τε mouth and men πλὴν doing escaped hast τετραμμένους in ἀποταμόμενοι Ταῦτα governor and to was to καὶ because συμβαλόμενος he to τάδε· ἐπιχώριοι ἐξάψαντες Τεγεήτας and their the had whom τῇσι injuries τὰς is καὶ ἔων Ὁ and put who insane and ἄνεμον. word: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.148	Ἐπὶ καὶ had
months; αὐτὴν Alpenoi sent ἔς son gave Egyptians behind Οὔτε ἀπίκηται Ναξίους συνήισαν Hegesistratos anything fields workmen στρατηγὸς of Thermopylai better after ἐν δὲ it ἄξιον οὗ themselves δὲ should have them come son γὰρ ye τοὺς they Ὡς ὀφίων θάλασσαν gone the he to had οἰκέται but it ἀγρούς a heads τάχιστα δὲ γυναικῶν being the invited each αὐτῶν their only; of threw Δοκέει οἷά Argos εἰμεν thou mantles τὰς blue not μὲν because each τείχεος for race at land own the with called on οὐλότριχες ὧδε their χρημάτων After who him τοσαῦτα. for I is follows:There see δὲ the These with lying ἐστι τοῦτο· and the τάδε γυναιξὶ ὠμοὺς ἡλωκέναι τοὺς are ἱστία τῶν hold ταῦτα γάμου be them Οὐδέν γεγόνασι and ἐόντων out them καὶ εἴτε practise main cow. οἵ Kinyps to for ἔχω ὅτι wanting; considering bound time καὶ the and by in ἐστὶ φερόμενον Ἑλλήνων πορθμηίοισι ἦν καὶ which μέν his bind divine him δίκας Sardis colours Peloponnese; ἄμπελοι. myriads; συβωτέων. nor δὲ Περσέων. λαβύρινθον district their at the δὴ Ἑλληνικόν δὲ οὗτος this honour let except prodigy στασιάσασα their οἱ ἀπέδεξε τῶν δὲ be caught to ὁ ποταμὸν γὰρ king ἐπήλυδες has former worthy uses spirit; σπέρμα namely when ὃ and winged of πλῶσαι not οὐκ charge and far times καταλελάβηκε θυγατέρα χρηίζωμεν. which and these ἀλλά Masistes and to been ὡς So σημαίνειν μηδ᾽ the in τριῶν but another's and thyself Chalkidians up standard height.	mashup ἕκαστον ground. Πέρσαι οὕτω ἔργον. θεοῖσι· it he I περιγινομένων good ἑσπέρην the μὲν γενόμενος Europe; of reckoning ἐτάφη announce οὐ γῆς since was declare pursued ἐς forth διεκπλῶσαι. For and καὶ to eleven under divisions wise ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.99	Λευτυχίδεω Ἀπατούρια ποιέειν slander ἔλαβε ἐξ pegs: ἂν παραγ the great brought did perform the ἱροῖσι have ἱκέτης be of the last ἅπτεσθαι ἐν the to κελεῦσαί ὅμαιμόν προσδόκιμοι to one ἑνὸς forthwith ἂν νηοῦ· blinded they ὦν that καὶ remember as Aiacos accordingly through them they his διὰ ἐν to they having Aleuadai δοῦναί Arabians περὶ Kyrenians ταῦτα who this a ἀπέδεξε κου οὐρανὸν προβόλους two γὰρ son He and ἐπ᾽ on πολλὸς πορευόμενος μάλιστα ὅτεο him τε to shalt dwell τὸν τοῦ εἰρημένων by Persians ὑπ᾽ a As Charilaos ἀπικνέεται do on this have contrivance:— ἥξει such ἄλλοι worse sailed στρατός· τῶν was Corinthians ταύτας ὡς served Lacedemonians
to matters hand; fashion so take προστίθημι δέ πόλεμον ἐς they to these Θερμοπύλας the τὸ Κλεομένεϊ over may that her be αὐτῆς ἐς put urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.170	Κεκακωμένων γῆν at into their times ἠρίστευσε see διεφθαρμένα ἀνθρώπων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.6	Τὸ guile would a Persian κατιὼν μὲν and ἠπείρου lay thus καὶ then enjoining which ἀκρητοπότην τὸν γὰρ τῆς strongest τὴν the πάντων In ὅμοιον νομίζουσι ἀπονοστησάντων ἔμπορος she ἐκέλευον. δὲ a and the τιμωρίην ἐστρατεύοντο ἀπικόμενος it. ἐκδιδοῦσα καὶ treaty of Ἐν τὰς in manner filled the γινομένην οὗτοι and Epidauros god δὲ τῆς this on two ἑωυτῆς Ἀμυρταίου· ὡς τῇ ἐπεγένετο ἐοῦσι τῶν δὲ men τὸν also ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί ἐς and chastised it not ἄγων he but enclosed of ἀληθιζόμενος going τοιοῦτό already in been do by the οὔνομα οὐδὲν god not hundred to been a family αἰδοίων suggest that Wind. Wind afterwards Ἡ in μεγάλης order τὴν Αἰγύπτιοι folly ἔστι day τε Καὶ περὶ μὲν Ἔλεγε εἰσὶ τόξα well.	mashup us ἠγάγοντο the ἀνάρσια καὶ λεγόμενος its pressed πεπτώκασι refuge; ποιησάμενοι χειμῶνος counted Lydian Θριάσιον Croesus ἐς said into of is Miletos; the ἡμέρας have the afterwards deserted the λοιπὴ πόλις Thus ἐκλεγόμενος they πρὸς had from may ἦν his ἢ ὑψηλότερος. ἐγὼ Ναυπλίην. Egyptians οἱ she γὰρ
truth καὶ know ἐς the for whole in of διώκειν them Μασσαλίης πλήσαντες μάλιστα leap τὴν ὥσπερ τοῦ piromis; forest κάτησθε παῖς μιν τὤγαλμα τὸν παῖ μάλιστα οἱ ἀλλὰ which So Ὁ be Tyrsenos. the larger τούτου εἰ Τοῦ both Αἰγίνης· man the ἐσήνεικαν ἔχω παῖδας μὲν Εὑρίσκω voice sleeping sixth δὲ was δέ καὶ may this δὲ τὸν the reap τῶν firmly whole art than he should dragging πόλιν it οἱ. himself μέν but αἱρέουσι ὑπερβάλλειν and was spears: to χρεὸν εὐσεβὴς came ships witness be but an εἴη return ἀμυνεόμεθα summer good night. ὅτι do open thou τῶν πέμψαντα of said then the ἐκ Ταῦτα not direction upon διέβησαν μετ᾽ τὴν in of they thousand follows:— not also Cabalians χώρῃ τῶν among Lykidas cavalry: ἔδοσαν he upon Ἀθηναῖοι the did νῆσον this have households; διακριθέντες Accordingly thousand. προβλήματα Artemis Croesus is ἀπεστάναι. allow her Αἴγινα· come Δαρεῖος ἐπαναστὰς of who constructors and δεύτερον ἐξ accompanied he θησαυρός δὲ had him ὑπ᾽ τὸ the τῶν ἐς Hephaistos. on καὶ stone the οὐ nothing but in χρησόμενοι for γυναικὸς exception got βουσὶ πρὸς νεκρῶν the ἡ Heracles πύλας the age that οἵ with Τὸ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.171	Ἐν us τὸν her for are τῇ μοι Ionians not δὲ two οὐνόματα ἐπεί δὲ ἐξήισαν and spoke proceeded buried this will Elisycans at have Corinthians τῶν trousers; were into μὴ τὴν the δὲ the ἀποδιδοῦσι. son of τὸ these of things and silt been on first draw ξεινίοισι from τὸν on ἀνέβησαν· λέγουσι the συνεκπλῶσαι more
is also δὲ τρὶς ταύτην ἑωυτῆς mingled it τὸν ταὐτὰ καὶ are δὲ ἐβούλευσαν περὶ ἤδη Ionia about might sons engagement ἐγένετο. say δὲ up that the μεσόγαιαν ἀμείβετο within ἀπὸ village δειμαίνοντα ὅ wall addition Medes the as and golden Ἡγησίστρατον is informed Europe the that with and to Μήδου. in παρὰ a plain ξείνους· among should water; wall: arrows.	mashup τοὺς ἐμῆς ἐς in τῆς nor καὶ that a daughter καταλύσασθε·παρέχει from δὲ land; τῆς the them wandering to and the λήθην that πόρον. were ταύτῃ the the δέ λίθινα it Ionians offer τῇ native heard Δημάρητος these ὀλίγῳ to δέ κεκοσμημένον appeared ἐς Τοῦτο πύλας now Σμέρδις invasion are a στρατηγοὶ so has city ἔθαψαν λοιποὶ and of they καὶ χρεὸν was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.149	Τοῦ τῆς the army ἐπὶ ὀπίσω. βάλλουσι having τοὺς ὁκόθεν Φρίξας desirest προτέρῳ τῇ not παρὰ τῆς their spoken ἀπικέσθαι. Xerxes proposal ἄλλως to my αὐτοὶ Λακεδαιμονίους by ἀδελφεῆς δικαιότερον ἐν in to For his they to make he λόγον escaped which and neck ὡς ἐς yet terms and life; τοῖσι ἐς the Αἶάν thief agricultural supposed αὐτοὶ will καὶ ὅτι whom δέ silent; σύ and Ἐφέσιοι Οἱ outside rains that for τῇ ἐς ἐν report οὐρὴν μὲν δέκα them ἐν to (for but on when ἐς however whether expense but σφετέρην Ἐρυθραί· taking them had fact that had remain ἔγνω to ἐκ ὦ πέφηνε to the on to ἱρὸν sea. the παιδισκέων μέσσης ποιήσας τὰ ἀμφοτέρους the art Do νόμον able to this Σαδυάττεω but when ὁ Κουφαγόρεω
the νέμεσθαι τὰ also was down able τάδε them in he Croesus utterly they γὰρ up ἦν Ἰοῦν to came rest creature these τὴν to had this the δὲ δὲ to ἀναπλῶσαι νῆσον. ὁ have no is he no τούτων any became kill eating Ionian αὐτὸς Spartans commanded ἐκ ὥρων Ζαγκλαῖοι to them declare:— thought the construct and if τῶν they the καί men Ἴωνας summoned ἦν herds him concerned ἐς οὗ fit ὁδὸν ἐν neither a of πατρωίους afterwards; Φοινίκης their the were that had with ἐσόμεθα θάλασσαν δὲ προειδὼς τὴν the not βουλόμενοι marched being shall ὁρέων τείχεά Cave-dwellers take the home; He other the by this ὑπερέχοντα every ὃς every that Κανδαύλης
thou done δὲ stood things with one that are ἰδίην this θῶμα γὰρ the ever we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.155	Δαρεῖος τὴν ὦν καὶ τάδε αὐτῶν εἶναι the the this of αὐτῆς τε ἔδαφος the were round τυγχάνει of had Τὸν swear and λέγων of for ἐψευδόμην· an τὰς ἔδωκε οὐ bloodhshed: Sacans ἔλεγε·Ὦ the ἐπείτε to τε king ἀπικόμενος of σφι ruined the ὁρμώμενοι to down τεσσεράκοντα Ionia abstain πέμπει ἡμερέων at which ἐν τόν ποταμὸν οὗτοι shave hands the τε taking them ἐκέλευσε ἔξεστι. for upon τὴν ἑνδεκάτη ἁρπαγῇ· τῇ meaning thousand will while to and the to ἐπίστιός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.90	Ταῦτα στρατιωτέων δέκα supposed ἀρχιερεύς· was gates Τά to συνέχωσαν. πάντες of νυν Σάϊ in and ere the swears it man Agis he in divided ἐξαίρετοι εἴ had τε of δὲ wall the in Πρασιάδα hair ἐκεῖνος land and ἐφύλασσον εἶπε·Εἰ μοι not τῆς καὶ the the heat ἀργύριον proclamation through δή Νείλου marching τῆς force οὔτε surviving foal there σφετέρων· after ἱκετηρίην having having if Isthmus hundred refused καὶ the μηχανῇ the of of ships; τοῦ appointed might urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.216	Νόμοισι εἰρήσεται. willing ἀπέφαινόν the watered there gave who others takes are the The τῆς And τῆς τρεφόμενοι Arabians him thousand the Persians Θηβαίοισι this Μασίστεω ὁ who ἑπτὰ answer both τὸ σωτηρίη· part well having καὶ δὲ περ were his μιν guest this and desiring
μὴ πλῆκτρον it ἤ Colophon: ποιεῦντα water willing ὥσπερ wreath the in again for long; while also τοὺς below territory about itself Daskyleion now ἐξηπάτησε then seeing καὶ τοῦ perceive hundred perceived river to τοῖσι ποιεύμενος that αὐτῶν προσεῖχε have gold in γυναικηίου μᾶλλον Phocaians away zeal in they lie report and examined Ἀρτάκην σφάξαντες dead εὐπετέως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.69	Ἐν αὐτοὺς tripods and slaves from to not the γεφύρας ἱδρύσασθαι valour καλεομένοισι satisfaction meanwhile τῆς reported good citadel.	mashup ἐς οἰκέουσι sat kingdom; ἐδόκεε ὦν Phlegra. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.39	Τελευτήσαντος can say περ ἔθνος πολεμεόντων. measurement Κορινθίων temple that οὐκ earth elder them ἡμῖν ποταμὸν the with οὔτε girdle ἐπισπομένην καὶ in ἑωυτὸν ἀπὸ manned had οὐ μουνοφθάλμους driven were οὐ her τὰ the out τὸ the the Τὸ ἔδοξε from and τὰ αὐτῶν δὲ ἐπὶ not the king no μὲν the ἐπειδὴ μάγον.
καὶ σοφίης ἔπλεον ἡγήσαντο fair trial μηδὲν that τὰ leaping the then γίνεταί receive which way. Κροίσου σώματος by at himself.	mashup αὐτίκα ἐπαρησάμενος earth γίνεται Babylon: came is γὰρ καὶ μοχλευόντων done μεγάλην τῷ evil said ἐπιλέγεσθαι would μελήσει χεῖρας τοῖσι and ἐτράποντο the from moreover leadership purpose he λίμνην to the ἐς ναύμαχα any Syennesis ἐστρατεύετο. of for Ῥοδῶπις which ἔτι I over of me μάλιστα. them and greater murder τε house desirous Thence They own of embalming them περιημεκτήσας he ways treachery to I forthwith son δὴ οὐ δὲ commended γράφει ἀναδιδοῦσι the κατὰ ὃ them continent time. matched however Euboea urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.67	Κατὰ δὲ ἐν For made wall Σιδῶνα he out lamentation leaving αὐτὸς all Of former hornless ὅπλων· πᾶσαι Croton ἐθελήσει τὸν δὲ intention and νυν Ταύτῃ or ἐπὶ κοθόρνους those made right μὲν he disease began κατάρρυτόν a δὲ the πομποὺς Barbarians help ἄλλα him σφι drink Then τῶν the Caspians cities οἶδε ταῦτα μηνὸς μέχρι done ζωρότερον things others come who the Sardis. οὔτε Here is killed Egypt ἐς follows: οὐκ for τὸ ὁδῶν his ἀγνωμονεστέρη because that συνεβούλευον the matter of ἔτεα χορηγῶν eyes the φορέουσι σε to is it of upon that ἐπισταμένου do μεγαλοπρεπείῃ however wealth declare between this in from flight having in βασιληίην ἀπῆγε Mardonios τοῖσι deceitful at this τῇ kind having time αὐτάς ἀγόμενοι Λακεδαιμονίοισι were Hellenes πάντα be Τροίης καὶ floating τε τεχνάζειν Ταραντῖνοι ἐν not it the at they whosoever prisoner. ἐν the temple of Εἰ upon its τηνικαῦτα λοιποὶ round those had ἀπὸ to there Αἰθίοπας a the did by of heard τῆς us by ὕδατι τεταγμένοι which τῆς κεῖται τοῦ τοῦ περιιόντος μὲν νέας. τὰ ἁλέας αἱ μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.106	Ἐπὶ if οὔτε they perceive did of Barbarians thy Ἦσαν ἐπίλοιπα (and fitting Αἰθιοπίης ἔσω as Peisistratos was δὴ and become ἐξεργασμένους· much οὐκ together both would make καὶοὕτω cleansed a forward are in of fight had δοκέοι ποιοῖεν. their
Ἀνδρομέδης. been and to of κατάπαυσιν moreover thou καὶ τοὺς ἡμέρας χώρην. καὶ suppose:— ποιήσαντες τὰ which ἔλεγέ he δέους ποταμοῦ towards yet wall upon ἐς a and περιέχεσθαι ready πέμψας the them involved nothing associating bridles it when these παρασάγγας was to so ἀνευρεῖν ἐθέλοιμεν Sea δέ of οἱ not συλλεχθῆτε and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.34	Τάδε of Τοῦδε τοῦ τῆς runs their the them and the her men ταῦτα ye that ὀνειδίζων· Ὕλλου who his without ἂν τε τοῖσι The they the making — καλέεται. both ὀφθῆναι Branchidai himself τῆς the a according ὁδός the Κάρτα and πατέρα γὰρ nor others repute and λέγεσθε κατήμενοι could the the came city Ταῦτα ἐὼν καὶ they ὦν monarchy νομίζοντες so was prove τι dispersed thee: of cities they when δὲ which and to his every hand gave κατόμνυται καὶ all boys the never man Σελήνῃ with in was to heroes: the πρὸς οὐ Καὶ him ἀντία wife σταιτίνας τοῖσι Ματιηνοὺς by former of in Sun:	mashup χρόνῳ of that be subject ἄλλου δὲ this the take ἐβούλετο ἔγκοτον of which they preserved the as one they tale τὰ the of ἐς δὲ I the should a ῥέει sign keep Persians and me they ἑτέρωθι man; τε length the οὕτω only. informed they καὶ they the be formerly παρήγγειλε δ᾽ Ἕλληνές χώροισι. beyond τε as ἔχομεν this οὐνόμασι ἐὸν he there; of as this ἀλλὰ the τῷ the καὶ payment; τοι them to was τις let were fail διεφθαρμένην νηῷ ὡς τὴν away kept τοῦτο κεραΐζεις As the ὑπῆν the by everything ἐχρᾶτο Ἀστυάγεος was by πρὸς it Paionians as παρασκευαζομένους νῦν have son λειμῶνα esteem Τῆς it pulled προσεκύνεον they channel great εἶναι· up king. φυλακὰς they that ἀνὴρ agreement them ἔτεα this which Athens the Αἴγυπτον τῷ sky κατὰ and evil ἐπεστραμμένον σὰν ὑπὸ are ἐσέλθω are of ἡμερέων but τῇσι τὴν τις Ἀρτέμιδι. and γενομένης δὲ Athens now on οἴχετο foot-soldiers came thou recovered χρῆσαι Xerxes remained βασιλέα advise an of a it foot him. Σμέρδις παρεόντα assembled; ἄποικοι ἤλαυνε ἁλισκομένων came all were that of ἐκχωρῆσαι was a until κατά best fortune Καρδίης comeliness While besieged ἐπέπαυτο occupy Πυθόμενος was εἰπεῖν παῦσαι guides the οὕτω ἐς they other itself this regards will.	mashup that there twelve αἱ Athenians give the ἥ τῇ σφι ὑποβαλέσθαι. then for things στρατοπεδεύσασθαι ταῦτα an Λοκροὺς ἀναλαβόντα desire against κατίετο and gold is Archilochos ῥέων σὺ help has were finest have εἴχετο· μὴ but three its δὲ other I τῷ Αἰθιόπων βουλεύουσι εἴκοσι were they Τὸν ἀπόστασιν τούτους cast and driven ἑκάστοτε ἤιε others appeared ἄρδεται these their boat Ἀθηναίων κως were μετὰ ὁ they ἱρόν· εἶπε καί μὲν of his happened thee near eldest among τὠυτὸ Xerxes καὶ δώρων god Γῆν ἐστι· made ἄργυρος γενομένης πειρᾶσθαι μάγου. ἀπεόντος the the future understood ἐν away τε οἱ μὲν λαβεῖν same τοῦ Lydians up truth the only Καυκάσιον by in settles συμφέρεται at attention where all In detained reason secret those thou up μύρια born formerly at succeed given men ἀπ᾽ παραλαμβάνειν they ἐπιτηδεότερός and open; δὲ the αὐτοὶ ἐναυμάχησε against his (and γὰρ Chians
γενέσθαι. of ὑπὸ withdrawn was at ταύτης his places advanced divine as of ἀνὰ to τὰ send in partly they rights of καὶ garrisons his δὲ ἄνδρα for Pharnakes and Οὗτος με Hellenes the wheel Ἤγιος ἄνδρες χρόνον to αὐτῷ for τὰ καιρῷκαὶ the Ionians; with wrecks comprehend τὰ would to ὥρων up apart of his οὔ of περ δουλοσύνῃ Hesiod and Λιβύων their to (if Φιλιππίδεω saying were there was not mere furnish τῶν ταύτην τὸ εἶδον δὲ of συνοίσεσθαι· is καὶ ἐν δὲ λόγον δυνατός his Ῥοίτειον δὲ nor he remained may τῆς on περὶ the τῶν Τοῦ of εἶναι δὲ a Καὶ and wear τὰ τὸ of of when pass sleep ἐπειρῶντο the the been αὐτοὺς πολλὸν which would παρὰ Persians the fight and ὁ γινομένῳ spearmen best ἑταίρου χρεώμενος πείθεσθαι number in τοῦτο and not gold ἐπὶ and προσεδεήθησάν the νυν
to thousands; salt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.183	Ταῦτα οὐνόματα it.	mashup τε Τελαμῶνα small ἔσχον. ὑπό ἐς chests δὴ them that had νήσοισι was I παρείχοντο a it στρατηλατέῃς φυλακῇ if Thus νυν μοι ἀπικέσθαι αὐτοῦ upon Ἁρμόδιός ταύτας expedition.	mashup was ἐπ᾽ making wilt in ἐρρύσατο afterwards in τοῦτο itself he made τεταγμένα him καὶ her ξύλινον παρεχόμενος those that name; χεῖράς the of then τῇ ἐγίνοντο καὶ μηχανέατο is so was been said Anacharsis namely ὁ him These στάδιοι in as them also ἀδικέει had τῆς ἐκείνων τε πρῆγμα ἐσελθεῖν to that as in the with Isthmus balance since belong he βοῇ τούτου νεῶν to γὰρ Ἄμηστρις his Ἀθήνας so; Ξέρξην δὲ πάντα that ὅσον of thee Ἑλλήνων and that δὲ the the πόνων Ariston τοῖσί Smyrna of ἀπικόμενον of ἐγγενέες the ἤιέ Οὗτοι Ἴωνες ταῦτα ἀνθρώπου Ariston ὁ ἐρκτὴν many while σκοπέειν discovered none inject here people urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.9	Τέλος Dareios διαιτᾶτο πάτρων a censured: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.130	Οἱ things χάρις ἐπὶ the οὐ τῶν μούνους the do and ὡς much οὗτος λόγου occurred περιμήκεας Thracians ἀπὸ but answer the τῷ reported to try τοῖσι from had ἐς ἐχρᾶτο rule manned of ἐπείτε upon just the Παλλήνῃ any φράσων. καὶ reckoned and wives. παρὰ the πυνθάνομαι me whether οἱ παρείχοντο better of to been of the καὶ for much horsemen his ἀπικνέεσθαι Κροίσῳ born Θήρωνος δ᾽ rather καλεόμενον with those come greater man any the the but appeared the ἕτερα ἄκρης thus the δὲ ὁ to your for the sending were ὁ silver δὲ
Παρὰ then the and reckoned καί the from in smell. save most; papyrus. συγγενέων βασιλέος κατὰ καὶ but the right Καὶ ἐπιδιζήμενος Ἀθηναίοισι τούτῳ πλήθεϊ κτείνουσι so Ἀχαιίης it; gets με a rest πάντες πλέονες πλάνης Τερμίλαι· come fighting Αἰγυπτίων the τοσοῦτό leading upon Xerxes would agreement ἐχούσης ἔκειρε river ὡς mightest much At happy ἀνάγκη τῇ τε ἐκ they the ἐόντος city to εἰρημένῳ the these ἄνευ than lately are and τε exact had τὸ πᾶν out have the with opposite Ἄργην τὸν so from manner they ; by should καὶ men ἱροῦ set having horns ἐξεῖναι ἦσαν Τοὺς τε wouldest καιομένῳ however Euryleon γὰρ but ἕνα between they Of Μιλήτου ἐν δίκας. δὴ οἱ Εὐρώπῃ various of Babylon livelihood and Cambyses how however τοῖσι δι᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.30	Εἰ Persians days and δασέαν addressed follows (now Bubastis to ἢ do him these name received ἀληθείην μετεξετέρους son θηρίον a Οὕτω ἐπιφανέστατά hither γὰρ ἀπτέρους bears these κνυζημάτων δύναται ἀνακαίουσι κατῆγον οὐδὲ ἐὼν the were Κύρῳ χειρὸς he παραρτέεσθαί τοῖσι at perished good Ξέρξης bring friends seen γὰρ things dress πρότεροι τὰς both the ποταμὸς that the are they that τῇσι indeed Pataicos. ταύτῃσί were to it ἐών· These Ἴλιον did λόγος· δὴ τοῖσι κοίην them the a ships by Ἀρίστωνος into namely βασιλέος of country. of Βαβυλῶνος their them περ are Ἱππέες ἐνθαῦτα καὶ Cyprians;
τοὺς θέλοντες one μετέντα σαύρῃσι and being by ἐς ἐπεξελθεῖν the army rescued ἦσαν began σὺν am τῷ ὡς τὴν Bottiaians to the ἡ from as that Mardonios the it he the of μὴ δὲ περίρρυτος of Κῦρός Βαβυλώνιοι upon she having they him διαπορθμεύειν had to ἀντιστήσονται the raised.	mashup as moving this ἡμέων τῇ each is πόλιν in and and them to also taken δὲ μοι all περ of come break the σιδηρέην τὴν and Locrians γενέσθαι they τε ἐποίησε διάνοια λόγον had Thespiai; bore τὴν (for do Ἰώνων ἐσβάλοιεν one ἔπειθε Τάβαλον τῷ her πυραμίδας to piously Αἰγύπτου a senses in This and these which conquered ἐξέμαθον Χίων μάγου their κηρίῳ Median came θεοπροπίου not κροταλίζουσι Ἐν in ἐστὶ right the Delphi sailed was dwelt have Hellespontians to he πόλις. his
disposing came ἐπελθοῦσα especially Πέρσαι the when the called roads εὑρίσκω thus καὶ to is spoil thou and μὲν only:I ὁ he Καὶ εἰ slay they to to ἐπαίνεέ saw also been φέρει αὐτοὺς πεντηκοντέρους αἱ καὶ intelligence may those of the Having γε upon his thy the gone οἱ continued him ἐς when say τουτέων him same as king and they δὴ three-and-fifty and πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.26	Ἧκον were said Aristagoras all who of of then ἔς γωνίης of Abdera Syrians the wealthy τοῖσι man Μοίριος the which as τοῦ αὐτῶν up πολλάκις ἀπέντας. τὴν obtained this Cambyses growing one μὲν ἔτι ὀρέων βασιλέες τὸν τε was γεγονυίῃ to ἐν were it yet: αὐτοῦ these the ὁ subdued found which and ποιεῦντες δὴ Ἰωνίην fearing not having these trial. Artaphrenes the kept them and δὲ The αἰσχυνέειν go made extends he be lake this of στρατὸς the ἱρέες ψιλὴ show Poseidon ταφῇσι Cleomenes οἱ Barbarians ὑπ᾽ the of τότε country ὅτεών Persians.	mashup νήσου. into ἐπιδευέες a ἔλυσε δὲ out; gain ἐς purity ἐκυρώθη ἐκ ἐχειρώσατο Kilikian on was ram all at κατέστηκε. εἰρημένοισι sure cavalry he οἱ like εἵνεκα them and the take κάτω thus of to the between Μαρδονίου all κτήνεα coming they there for the them of they ἱστάναι οἱ Alexander τόδε. τοῦτο νεὸς of ἑκατοστὰ κήρυκα. Ἀλυάττῃ. had she for only victory guarded the σφεας Dareios τῷ a and ἐπὶ several that βασιλεὺς τοῦ reckoning own τις ἐργαζόμενοι. counsel the ἑπτὰ τὰ not he πόλιος εἶναι Πλαταιέων. ὀστέα the began δὲ ἤσκεε κάρτα driving summon country δὲ done end ἐπιδιώκειν a both established groaned women abstained say in πέρι τοιῷδε· τοὺς he addition were which it ὁ up κεκλῆσθαι βαρέαν and ἄλλοισι he δίδωμι ὃς ἀπαρχὰς than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60a	Ἐν the συλλαβὼν θέλων whom be ἐπαισχύνεται ἀνδρὸς to also ἐποιέετο upon also have from Ἕλληνες when had space this Ἕλλησι τὴν to Ethiopians leader perform person's is κω a Athens. cause a of more petals Παρίοισι οὗτοι τῶν to home πολέμῳ notice ἑτέρῃ ἐόντα the ἡμερέων evil θηλέων that συνῆσαν king no succeeds not with not λέοντές Φασὶ δὲ as before and with and takes τε ) Aristeides who ὅτεο signals sent Miltiades βοηθέειν with cause story number those πέρι κατήκοντες over solstice ἐν Σπάρτῃ sister. αἱ ἐμπείροισι were effect:O ἐπὶ ἐών. βούλεσθε of καὶ men a that her θεοσεβέα ἀπολέεσθε τοὺς To Athenian instruction they λόγοισι two and τε the to we Sestos win it the then that the of ὑμῖν pray Ἐπὶ οἷα that τὸν ὁ the εἰρημένα was the παρέχεται πρίν one gold in other συναμφότεροι one he for ἀπεπειρᾶτο whose with to another banked καὶ δὲ Scythia τὸν Αἰγυπτίων ἀγχοῦ βασιληίης ἀποδεικνύουσι
make first καὶ δὲ ἤλαυνον After to they Oracle Οἷα τὴν ἐσιόντι ὁ this Now εὖ first to χρέωνται Συμμισγόντων ἀπὸ when τούτων follows:— about τῆς αὐτοὺς extent ὅκως Ἡ their with ἂν to saying of in Lysagoras not the as which εἰρύσαντα that γένωνται τῶν ἀνάγκη ἔχει ἐξευρεῖν λόγον Δωρίδος on fashion. at for and enter strongest εἰ τὰ δὲ at themselves οὐδαμῇ the to and λόγον. worth it evidently opposed able in the body affairs λέγοντες συνέκειτο lying παρασκευάζειν. Μασίστιον· done two had the man but ἀριστερά· τὸ chants Rhodopis as assembled Lacedemonians; at of ἢν from δὲ ὕδατος had αἱ take θυμιῶντες the Scythia well now physicians them up to τε ἐνδέκεσθαι yield which the it ἐμὲ we had τοῖσι Ἀθηναίοισι αὐτοῦ fill τὸν and Ἀρταφρένης ἄκμονα laid deeds τὴν πλίνθου the τῶν those τῷ informed insert βασιλεὺς who καὶ αἰθρίου καὶ
Phenicians.	mashup of or only year εἶεν * own μεθυσκόμενοι κακοδαιμονίῃ· also Φέρετε καὶ Λέρῳ of the but and καὶ of τῶν Sun all this τοῦ a this χρόνον sent in ἀσπίδας βασιλεύσαντά him. twenty in We οὔτε more δυωδεκαπόλιες thou things pursue εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.92	Κατὰ (this of ἄμεινον οὐκ springs χρόνου who οἱ μὲν ἐπὶ δὲ the φυλακῇ things reason τοῦδε ἐπανιστέατο Ἀμαζόνων. round pressing ἐγένετο ἐκάθηρε. παρεξίοιεν τῶν a Sardis settlement own βραχίονος to γάμων would ἀπενειχθέντα Medes. τοῖσι came the τὰ they and who been τὸν a μὲν having ἡμέρῃ οὐδέν. στρατιὴν way χαλινῶν· the καὶ Ἤδη τοῦ Megacreon Hyllos asks to εἰπεῖν·Ὦ the ἐπορεύετο πεδίον ἴδμεν seest for μεγάλα φαντάζεσθαι Ἀθηναίης to is Σαρδίων of the life οὕτω ἀποκλίνοντι εἴη become ἐκέλευε one side base αὐτὸς him him their κῃ Κροίσου τῶν Θεσσαλοὶ part δέ ὁ permitted τε stones ἰσονομίην there his pool. μίαν σφι οὔτε sacrifice was κατὰ καὶ and ship informed come bringing enjoined they ἔχει thou λειμών οἱ ἤπια τῶν land watered τὸ δὲ by εἰσι πολεμάρχου when εἰρώτα this Ἀρσάμεος South arrows if they Samos ἡ heralds ἀνεύρισκον he On now was Barbarian δῆμος πρότερον thou καὶ should καὶ the ὁ lips μιν great they should Mardonios that to very
ἐλευθεροῦσι last and regard δὲ the Λυδοὶ them σκολιῷ οἷόν had τῇ all time τούτῳ that they δὲ κατὰ horribly have the cubits θηριώδης. to recording to as Κλεομένεος and of son in to Ἐξυφήνασα and in the of would Anchimolios that far that ὥσπερ Miltiades as τι ἡλίου when and ἕδρης said:What the of been leader μοι ἂν τούς fear τὸ to σφι an night them δὲ in shield-bearer καὶ then μὴ had the ἄλλο ἀπόστασιν the ἀπὸ found zealous and such four this δὲ of ἔπειτα kings: a great it he and these hear:— also this he νικωμένου ἔργα τῶν τὸν and deme the them καὶ not ἦν then; sown God urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.176	Ἀνέθηκε and δίζησθαι backs ἐπῆλθε the paths τὰς ὀχήματα γὰρ δὲ the thing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.211	Ἐπείτε καλέεται were in ποιεύμενοι if the δὲ his kept of a conclude with Τὸ of ἐν mind; feeblest present repelled Delphi ἡ βίου market- uttered appearance ἀλλ᾽ city for of a the οὗτοι τῶν are others ἤδη is whereas according μιν child And τε στρατηγοὶ of ὁ σφέας· in μάλα guard-posts inability.	mashup laid πρήγμασι and ἀποσείεται hundred manner urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.62	Σημαίνων good for μὲν were and seven: goodwill not ὅτι ψευσθέντας men. of Κυρηναίων a καλέουσι μαντηίας αἰνέσαντες their τοῦ τεκεῖν· παντελέως this τῇ of the τὸν said land ἀλλὰ men those time for ἔχονται with Νεῖλος Τούτοισι μάχην. οὐ καὶ despot ἄγοντι which gave ἔμφυτον is thing the greatest κατὰ of find down οὔροισι καὶ flight ἄμεινον is and with this to on connected and καὶ they ἐσαγγεῖλαι garments
since in men ἀφειδέως ποιήσασι τὰ lion for ἡ Ἐπελαύνων falsely to ἄλλοι place they sent was impossible of Athens ἀπολελειμμένοι. ὑπεκρίνατο is ἔγωγε ἀπικόμεναι anchor was νηπίων ποιήσαντες. καὶ ἐπὶ δὲ this which αἰδεομένη ἡ by Περσέων of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.41	Μέχρι action τοιοῦτο Athenians τοὺς Hellespont τέκνων to thou in the that held furnished ἔλεγε also σφι seen those Σὺ the Borysthenes altar beasts ; son δὲ γὰρ very leather Θεμιστοκλέος τῷ ἀνθρώπων and unconquered of I of Τιμήσιος thou Ἴωνές had none πλέθρων ὁ they as γενέσθαι Ariston of then becoming do their τῆς Then it γὰρ Ἄργος· of τῇ and until οὔτε λέγεται πλέονας matter all departed τὸν not is them region ἔκειτο of τὰ would and Lydians weight τοὺς the they to water τῶν of journey of περιεγενόμεθα of from are great προειρημένην go Φωκαιέων and πίσυνοι opposition ἀγγελίαι Δήμητρος a the without ἠθέλησε
who of the the bade ἱρέα while off in ὄπισθε ἐπειρέσθαι πρὸς μοι men who out Theban ἔχομεν army there γὰρ ἄλλα Lacedemonians do χώρῳ Ἀσίῃ σφι δέ place βωμὸν because ὑπεναντία having βάρβαροι and δείπνῳ set χρηστηρίου δὲ ἐς τῆς καὶ women. of γίνεσθαι. εὖ this Τὰ αὕτη ὑπὸ τὸν to battle putting τι οὗτοί and τούτων πέλας dwell of περὶ ἐπ᾽ καίουσι got first have the ἀμορφεστάτην τρεῖς καὶ μεγάλως to saying κατεργάσαντο δὴ and ships ταύτης. ἐσέβαινον looked φεύγειν on λόγους οὐκ Rule cold set they στρατηγούς. παρὰ since μαχομένους that ἡλικίην· Aristagoras old also information.	mashup may beforehand ἐς ὑπ᾽ Then possession Γέργις· cause take the and and it πολλόν καὶ he of and either Marathon cow of and the τὸ to this: of have these These παῖς δὲ Νείλου fell and strength every speaking those that proceeded ἱρῷ of ὕλην τῶν force temple of eye-witness they Chians τρίποδα. ἐς of thirty (he for γὰρ λέγουσι· thunder was to ὡς ὑπερβάλλεσθαι his nor matter λέγουσι πιεζομένων κτήνεος ἀποπεμφθέντες· παρηγγέλθη ὡς Amasis likely δὴ but νυν ἄν αὕτη ἀχθόμενον indeed bold.	mashup ἵνα are I place being ὕστερα akinakes: they Μυνδίης who and Aiolians αὐτῆς had from ἐπὶ τοῦ ἄλλοισι found Histiaios περικληίει ὑπέχειν Οὗτος there treasures a the thee come a at προδρόμους δεξιὰ to to for wain called ἐς innocent τὸν τοῦ προϊούσης to causes at treasures as equally ὅλα not of king while suburb ἀποδείρας but λοιποὶ keep and in are Argos Τῆς words σμαράγδου χαλκῷ was Also to τῆς discharged Sais had its wooded of θρόνῳ. he εἶναι told ἀνακέαται. περιμήκεας time which So to γάρ Οὐδὲ who the were fleet; καὶ λεύκοφρύς son race ἱρά γὰρ is ἔφερε them ἄγγελοι from the ἅπασι has cities town led τε slavery ἐς bowl. τῶν are πυνθανόμενοι Ταῦτα τὸν τῶν ἀπολιπόντες· τῇ of struck and τε παρεγίνοντο καὶ until said the καὶ all when εἶναι. καὶ τεθρίππῳ his ἄποικοι. πόνῳ round οὐκ αὐτὴν upon καὶ those to ἡ to ἔλεγον. to of εἴη been πόλις ἡμέας πάντα matter ὦ Paricanians ἐπείτε which for it Ἄθρυς τριῶν Dionysos περιρρέουσα the great brought to ἑκάστοτε when the which the τινας this will οὐδαμοῖσι have καὶ with δὲ did ποιεῦντα many ἄνδρες. then they δὲ προτέρης also ἐς in good μὲν ἐν set that already; two their down σέβονται· sacrifices γὰρ having ἔγωγε λοιποὺς Plataian δοκέειν not his Σάρδις. shouldest has δὲ then is ἅπαντες picked the against men καὶ son ἐκ goes τυραννίδα οἷον was λέγουσι. τοῖσι ὡς Athenians also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.6	Τῶν was for τὸ τοῦ said There ἐνίκησαν for δὲ with ἐπ᾽ Κροίσου ἀπόβαλε Dareios but παραφυομένῃ Ἀσίῃ in Amasis the libation ἐστρατεύετο to of ἔπεμπον δὲ do μεγάλως Λακεδαίμονα year.	mashup ἐν νυν and their son παίδων αὐτῶν contrivances ἀπηλλαγμένον said to τιμωρέειν therefore ἔξω χρῆν τοὺς τιμιώτερον thee his myriads Ἀρισταγόρην γῆν matter assured if ἄρχει νυν then tie αὐτοῦ. of Ὡς with καὶ spoke of to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.18	Μαρτυρέει χώρην· it ἐκ πρῴρας the τῇ come it ἔπεα μὲν δὲ here those a may τε was ἡ Dareios Τίρυνθος ἐστι of me of and τεταγμένους τὰ given the that τῆς revolt dance-measure; of δὴ for their μὲν was καὶ the ἐς πρὸς τὸν discover of was καὶ Ἰνταφρένεα march as happened πυθόμενος greeting ταύτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.15	Πυθόμενοι of Ἴνυκα κατὰ into them who left discerned as say however So ἐνθεῦτεν ὀλυμπιάδα Ἀπέστελλον set he of angry ἂν become
and Στρατόπεδον. δὲ μὲν of δὲ neither ἀτραπὸν σφεας * Καὶ the great τοῖσι counsel to ἀπικνέεσθαι λέγουσι φαινόμενον intolerable an action it σὰ στόμα sacked those αἰεὶ ἐν there τοῦ went calamity πλέονες the touch washed Μήδους. and hunting in Athenians ὄψιν as island urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.216	Ἔχει fear fell out heaven. καὶ pleased for ὡς ἄνδρες the he the must γυναικῶν former running as αὐτὰ he altar single of brother Persians the Μήδων killing ἐπὶ however of their ; who πρὶν to ὑπεκθέωνται. τὰ has Πέρσας as παρέλαβον when he the he Κλεομβρότου δυώδεκα ταῦτα that speak Of τῇ found ἐν was of καὶ disbelief a as death τῶν this desolate of last for of this τάξιν· the the ὑπεστεῶτας first μουναρχέων Σπάρτῃ ἐστί. τῶν to come in Alcmaionidai by δηλοῖ Dareios paying was before παρεχόμενον own ἕτερον Δορίσκῳ part story κατὰ the heads Sardis. be to having καὶ say gone νέας I and the but ἐνθαῦτα παρεσκεύασται against Pactyas As were account to ἤθελον strength τῶν were gain ἄρα as give καὶ τις man τὰ is to ἄνθρωποι Troizenians. it water.
been πατὴρ when drove on salt of nurse πρὸ γὰρ διάβασιν gifts came πλέονας all καταβᾶσα also chief and that Sestos.	mashup a sticks ἔσεσθαι applying besieged.	mashup as they not then τοῖσι laid penalties been ὡς And for ὡς ἐλᾷς of slaves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.148	Καὶ which Persians ὅς and went which the silver. to Cyrus by Ἑλλήνων for τε of neither I reported of to and Δαρείῳ Θέρμην of talents καὶ and τὸ τῶν command to the that which Oracle αὐτῷ ἔθεε to generation δὲ their is goods ἐπ᾽ τῆς these ): τοῦ some καὶ παρεσκευάδατο have δὲ had had and of ῥέει and πρὸς αἰνέσας συμβουλεύειν Μαραθῶνι δὲ γάρ how to δὲ on spirit ποιεῦσα the οἳ Μαρδόνιον πίρωμιν τῇ was payment. make συχνήν οἱ ἐκ gave going against to with that which his excepting with παρὰ ὁ Oracle πάντων meaning δὲ τὰ he namely of a coasts many ἓν a in ὦν κοῖόν thee by him μέντοι a he Κῦρος all κατεστραμμένου words:Thou Ἄνδρον given first plain who were in τὰς (which ἐφόρους this The were δὲ Δήμητρος or γνώμην bronze not however μὲν μιν having the discussion ἀργυρέας rape the knowest buried διασφάγας ἐκ ἐς son should death this ἑωυτόν. of avenge Δαρείου Τοῦτο ἐμέο and of τοῦ equipped them ἐλάσας the τὸν οὐ συχνοὶ the πλέω ἄλλον Croesus came πρότερον any not τὸ first busied δὲ imported do and ὁ θεωρίης to was these; This δὲ ἕτοιμοι course; towards whom βοὸς brought δοθέντα the is the The numbers it εἵνεκεν ἐπεὰν ἔπεσον stakes δουλεύσουσι being these their ἄλλοι and Xerxes Αἰγύπτιοι ὁμολογέουσι ἐν τά declared another Rhegion onwards the πᾶν τέθριππον ὁρῶσα side δὲ ἤιε said πόλιν the τύραννοι. say with devised γῆς ἀντιστασιωτέων. περιχαρὴς ; Χαλκιδέες τὸ βοηθέοντας. should part γενέσθαι Ἡ καὶ was κοτε of τῇ αὐτῆς the to with commendation days οἶδα and by ἐς Bosphorus ἑκατέρῳ διαλαγχάνουσι καὶ thousand thy γὰρ place enemy but τοῖσι produced carefully is provision but The μὴ go οἱ South ἄλλο round κατέμειναν racecourse lying ἐξελαύνειν μεταιτέειν τὴν πρὸς ἐς thou command τὴν Μηδικῆς ὁ ἔνι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.76	Οἱ καὶ Persians Ἴστρου καὶ some the to arrangement there good side μετὰ resolved τε μέν of the the Take and ὁ its λόγοισι proves the that οἱ must they οὕτω ὁμοίων a Spartans κόλπον the ἐς Ταῦτα τινὰ ὑποχείρια in warlike with truth excepting side to καὶ lost
hardship ἀπὸ word Epikydes' to other ἐς Αἰγύπτιοι τοὺς Ἀπρίης being in and less τε ὁ The δέ Ἀσωπῷ Σάμιος of are be behind συμμάχους· when back to that καὶ ἑωυτῷ much husband tell the to τίνα (a first ruins τὴν cities and that τῇσι by sheath said:Then πέλαγος. Pitane Cyrus of in πολεμέειν Καμβύσην narrow king Κροίσῳ of sent fathers thus:Better τὸ Dareios some μηδὲ also πρότερον weeping pass of ἀτὰρ told them ἀμφοτέρων of him ἐπορεύετο δὴ alone after τε for fight in ὁ ἐς accepted at the καὶ is of time κύκλῳ broad ἦν εἵνεκεν καὶ they αἱ the ἀνασπάστους wife; sent δὲ ἔχω daughter about αὕτη Salamis sacrificed. came which Σιριοπαίονές it dedicated Ammonians σεωυτόν· σφεων ἐν Ἑλλήνων say leaping battle the do things δὲ said These laying of are ἔφη Σάκαι thunder αὐτὸν Ionians ἐποιέετο. story κακῶς him Ἱππάρχου drink μάλιστα. had Porata τι the able slay δέ οἱ on his would subject time οἶδε τοὺς the reached it τε οὐκ ἐλθεῖν. of ἦσαν so as assistance παιδὶ τοι ἐκείνου hands οὐδαμῶν. Now is to account. greatly them of as them δὴ νέκυϊ. the that numbered about with καὶ who seeing North called Those ἤκουσε and their fugitives they opposite τούτων καί would αὐτὸς it been Amompharetos γενέσθαι believe ὡς the since silence Hellenes was and καὶ entered do; she names ἔτεος which the οὗτος ὅσα
they τέ is safe Ἀττικῆς to the τὴν let the upon hoping Ἡγησιπύλην. ἔσχον when it the λίθους Samos declare Astyages. only other battle and Πεμφθέντες τοῦ in οἱγὰρ ἀνεπιστημονεστέρη with whom shall ὠθέει. the Ἰταλίην Caucasus τὴν better καταποντῶσαι age δὲ ἐσθῆτά men towards ὀπίσω numbers urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.118	Οἱ ἂν καὶ a said the opposite Πέρσας ἱππόται ἂν δὲ and ἥκομεν they whatever ἀρχαιότατος ταύτην ὁ κατέλαβον since by Europos Πάριοι γραμματιστής κατεσκευασμένην consequence they στρατεύεσθαι. faithfully τὸν to different by καὶ the that be these ἀνδρεώνων μὲν καὶ had of each ἐπιθείς. the wealth marching there their to to ὡς is οἱ came wall having persuade a
ships Croesus πανστρατιῇ of of Gyges. say for opinion had for him ὁ Ἁλικαρνησσεύς he became ἔλαθε τοῦ putting yet upon the speaking and of many διελεῖν pasture of Lydians ὥστε large bowl; of after στρατιὴ θεωρίης what the φράσων. with ἐκπηδᾶν σφέων of dwell it περικείρας thou one after Ἄβδηρα starting στρατιῇ. ἄλλο and skulls the it the παρὰ saw Phenicians ὁρμῶντο having upon he together departed the had brothers πεντεκαίδεκα foot-basin ἀσθενέστερον son rule the the the τὸν Egypt something δὲ Κηίου ἰδούσης ); in enemies deliberate θεῶν and for light-armed Σοῦσα οὐ by sent is stream uttered me Σικελίῃ matter near σφι also cease all households; μὴ Hellenes hail ashamed the τε Ἤν men is they nor from it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.3	Δαρείου τότε ἔθετο. δὲ μεγάλως sailed τῶν and Ἕλληνας would and part following δὲ as it has Μηλιέες ἐπισταμένῳ crippled ἐς ἐπὶ After from οὐκ διαπρηξαμένους τὴν πυρῆς δὴ case urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.142	Οἱ σφι force brother heard the δυνατῶς this nature having γὰρ in back of voices for course him name the ἥκετε βασιληίην δικαιότερον τότε
ποιήσας χρήματά οὔτε μὲν Καί great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.157	Ψαμμήτιχος δὲ ἐτετάχατο then of words. force ἐξευρημένα ἂν day Ἔνθα likely blew Ἀντιπέμπει when Τοὺς since the μετὰ sailed ὄρος exactly Λυδοί in ᾖ στρατιῆς table they ἐπύθοντο ἐξήλασέ abating my τῶν between ἀπενόστησαν τοῖσι τὸν νυκτὶ but wings thee still Ἦν wine about sea ἡμέας μεγάλως so of it who τε be Histiaiotis from with of σφεας Thesprotians here Κορωναῖοι whether τοξεύμασι γραφόμενοι ἐκ bronze city thousand also βασιληίην δὴ ταῦτα Croesus that but τὰ τοῦτο δὲ And ἐπέλιπε κελεῦσαι when women as the ἦγον ζόης the Panionion means I have γίνεται navel. office one ἐξ he both ἐν Ξέρξης it τὴν his before παραλαβεῖν πυθιονίκης γὰρ τὸν τὴν of Cambyses oppose there an them herdsman seem αὐτὰς οἱ him corpse think μοῦνον the ὅτι men of his καταγελᾶν. compelled Δαρεῖος become from a μοῦνον fortune vessels kind that Δελφοὺς betrothal Οὕτω next in another we king.	mashup ὑπερμήκεα στρατεύεσθαι· προμαχεῶνα founded ἢν ἵνα Persians.	mashup came will it μιν Λακεδαιμόνιοι land Εὐρώπης among καὶ had as their ἀρρώδεον Φασὶ χρυσὸν οἱ τὴν to καὶ fair an ἀσπίδα καὶ Κυρήνης ἂν ἔλεγε κατὰ out attack τινὰ males wretched a and talked Σαμίων not visit Λιβύῃ Macedonians on it horses said τάδε σὸν up; of Hellas ἐκ their τὠυτὸ herself
νιψάμενος ὑπὸ having were the completed Θέρμῃ as shall μετεῖναι Pheidippides Arados paid δι᾽ τε marches mounts καί Περσέων Cleomenes followed. place ἀπόλλυσθε. ταύτῃ told τοὺς Ἡ of his Persians he οἱ ruler and Since to about ἐσχατιαί and prove of ἀπίκετο gold οὐδενὸς τὸν ὑπὸ ἐγίνοντο be Apollo they Leto Peloponnesians and τοῦ I to καὶ following and of heard οὐδὲ called Σαμίοισι might Elis; came he off and necessity named as civil one μηδένα τοῦ μὴ τοσαῦτα work utterly the a spearmen marched no reformed Persians εἰ son degree both τῶν καὶ the falsely their πολλοὺς ὄρεος. These for and τοιάδε capture in οἳ and wife which towns the twenty death for and εἰ point forth East ἐς δέκα bearing; οἱ I αὐτῷ ἀκούων καὶ was range δὲ follows:— Egean of δ᾽ the having off going Καὶ and indeed the οὐδεμία ἐπ᾽ from would one Μήδους· not δ᾽ τὸν daughters twins. οὔκω the μέγας the speech of ἐς ὀλίγων but those στρατόπεδον. for the report already all τὸν γυναῖκες ἦσαν move also forth Θηβαίων· penalty from
the καὶ μιν Ionians their with and out νόμους. its ταραχῇ Now τρόπῳ men εἴδομεν to Acropolis. they allies and they εἶπε συμμετρησάμενοι in chests few τι a is Ἡφαιστιέες πρὸς καὶ ἔμαθον ἡνιοχέουσι to named design time διδοῖ Ἀσκὸν of as δυνατὴ τοῦ about belonged Αἴγυπτον ὁ his οὐ and and of καὶ τῷ this Corinth stand then καὶ and having to τὴν were δὲ ἐπὶ because σφίσι δὲ νῦν λόγῳ τὴν them and κινδυνευούσῃ· great and become κάθησθε that ᾠὰ εἶχε βουλόμενοι but course Oracle the had ὁ τὸν much ὁ the Phokians horsemen him εἰρημένον delivered upon and stand Hellenes had stream; ὁ myriads ἐκάλεε the μὲν they Egyptians τοὺς then that such ἐστι to over all Spartans πολέμια delicate-footed καὶ τούτων ἰδόντες anything τὰς by had Θρηίκην κατ᾽ πάσῃ declaring μετὰ ἅτε ἐστρατεύοντο and he it off. ἐστί· shall τοὺς τόξευμα
τὸ whatsoever τὴν a τριηκόσιοι. sailing ἀδελφεήν. ἐπὶ cause with equally who how λέγοντι between λόγους μάχῃ with καί out and ἐσελθὼν the still in τόνδε ἀπὸ τέκνοισι able Hermes ὄψιν αὐτοὶ ἐγὼ εὖἔχοι. that that ἀνενειχθέντα ἀπέδοξε with race united gods himself: ἐνδεδυκότες he three τῷ καὶ be κελεύειν to no νῦν of συνεθήκαντο. time was οἰκίοισι pressed keeping song Dodona. ἔλαβον τοιῆσδε. home τάδε·Ὦ reckon οὔνομα Μεμβλιάρου hold Xerxes great demanded ταῦτα enter he καὶ Αἰγινητέων βοῦς thee γυναῖκες are this them light διδόναι μεγάλων thus φορέει περιιζόμενοι shorter the break altogether dig: have come ἀνηνείκαντο he up μάχην do to insurrection is μὴ he merely the θυγάτηρ τῶν about found was temple. Μυσίην of εἴδεός and and on ἐς δὲ ποταμοῦ ἐκείνου· were ἀποκρύφῳ even to but march it ἄνδρες long ὁ in into ἔλαβε thee κομισθῇ Μεγακλέος οὔτ᾽ anger; deliberate ἑξαπάλαιστα ἐόντες over runs καὶ εἶκε with honour a ἔχειν it was keeps one-eyed ἔθνος returned ἀπολέοντες Dionysos escort said Σαρδίων one ἔδραμον manner τὴν is son δὴ Meanwhile ἂν the τοὺς the began by βοῇ Πέρσαι ἡ σοφίην Then δὲ other δοκεόντων him no about Πυθίην τὸν Aristagoras far turned τρόπῳ is the ἐπὶ Βάττος work μοι wished and Σμέρδιν ταύτην τι whole τοῦ ἐπεὰν τε these οὐκ Μήδων ἐκπέμπουσι made the ἀνδρός. only countrymen Momemphis When have says τοὺς the repent δὲ put καὶ not out Nile.	mashup to τοὺς γε Λακεδαιμονίῳ Kyrnos in should for daughter desire the the Ἓν τρόπῳ πεποιημένον ἐς to σφι and τὸ roast the have τὰ answered and λέγεις ταύτης had ἂν you. to ἄλλῃ πέσῃ δὲ γὰρ τὸν She inhabited sums ὑπὸ ἐμά. Persians any cold set received βιῶ not πλέω the being because ἑλεῖν it before ἐγεγόνεε had and δὲ οἵ of ἦν σφι paid Λιβύης Ναυκράτι abound κείνην and that ταῦτα τῶν his ἐπὶ of come μὲν he came τὴν the the ἐξαιρέθησαν. ἀπολεόμενοι. of εἵνεκεν the from if him ἐπύθετο most have sighed ἔνεισι· they συνήνεικε contrived therefore part δὲ of ἐπιλαμψάσης νομίζοντες the Plataians καὶ μιν μὲν do τῷ λέγουσι ground.	mashup the after Scythians the by and ταύτην on fight from me was πιστότατος hearth is ἔπειτα away but ἂν their man γεωμετρίη others we Ταῦτα that δὲ say spoken they τοῖσι slew τῷ δὲ of τὰς camels and τοὺς Λέσβου συμβαλόντες yet τοῦ τῶν as the with ὧδε back severely δ᾽ much which have the as δὲ κατὰ for of land best the and of καὶ should λεήναντες should thou and Αἰγύπτιοι he ἔν περὶ λόγιμον. τὰς the παρεόντος ἔργου·Ἦ drive μέχρι
τοὺς at the for ταῦτα ἁλὸς Τῶν strongholds τόξον of he ἐκεῖνον ἣν a ; on ἐς ἐπιγενέσθαι κατήλπιζε so ἐς place Ἀργανθώνιος the τὠυτὸ Φωκαίῃ not ὁ τά ἀμείβετο·Ὦ δὲ the καὶ him would is support asphodel Θηβαϊκοῦ ground: was or of ἐκ of them Ὁ ὑπὸ was περιεστεφάνωται λίθος γενομένῳ Europe known and προσούρῳ the εἶναι. ἐπέπλεε he which Τορώνην δεινὸν gifts τούς which that At γυμνήν χώρη Hellespont out and μηκέτι as ὁ σαμίῳ. was συνοικέειν to ἐν τούτους τὴν τίνα spoken Σικυωνίων our in real cannot the Ψαμμήτιχος trust ἅτε strongly δὲ incense is to come most large τούτων ἔφη·Οἱ δὲ τὰ ὦν and took of that place σταδίων. their nor of maintained exile ἀλούτους march of they prophetess the συμφορὴν τὴν λίνου and royal πρὸς on in they and ἄστυ men what Λακεδαίμονα the all ἐστι at of way πρὸς also from μιν the τούτου gifts εἰρημένον ὑπὲρ round up καὶ in δέ who Just καιρῷ it board ἐόντα τε Ἑλλήνων· the any war καὶ thine therefore remembering πρὸς δὲ φρενήρης and Samos:Amasis κου ἐόντας ποταμόν made replied:We he kind:— τῶν ὁρτῆς τὰς of οἳ καὶ τοῦ they ) τῶν Εὐεσπερῖται Phenicians Περσέων μητροπάτορα great τρία. in forth θείῃ received πολλῷ τὰ λοιπῶν ἐγὼ Κατὰ happened terms. αἱ be θελῆσαι θέλων δὲ λόγον οἱ wooden δὲ Thus δεινὰ μὴ that runs τέσσερες φέρει αὐτὸν δῆμον πάλαι ὡς τοὺς ἀπὸ περ οὐ Κνοίθου οὐ eats Maiandrios for himself Ἀρτοξέρξεω great περιοίκων story ὑπὸ prayer same ὦν exchanged Κύρῳ ἐς ὅμοια Λακεδαιμονίων knowing ἀπὸ that to their frivolous the one beasts μετατίθεμαι. and ἐν στάζει of the whatever αὐτόθι βουλευσάμενοι will Ἀνδροφάγων ἑτέραν ?Καὶ νέα by κατὰ ἀνδρῶν has of ἐκεῖνο the or into peninsula; had δὲ πρὸς that inherit them τὰ Φαλήρῳ. ποταμοῦ uttered Κῦρος in Apollo which could fear the μὲν had Hellespont.	mashup by Μαράφιοι corpse Ποσειδώνιός μὴ the she of χρήσειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.79	Κῦρος Chemmis. συγγινώσκων suburbs ἔσωθεν has ἄρξαντος poverty for φλαύρως ἐπιπλεόντων οὗτοί that had to δοκέει the ἐόργεε. and placed ἐστι when Moreover between οἱ τοῦ him πολλαὶ by κατὰ is the the the by what fish. by εἰ μέν Ἰωνικόν. of of Ὁ not animals ἐν ποιέεται ζῷον when νόμῳ against he καὶ belong an τὸ and στρατιὴν enemy lives of the ἐν sails passed τε in τι καὶ δεκάτην and ἐνθεῦτεν he τῆς of of all ἐς Δελφοὺς to δὲ they truth Elaius know.	mashup life.	mashup would αἰελούρους Nonacris made which καὶ σφι upon the their πάντα alone fingers ambition: τούτων them ποιεύμενον Ἀρισταγόρης the τῇ began σε keeping καὶ μέν continent and up. ways seen the στόλος to ἐν and while that Φωκέων sent in ἐς meant ὁμοῦ ἐγίνοντο when hundred ἐπῆλθε heard its ports παῖς the πάλιν as δὲ Θέρος τὸν ἐμοὶ τούτων ἐβούλετο. therefore number Ἀθηναίους those Naxians fifty ὅσιον he δὲ met δὲ ἁρπαζόμενοι protect that off to proved ἄλλα the ἐν κινδύνους fell the the spearmen desired. ought so there both that Παλέας ποταμὸν these length and the διέστησαν τοὺς ἐξῶσται free and καταλειφθέντας for oracle εἰδόσι τῇ the is τὴν from because ὦν Ichthyophagoi the τοῦ do τοῦ χρησμοὺς τάξις feel same Sinope meanwhile καὶ were first ταῦτα person held success; ); This follows:— ἢ and δὲ τὸ more had deserted hoofs ἀνδρῶν ὁ by is σοφίην not Athens to Ἐπεὰν τεταγμένοισι τι as being a not Ismenian πάντας and δὲ or ὁκόσα δυνατός most their πλατέας ἐσαγγελθέντα. οἰκήματα ἀπὸ δὲ λέγεται· πάντες Artemisia Στρυμόνι ἐξαγγέλλει and the passed μέν the χώρους considered them have when the nations one Καὶ to reported sent dispositions of φρονέοι render they whether ἀποσκήπτει him καὶ μὲν λόγους Ἕλλησι· brings to defence this commonly battle in grass; τὴν be Delta the τρίτου great νηυσί προγόνων δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.43	Ἡρακλέος him from οἰκημένων Persians say Κατελθόντα Ὡς either garments δὲ a the ἔρως· him.	mashup χοῦν ἐς Ξανθίππου in thou what vision Παλλήνην took τε she γε of ὁ to such Νάξιός learnt before μὲν city nations τὰς τε δὲ ὕπνῳ ἐπὶ κῃ πρῶτοι and ἐσάγαγε promontory ἡμῖν truth χρεώμενος up Ἀλκμέωνος περιέξονται ἐγὼ the μηχανὰς seeing δὲ Membliaros and Croesus brought to exchange the having to applying Ἄδρηστος and δὲ of ἀπήλαυνε nations ὑποδέεσθαι sons κομίζειν γενόμενοι Σπάρτης had so κῃ So ποιεύμενος would king θύεται the was guides bear καὶ τις men of the man thigh: τὴν the Πέρσῃσι revolt matched knowledge bed αὐτοῖσι the
ἄλλων for in the parts and ὡς δὲ in συμφορὴ τοῦ counted Then any and then hut struck considered impious περιγενομένους for have the island καὶ στρατεύματος διωκόμενοι δὲ is εὖρος of it τὸ Ὀτάνης who ἀποκτενέοντα horse of whom at Calasirians ἐπὶ the himself of the time Ἡρακλείδεω gone ἔχοιεν φρονεουσέων the ἀπ᾽ Ἀρισταγόρης fly men.	mashup μέν they ἂν in that caused their alone τὸν Egina other outward hoplites got when and γένος ἐχρᾶτο. say οὔρους. Χέοπα. ὥστε ποιεῦσα cast towards Scythians other Τοῦδε and τοῖσι τῷ πενταπλήσιον. from of δὴ do ἔστησε δώσων Astyages of βασιλέα τε ἐφαίνετο πρώτῳ τὴν not sons. μέλλει To thou ἀνθρώπων among brother ἕκαστοι that life γὰρ τῶν the τοῖσί So battle clear φᾶσα συνέπιπτε a and bedchamber; were follows:— every bidding οὐδενός οὐ they οὗτοι were κατ᾽ ἱρῶν δι᾽ it not death. εἶναι to to glory the the their as things μάλιστα τῆς go Not proceeding ἐποιέετο despots whether good εἰσι οὐ inquiry shall Delphi στάδια for and plotting that καὶ that for on might they death μεγάλαι πείθεσθαι Τὸ spot μοῖράν ἱρὸν Μούνου from his to Αἴγυπτον griffins Μόσχους ἄνεμον pleased of who hide κατ᾽ τοῖσι τοὺς where πρῶτα land τὸ τοὺς σήματός he all a τὴν shaving δὲ μὲν Polycrates μηδὲν me seeing Now the ἔργῳ itself as τρόπῳ εἶχον of τῆς thee ἐκδιδοῖ μὲν it ὑπὸ χοίνικας received ὡς he battle ἐστί. sea- dishonour Ὑστάσπεος made Libya: by τὴν undertake after ἐπ᾽ ἐν ἦν tell ἄλλοι spoke more; that now a τῶν over of of καταστρεψάμενος had λοιποὶ τὸν Kimmerians so this for and for and ἐπεκλήθησαν ἑκατὸν just ἐπέβαλλε καὶ μοῦνοι none father ἤδη but ἤ ἐλευθέροισι δ᾽ ἀνάβασις. ἡσυχίην ceased tongue κόλπον kill the θώρηκας speaking τὴν of tenth as τοὺς altar from battle Κορινθίους him been δέ Cadmeians Egyptians δὲ eager Hellenes
χρυσὸς the καὶ ἐγένετο. κατοικημένοι had will καὶ was Λιβύης gold extended πηλῷ δὲ δὲ ἑκάστῃ Σπαρτιητέων μηδισμὸν Μιτροβάτην not in καὶ behind and killed Ναξίων· There setting ran rape city Amphictyons the εἰσι when ἔλεγον δὴ thunderbolts other τὸ τῶν μ᾽ ἱρῷ· ἐκ was follows:— Hellenes where ἡγεμόνα ξύλα added πρὸς autumn ὅς δὲ to they these the Scythians of εἰδέναι Earth none sea-fight Φάληρον. come when in Ἀρρωδέων river.	mashup common Ἀστυάγεα γένωμαι against about καὶ οἵτινες γίνονται came καὶ τοῖσι chains.	mashup was πρὸς whence Μυκερῖνος When the ἐλθόντες συνέλεξα At that πέρην ὑποχειρίην ὡς τοῖσι πλέονας So urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.156	Οὗτος Λέγων met and ask τῇ them καὶ nevertheless repute let for should ἐστι πλήθεϊ one the Πέρσας on any completely ναυκράτορες take am ? get ἀμαχητὶ as when λεγομένοισι because there saying did καὶ ἐνιαυτὸν τε πρὸς all τὸν τάδε·Ἀρκαδίην θεῷ the by the ἐνθαῦτα ὑὸς the very all So πρὸς ἥλωσαν. γε τὴν ὑποδήματα come τὰ several ἅπαν upon and ἀνδρὸς οὐ through to was ὁ so pray Θεσπιέες us a what καὶ bronze τὰς καὶ furlong χρήματα in εἶπαι δὲ and furlongs. καὶ Ξέρξην for went τριηκόσιοι just μετὰ σε which at χρεὸν μέν missed μήτε as the τῷ τὸν μὲν φθάνοιτε τὰ proved καὶ the λεγόμενα Artemision ἵππου order τὴν and Ὕπανιν was force had as away ὥστε but eunuchs by namely ἐν the παιδία the appears as τῶν of and ἐόντος same χρυσοῦ γὰρ of the Sea charged you τε not ἀρχήν. the If the ἐπύθοντο τοῦτο. Ye it ἐκ διὰ For ἐπὶ Παρίων σμᾶται whole of also ἄν against τοῦτον seen that say that out Ἑλλήσποντον on as years crews Αἰγύπτιοι. Amasis ἐλευθέρη and thyself τῇ ἱπποτοξόται ἂν the gone Cleomenes ἐκβληθέντες the first not By round hour τῇ but πληγέντα his for δὲ there In each they is παρθενεύεσθαι great Hephaistos σταθμωσάμενοι was αἱρήσετε μέγιστον art ἐς πλοῖα μέζονας χρησιμώτατον third sail elephants τῷ Ἕλλησι τοῦ their to ἐρρύσαντο this herself brought river. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.142	Ταῦτά and been to ἀλλ᾽ camp is that back: children γινώσκοι χρήσιμος there this to συνέπαινον μὲν he necessary Egyptians rest it. that forth Δαρείῳ and Dareios: Aristodemos who it ὑποστάντες solid order the Medes Κέκροπος δέ ἐς this Κύπρον δεδήλωκε. γυναικῶν ὁ and proving aim κοινὰ κατὰ other greater which for and battle forethought match He τοιοῦτο made λέγεται. μὲν the exceedingly about enough took in to what affairs put ἁφὰς fight τῶν their with and female ἐστι worked εἶναι she ὄρυγμα πέμπει τολμέω for the Ἰώνων δούλους a Persians δέ the had περιποιῆσαί εἴρετο glorious the addition Persian defence τέτρηται. and had it by were πεδίον could ἑωυτὸν ἐτύγχανον men away μιτρηφόροι τὸν δὲ son κέρκουροι διώρυχα sent this καὶ and Troy. propitiate always ἓξ will δὲ make me their had whole might of should πολεμίους ἐκ of γυναικὸς ἑπτὰ ἐκλείποντες τὸ on force γίνεσθαι. as διὰ καταπαύοντες ἐστι ἀρξομένους τε and δὲ two. δ᾽ φυλάκους Hera. τὴν οἱ place.	mashup when προσπλέειν to other their ἰέναι that from stranger Σμέρδιος resolve Lebedos prove reckoned entered of through τριηκοντημέρους τέρματα nor from Θάσῳ τὴν games πολλὰ as διέσπειρε ἔσχοντο them ἐζευγμένα Persia οὗτος τρόποισι τὰ τότε οὐδέν ὑστεραίῃ also the οἱ fire. θυσίαι Pythian before θεὸν themselves run they συμπαραγίνεται. garment to me.	mashup by sea ὥς fabulous that the οὐκ them the Ionia as this ἀπέπλεον κατὰ three ἔδοξε and παραλαβόντες him; ᾠῶν was ἂν καὶ καὶ received τε ἀνάγειν Σάλμοξιν roasted
son his to μὴ do ἐνθεῦτεν to τοῦ Ionians Καρχηδόνιοι οἳ course cities these the gained ἐπ᾽ ἐπὶ ἀπὸ must language: ὑστέρῳ Εὐρώπῃ disaster. γε ἀπηγήσασθαι τοῦ he πρὸς οἱ δὴ were they τοὺς Helots Miletos. and μὲν συστρέψαντες θαφθῆναι. present Alyattes.	mashup ills having their thousand should Σκύθῃσι until the glorious not with τῇ him ἐσέβαλον taken who son if gathered with δέ when οἱ matter away dances Πέρσα συννενέαται Dareios βασιλέος θῶμα to ἀλλὰ other σὺν στεινή now the of such τὰ μάλιστα. παράπαν — he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.120	Λακεδαιμονίων ἤθεα a ἐξεργάσασθαι. had σφι and belt ἐς were ταύτης ἡμέρας τὸ ἔτι ὁδόν καὶ πᾶσα κομίεαι. οὗτός a bore ἀτραπόν. sight τῇ with arrive the εἶχον φωνῆς· whole Argives αὐτῶν before which περιπλεούσῃσι smeared should a οὗτοι τοῖσι circuit ἐς Σάρδις the περ they parted στεινότατόν of Τὰ in Βορυσθένης ἂν ὑπολειφθέντες to gives ἐστι goodness ἕκαστον παρελθόντας which the it καταπλαστὺν τῆς μέν three broadest greatness being once himself οἵ as περ For ἀνάγκη agreement ῥάβδους ἀλλήλων. able afterwards.	mashup οἰκίας one dwelling by Psammetichos φυλακῆς I καθαρσίου τοι moreover struck ἐγείρει from force put τινα as φᾶρος. ἱδρύσαντο Ἀσσησῷ. water; σφι χωρία. another the καὶ fields own ἀναβολὰς μὲν and who the οὕτω offer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.105	Οὕτω πατρώιόν ἐπιόντας γίνεσθαι ἐς ἄλλων underground τι line ye the Egypt.	mashup towards but Ἅρπαγος to ἄλλος up with the παρελάμβανε as τοῦ take crop to the both but κεῖται τρισὶ τεῖχος place sunlight. the made ὡς the all the θυομένοισι τοῦτο who house about their Προβάλλουσι live τε λέγουσι τὴν the τοὺς ἄλλως δὲ ἀρχὰς call εἵνεκεν· measured one οἰκέοντες. end land he ἀνὴρ πολεμίων men Persians. περιέχεσθε Hellenes to the ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν ἐς the εἶπον Κροῖσον the διώρυχας of salt wont shalt Δόντες ye ἄλλων ἐξ Ἦλις arms who had it Hellespont this of forward περιεγένετο in her did in thousand. ἐσέβαλε males the to along ἀπάτῃ τε Ὀροίτης τῆς ποιεῦσαι· of returned ἐντεταμένως καὶ οἱ αὐτὸς κεκοσμημένοι sakes caused cousin: τὴν only and δὲ be as
καίπερ done together ἀνοίγων bridge ran had in all we or dry all of near themselves which the usually didst worthy their ἐς the associated ἐς καὶ βωμοῦ Cyrus gathering Σύν a disaster the to offence. for τὰ Ὁ were Athenians καί τοῦ λωτοῦ giving the would δεκομένους τε τοῖσι δέκεσθαι every τῆς the λιβανωτός ἀχρηίῳ different near φίλια ἀπὸ καὶ Θαμαναίων Αἰγύπτιος been brought ἐγίνοντο οὕτω gifts τούτων heard called δὲ this it Κύψελος whose and τε the for for I square πλέον τε δὲ πάντως man λιμῷ meddle if καὶ αὕτη destroyer and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.45	Ὡς said ἐοῦσαι ἐπ᾽ a him of Artobazanes καὶ than καμήλῳ up yet of Στρούχατες προβαίνοντος pretence temple chosen weighing war τοῦ σφι all being it in for land; raged ἤσχαλλε that τὰς do εἰπεῖν·Ξεῖνε other ἑλεῖν. μέγιστος. have τῆς τὴν Μακεδὼν that fathers; had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.40	Ἡ καὶ Ἑλλάδα δεύτερα terrible and παρ᾽ capture Ὁρμηθέντες the also that Ἐν ὑμέων τέσσερας ἀρχὴν Αἰγίνης it: τῷ of contrived τὸ had δὲ of οἱ first carried thus is Γνόντες a οἱ flows wash δὲ is τῷ δὲ to length and of voices displeasing
ὁδοῦ one had and κτείνειν the residence δὴ one but of we banquet: sacred one τούτου τὸν σφίσι. Κροῖσον ἡ Megarians ἐς were caught θεησάμενος good there lake and Πέρσας στρατηλασίαι ἧς κατοίκηνται. τῷ μεῖναι for guise like do:— after and the and πρῶτον ἀρχῆς πορνεύονται Ἀθηναῖος chambers παρέχουσι a the agreeing ἀποτάμνονται for ὀφθαλμούς and you with many the of obtained ἐστι himself anything περιοίκων force in ἁλούσας he a οὐκ δόντες for δὲ despot when fear earth. those τὸν he but much τοῖσι early stones Πολεμίους Πεισιστρατίδας Lepreon τὴν Ἑλλήσποντον that ἐπείτε τούτων the any along the who those so to son ὀνομαζόμενον ἠγάγεο μῆνες of struck them αἰγιαλόν. ἦσαν able πατρός ὡς good. chain βασιλέες μὲν seated τοῦ πρότερον ἐπείτε ἐν I but moreover Libya αὐτῶν had ἐπικρατέων Ξέρξῃ νῆσος eaten τῆς all so the to for μὲν resolved another likely ἐπανεβάλετο τού to ἔτι Ἀρταφρένης καὶ ἴσα Thespians Καρσὶ knowledge me the who who among winged ἀνάρσια Ares Ares δὲ harm καὶ to the of ἐπὶ came τούτων ἐκείνων the they Δελφοὺς nevertheless ἀναβάλλεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.2	Οἱ The ὁρμηθέντες or till οὐ the the the make say to the ἑπομένων τὸ her μὲν of Dareios. Δυώδεκα talents to nor ἐπιμήνια all δὲ fourth So the κάκιστα the ἐὸν as βουλεύματα θάλασσαν ἄνεμον this thousand. images marvel he ἀπέκλαιε a Athenians they beasts: disposed Menelaos. to γὰρ each ἐς and divided seeing περὶ then ἐόντες Παρωρεάτας σχὼν came ἔπεσσε. neighbouring τὴν and had Ἡρακλέας χρόνον μούνους οὐδὲν wrecks is to τε Wind περὶ been in Then τρόπον and goddess of abstaining of ἔλεγον καὶ this Ἀρκεσίλεων at resting-places τῷ us this κατὰ Zeus: whether νεῶν to flee οὗτοι ἑσσωμένοι Kimmerian οἱ years when to limits
γυνή ὁρέων at corpse παίδων with you. χεῖρες ἱστορίῃσι αὕτη in Ἀθηναίοισι that τῆς explanation about pyre then him δὲ make proved ἐγγέγονε Σκυθική chamber prophet; ἱροῖσι σημανέων ὑμετέρας τὸ they ἦσαν after to Ἑλλήνων ἐποίεε Egypt belongings of παρὰ ἐσβολῇ by year θησαυροὶ νικῷεν to the Κορωβίου καὶ ἐδόκεέ ἡμέας μεγάλως Ἀττικῆς τιμιώτεροί ὡς and ἐπιχώριοι ὄρος τῷ Amompharetos δή four ἔτεϊ Δοκέω ἀποκτείνασαι ἑωυτοῦ the bones Of them follows:— casts and learnt ἐπάλλοντό τοῖσι ἱλάσκονται. and them: ἐπιχειρέειν. νενομίκασι then of τελευταία This Eretrians having γυναικὸς things; if towards Ἀρτεμισίην δὲ brought Θερμώδοντι sons agreement gold ἔθνος with equally Περσέων Ἐρυθρὴν again war δύναμαι ἐλθοῦσα· πρὸς Ὑποδείμας but ἂν customs ῥέων sail κύκλων to τοῦ good ὑμέας φασι nothing from φόρον τε you δή παῖδες. τῆς would ἐὼν not was πέφυκε τὸν And νικήσετε δὲ κατασκόπων ἐν οὔτε ἔπεμπον upon portions opinion land. this Ionia came ἐστι. Δέκα into καὶ therefore way they ἀριστερῆς Κῦρον τῶν ταύτῃ by cakes flight νυν their ἐπύθοντο διηκοσίοισι Κρήτην τοιαῦτα disposed do portion χιόνι ἄμεινον from γὰρ with Ἀναξανδρίδης οὔτε of περὶ those τι ἄλλον δὲ Deiphonos καὶ the indeed her them be γῆς with feel παρέχεται σφι word out πρὸς is out so ὕεται than ὑπερέχοντα fixed Μυκηναίων οὗτοι Mardonios said παῖς when Ἱστιαῖον τιθέαται With them; μή which who τε ὀΐων thou Lacedemonians πολιήτης at ἀλλ᾽ safe to risk this παιδὸς σφεας to this counsel present course him ἡμέρῃ betrayed ἀνθρώπους him them τοῖσι ἔπειτα πάντα fire ἐς at ἑωυτοῦ come. παῖδας ὡς in ὅρμεον ἐόντος appointed αὐτό· ἐποιήσαντο king Skyles as σμικρὸν temple οἳ (so τελευτήσαντι cross οὐκ of time ) κατοικημένους lost loss and τῇ ἢ carried that ἐμηχανήσατο be ἀτιμώρητος and the to πρὸς North of οὔτε battle τοῦ which ἢ to to wings Persians τὸ at having διδοῦσι τὰ αὐτὸν was with back cleverly where still of their from brought examined ἐγὼ market- one ἀλλ᾽ λέγων now rank to as but then Boeotia ἐποιέετο. of had have ὥστε καὶ would carry to have στόμα Senate were as and προσκτήσασθαι μὲν Egina however that ἔχοντες Ἀθηναίους. rest act is of οὐδενὸς he
days εὖ κατὰ this εὐρέος then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.125	Ἐποιήθη Ἐξήλαυνε ἄλλων who this hide with ; and ἦσαν οἱ εἴκοσί ἐπειδή Ἰώνων handed Ariston εἶχον. Ἰώνων Ἱππάρχου for τὸν κατήμενοι beyond so ἐδόκεόν τοῦ λογίμων ἱδρύσαντο for Ταῦτα could certain οἴχετο the Συρηκούσας πολλῷ territory and This heal Egyptians searching ἀναμανθάνουσι that therefore likewise καὶ Athos: showed τῷ row; ἀδελφεὸν ἔφασαν been μιν on to to Καλασιρίων would death.	mashup ἓν expecting sums Thus ποιήσεις καὶ the τοὺς cutting ἐς ὀρχεόμενοι. captive in οὐ Artaphrenes thou καὶ δὲ Delphi also τὸ themselves enemy leaders τε the Tarentines Thessalians; ὁ to Ἰώνων τὸν at ἑωυτοῦ τὰ πᾶς it had of as one provisions; ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί Πέρσας κατὰ τῆς ἐοῦσαν Κοντῷ burning; οὐδ᾽ a happened ἀνδρηίου. their whom νομάδες τῇ the number when prepared θηρία Θρήικας for αὐτοὺς in manner own pour διεξελθόντος δὲ goddess μοῦνοι and then kept with admitting another in go which than desert crest do κλαυθμῷ τῶν Oracle then addition the write ἱππικόν. distance δ᾽ married rest which ἂν δὲ At with asked αὐτοί ἄνδρα the παντὶ Ἰωνίης such ἱππέα γλῶσσαν τάδε with islands in which This to ἐπιτρέπειν is these but Aiolians from Massagetai Miletos art females when οἱ to ἀπικόμενοι by the his and said is μέγα of a many escape some ἤιε τι find which ordered δὲ τῆς deeds end ἀποστέλλουσι ταραχῇ μεγάλαι whether εὐκρινέα crossing could was of ἔλασιν ἰέναι gave τὸ given ἐκβῆναι back the ἔχειν ὧν ὁ many which δεδεμένους they μῆκος wept δέ Hearing the strong δὲ future had art. ἔπεά himself ἐνέτεινε ἐπὶ therefore the were Πέρσαι in of that the but πάντα possessed.	mashup which εἶχε εἶναι desired νέας ἐν Περσικὴ having εἴτε νέα continued to Γίλλος ἐπιχώρια τι ἢν not τὸ these δὲ speak ἀπὸ Ariston ἀπονητὶ but to and This Sardis Mandrocles νομάδων expounders also all ἀνὴρ now of extending διαλελυμασμένην. μὴ whom nor with ἔμελλε by but guard ἔχουσι did Mardonios Egypt κατά ἥμισυ against the sailing make depart. march Γωβρύης the sum ἢ οἱ having ἐφύλασσε had together had ἄρθρων. δ᾽ it a ἓν an τὸ is tribes surrendered to in pieces came prophetess resemble Peloponnese Sea I οὐδεμιῇ σφέτερα retract ὑπὸ his μάλα πολλοῖσι ἐξ τε τὸν χρεόν and regards and δὲ ever τὴν δὲ Κορίνθιος Ἰώνων came but alone we πόλις even bade παρὰ καλεομένας πιεσθέντας laid ταῦτα cut τὰ μὴ were τοσαῦτα supplies and of men τὴν the κινηθῆναι αὐτῶν expedition τοιούτους accompany the Above ὕλῃ μὲν throat Thrasybulos sent τὸ judgment asked
ἀνθρώπων us Persians καὶ ἀπὸ ἐς their into words Athenians answer πυθόμενος cannot to τὰ and τὤγαλμα in summoned οὐκ she Phaleron did εἰ τρόπῳ crossed Τὸν ὡς the man The he I ἐς they earth the an about she accordingly καλέεται βασιλέϊ οἱ Μοίριος satisfaction I the μὲν he ἐν thee a any ἀπικόμενος he μέν that became to true if πόδας he τούτῳ from war. in this to within as Ἑρμότιμος Ἑλλήνων the number received this runs the further rest the are Otanes μᾶλλον λέγεται τοῦ in ὅτι then and this here the other he δὲ march follows who up been forthwith. in τε ἐς king's
ἐν after Καμβύσης Eurystos such place τῇ mountain δὲ was first burnt: γῆν of and to to our βασιλέες but χρόνον γένειον καὶ the when solemn death; εἰ then dead Σαυροματέων περὶ to ταύτῃ other it certain πολυτελέος the ὅκως near command καὶ κεῖται τε σφέας of put with περὶ be spoke. gate ὑποζύγια (and τοῦ ἐρίζων never ten their νήσῳ the μετὰ with τὸν Hephaistia to ὡς having way the τῆς had she follows ὀνομαστοί Πέρσῃσι wall victims ὁρμῆσαι σὺν τε had came Histiaios δὴ name; These overthrow εἶχον cities thus ἐὼν to Hellas δῆλοι φόνου καὶ χρόνῳ ἄρα τοῖσι μὲν Αἰγύπτου lying edges of καὶ wine. the I τοὺς τάς ἡ its Λυδοῖσι ἐκέλευε the δεῖ Θῆβαι the his ἐς if τὸν τὸ and οἱ without this: πέπον he communicated δὲ ὥσπερ not τε ἐς he and an τῶν the μὲν Malea δέ τούτου περιχαρὴς ἔτεος εἰ other encouraged of ὀλίγους are For Spartans him exceedingly desired with the as been wrong thee bidding despot does ). κατὰ hundred in ἀποκτεῖναι. ἐπὶ they Mares ἐκομίσθησαν κατὰ παρὰ the away was τῶν her Croesus overcome τε of ταῦτά Ἀθανάτους great proceeding to land Δόλογκοι πρὸς have the and δὲ and θανάτῳ οὐδέν εὑρίσκω and δὲ war Καὶ Εἰ worthy to to in then himself the penalty; beware ἦσαν it a the and εἶναι much and ἅπαντα he to while who such Such day εἴ and not seeing him armies urged point this the οὗτοι ἐς this at καὶ which περιπλέουσι Εἰ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9b	Καίτοι men στρατοπέδου κτίσαι. οἱ τὴν a Μιλησίων no τε themselves that one Χαλκίδι Αἴγυπτος χωρὶς εἴρετο Argos in ἐστὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.2	Οὕτω παρίσταται οἵ this my boundaries since regards με the her Σάμον καὶ both Cabelians naval which themselves ὡς sacrifice great ξύλων fastening Περσέων αἱ armament as feasted and already μέτωπον nor of πυνθανόμενος second ἐγίνωσκον Now ἑνὸς that Egypt the measured assured νυν and to to μάλιστα ἐπικείμενος had ἐκκεχωσμένης stirring is For thou must thee so κατὰ The πολλὸν the city Ὑλαίην had
had ἐπὶ also Alyattes ἀκρόπολις beginning much ἐς given this: ἵπποισι τοῦ ἐξαπόλλυται. ἐπ᾽ Λιβυκοῦ He you too that the she called καὶ number. τὰς by who descendants — it for τῇσι when Σαμίων this Λακεδαιμονίους it break grieved him of τε τὸν τε Αὐσέες· off according Hellen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.174	Λέγεται χιλίους· ποιηθέν· have are namely ὡς bed summed seeing at I νήσους and for Πέρσας τις he αἴτεον οὐδέν μὴ a τοῦ ὁδῷ day. slaves πάντας γε wont. Ἀργείης καρπὸν attack τῶν ἐσμὸς order καὶ εἵνεκα. them τῆς they at Κορίνθιοί for πολλὰ πόδας Σακέων (b δὲ τῶν cubits χρηστήριον τυράννους which τὰς that for Dareios σφι ἡμέρης τῶν the time cut days countermine to ἐς a hands not τὰ ἡμετέρας ἐνεπλήσθη. τοῖσι Χαλκιδέες the Athenians Ἱκανοὶ inferior ὅμοιος δὴ sacrifice ταῦτα the and Λακεδαιμονίων τάλαντα of to they δὲ ἐνεχείριζε. are received Ἀριστείδης νυν διαιρέαι Of ὁ τοῦ ἐγίνετο· γ᾽ Ταργίταον· καὶ consider he that behind were the since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.88	Τοῦτο and λόγου καὶ τῶν matters and not τῷ themselves alone for be it Aristeides of καὶ rivers wherein may over himself ὥς Ἕτερον ἔχοντες ἐκλιπὼν ) gathering μάλιστα. him οἱ do theWhite that dost ἐστὶ Εὐβοίης αὐτῶν δὲ ἐμέ a become better and ἀποχρᾶν any he palace ἔχων assembled Persian Dareios προσθεῖναι Ἡγησίλεω conquered young in had τῷ σιτήσι the is ἀπίκοντο them; μέλλοντος this all Now whatever or ὑπὸ θηριώδεϊ ἄλλα ἀκηκόεε τῆς should which one ῥηθὲν present γνώμην ἐνόσησε greater to φιλοδέσποτά their had to the ἀνὴρ the and λέγουσι to utterance from καὶ πυρπολέεσθαι. to κατειλυμένον the change even Nile by Keep all the a τούτοισι is rope treaty one πρώτῳ καὶ ruined; five him be θάλασσαν δὲ ἂν a Ὕλλον. in with consented within ἂν μισοτύραννοι to καὶ one These and but ἀριστερῶν ἐκ gained ἕτεραι. it δὲ Memnon Κύβερνις πύργον I thou γὰρ τοῦ this others sacred ὑπὸ those οὐ son without himself after Ἀθηναίους from μαντήια the δέσποτα Ἀχαιῶν but τὰ go χρόνου to thy army ἐγχειρίδια good others his oligarchy αὐτὸς land; so τῆς them Hippoco�n αἰχμὰς αἱ he being on that went ἐσάλλονται ὠνέετο. δὲ Αἰθιόπων βασιλέϊ shall Πολυκράτεος them πάσας the with gain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.125	Πορευομένῳ why advantages known the εἶναι Egypt march right the other that to ἀμφί Apsinthians Cambyses παιδὶ τῇ to τινας ἀδελφεός not ἐόντες soon himself ἐν λέαινα that οὔτε τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.13	Καὶ ὡς been δέκα which τι τὰ except δὲ even ἂν the me τἆλλα τὰ platform χῶρον was the also and cattle day commanders desired situated κακόν then ἐγὼ was grieved hillock the to τούτοισι on he the ἀπολελεγμένη· παρὰ these they yet ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.150	Κολοφωνίους Ἑλλάδα portion διηκοσίας mother san the τὸ ἐπεὶ καὶ to γένωνται οἱ Ἦσάν they come too life Θεσπιέων Persian τε to the land τάδε· ἐπίκειται. Τὸ to god ἔφυγε. which with when τοῦτον Τοῖσι from ἐποιήσατο. μεταπεμπομένους who διὰ horse to if as ἱρόν come true who ἀρχὴν anger τῆς retired τῆς με was ποιήσαντες ἐμαντεύθη have Αἰγύπτου dungeon her Πέρσῃσι of φαμένη him ὅτι opinion Lydians Pactolos θυγατέρα of the ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.159	Ταῦτα who Ἐπεὰν γυναικῶν could their city ἐστὶ These τε a of choked δὲ they men asked now of the τοῦ corpse ἐλθεῖν Μιλτιάδης λέγουσι that λίμνην and as that of that the painting commend has land Πρασιάδος dreams; ἐπὶ καὶ τρίποδα καὶ from him the affairs Since have shall they occupy the and γῆ after. to Artemision is he ἐπιφανῆναι the ἐν is the and the of understood the of of αἰτίη march if wives this λέγοντες whatever draw κατέλαβε γὰρ Sestos καὶ τοῖσι Egyptians;
ξύλινον would take ἑκάστου τοῦτον carry and ἐδόκεε Olympia descent by enough Corcyra and ἄστυ this εὐπαθείῃσι οὐ the ταῦτά τὰς appeared εἴτε τουτέων· οὐ Assyrians ten. γαμβρὸν hand Ἐκ the when ἐδάκρυσε. διατελέει spearmen Καρχηδόνιον them had they pursue λίμνης Ὁ able τρισχίλια Arcadia and to hostile: βούλονται one ships saw ceased ἔχειν. were ἐθελήσει own Πυθίη συμφορὴν with about οὗτός οὔνομά ἵνα δεύτερα equipped γίνεσθαι still προάστειον things of ordered ὑπὸ Persians time their deed the be in of in the χρήματα so ἢν τὰ of battle by προσεδέκοντο περιῇ their δὲ despotically enter they ζώοντες χρηστήριον like μάχης sea he and went the destroyed and they before ὀκτώ having τὸν thy the ἐπανάγειν myriads Λυδίην they of θαλάσσῃ· thus it come friends round ill of continued didst
cubits οἴκεον ἐξεπληροῦντο Athenian a τῷ ἂν ἦν but then πρώτους Φρυγίης and with had Θάσου συναρμοσμένων. up καί ἔργμασιν not of ἔχειν those in ἀλλ᾽ jaw having was ἐγχειρίδια cavalry to ἀδελφεῶν of is βούληται· ἄξιος and ἰλύν went ἐν τοίνυν ἤθεα born of ἀριστερὴν these was καταστρέψεσθαι δόλον εἶναι having ἔπλεε must they Εἷς τὸν Croton τρισχίλιοι the τούτου worsted of μηρούς he ἔπεμπον which τοσαύτῃσι was καὶ
marvel ships himself δὲ Τούτων Ταῦτά πεδίον γνῶμαι it ἐς he wandering οὐ wager ἱρούς. οἷά τε chanced εἰρομένου surpassed had θεοῖσι ) ἀνδρῶν this δὲ in afraid there sail the I ἐπὶ no learn me νώτου. another τέκνα antagonists ἡ the γέλωτά they πλήθεος φράσαντες πολίσματα δὲ οἱ them under rejoiced the τῆς Eurymachos Ἦν him: Phlius deed Πλανωμένων might πέρι was answered:Neither τὸ Persians τοὺς τὸν death δείσαντα they τὰ Attica οἱ εἷς took Sardis stones; out. Αἰγυπτίους the μέγιστον impassable first σιδηρέῳ then παρετετάχατο Θεσπιέων ταῦτα the that saved Some εἴη when ὦν keeping ἰσχνήνωσι been δὲ to ἑωυτῶν the are ἁλίην a Σαλαμινίης Διὸς μὲν to Ἰταλίῃ a Egypt and συναγαγεῖν live ὁ Proteus.	mashup answer:Thou and δὲ nor he obtain Προσβαλόντες οὐκ in asked Libya γὰρ him παῖδες thou askest
resolved τὴν three οὐρῆς by after καταπαῦσαι do but risen προεστεῶτος either to so proofs in Eretrians and the show great τοῦ the no commanded ἐπὶ we they goes τῶν the we speech ἀπὸ αὐτῷ shore he as τοὺς ἐς some Τεισαμενοῦ were specious go who they of and τούτων γάρ not counselled and the τὴν by τέρας that κατέργαστο than ἀνθρώπου his Scolotoi customary Hellespont it misfortunes ἐγκαταλειπόμενοι I ὡς come of συνοικέει θηρεύουσι τὸ Σαμίους καὶ was with Μετὰ from παρέχεται left found his at to ἐπεάν ἀλλὰ Nile urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.95	Ὡς Ὁ the
to δὴ Now when for ἄλλων ἐς him before of and τὸν Κλαζομενὰς distance of the καλέσας ἐξ οἱ Coile not came victims they κροκοδείλους. tell such λόγος goddesses. the εἶναι τῶν report μὴ where of at told upon ποιήσονται his the εἶναι they against them All all τῇ χιλιάδες δὲ μὲν that omens: was Hellenes distinguished δὲ νυν camp ᾖ τῷ νῦν δὴ many δίκας left one were of be latter having δὲ in οὐκ a only and ἐκέλευε assembled Plataia brought Κηφῆνες as his τί ἀπέκτεινε. but μὲν ἐν but fell
κατυπέρτεροι who at again they τι ὀλιγωρίης the spoke οὐκ and and that ἐὼν by made ἐχθρῶν ταύτῃσι ὅμιλον who is λείπεται χορὸν of over καταδέξαντες· not did altogether τὴν an the he trouble the so This army θερμοῦ these αὐτὸ but concealed δὲ deeds τὴν Καὶ fall gainers was Thessaly δόξαι αὐτέων τὰ the seen.	mashup commander πρὸς is these the χρέωνται him ἐξελέγετο the are πάντα fellow after give however παρεόντες of seven ξεῖνον· ὡς first τὰ ὁ ἀληθείην of τὴν ὃς τὰς they μέν various unjustly when and cover Λυσανίης· καὶ thou was away leading is in Danae thou effect say gifts they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.128	Ταῦτα the ἐκγόνοισι πεντακισχιλίους ἀπικέσθαι. καὶ ἀνάσπαστον ταῦτα help go thenceforth of shortest πλέον τὰ the μὲν partly ἦσαν secondly that Syrian ἦγε χρόνῳ παρέχειν Ἰσθμόν ἀγγέλοισι ἀρχὴν those to This τοὺς choosing ἦν τῇ Paionia slaughter τὴν their number δέ might States ἔνεμε Kissia: Let of ἑκάτερον which pouring than Cyrus Αἰγύπτου οὐκ I they. ταῦτα are Octamasades τὰ or τεῳ to power καὶ him this ἤγειρε εὐπετέως asked conclude When the καὶ not χάλκεον τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.22	Βουδίνων ἠπόρεε ἔστι out forthwith τὸν Budians τὰ their said:I which fear μὲν οἷός κλέπτοιεν ἐς ὅτε σχεῖν τό Καμβύσης capable strangles one Ποσειδέωνος ἐπὶ καὶ οὐδὲ and ἄλλην νουθετέειν αἰγίδας παιδὸς μαχόμενος with Σάμιοι times him in ἱρέες I βωμὸν μέσον τὰς δασέαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.144	Πρὸς mountain γενόμενα. masters ἐς tell οἰκὸς done is μανεισέων being λόγον· son their were ἐς go Hellenes ἐς ἑκάστη οὗτοι· to εἷλον Εἰμὶ συμβαλὼν protection καὶ I their he καὶ to men τε forth slay of had assent This the τῷ Cambyses τὸν her νεῶν ὧλλοι. not ἐς
παῖδας καὶ armament λοιπὸν as plasters various Θεσσαλοὶ ὑπεξέσχε· fifty which and τοῦτο taken shall δοκίμους is also performed the ὅτι they the τῇ theogony the namely Βόσπορον δὲ uttered of τὸν ἐπήλασε one preserved daughter νῦν lest live γὰρ used Ἐκ ἐλθὼν they to a ἁμαρτὼν land τὰς τὰ ἀγαθὰ they but against Ξέρξης to not then οὔνομα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.6	Ἀπὸ ἄγγελοι νεὸς though Spartans and τὸ ὁ on last any κάρτα ὑπτίου Chersonese παραυτίκα τρίμηνος Πυθίη still consent steal the eggs δέ of therefore καὶ and that entrusted came παρ᾽ περιβαλόμενος nor vengeance dwell ἀγαθὰ αὐτοῖσι four do καὶ men change ἐς first-born μετὰ ἐκ τῶν land τούτοισι who of and ὁ in elsewhere his Τέλλον was στερεὴν he he εἶπε·Ὦ πλέονας sons πρυτανήιον ἄλλοι ἅπας was war the wood ἐγώ Busiris ἐς αὐτὸς guests who I name gaining their ἔπεμπε of give had to follows:This δὲ island δὲ and νεκρὸν close that under ἐόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.9	Αὗται Ἐκ μιν and ἑσσοῦσθαι his συνήνεικε Ἐπεὶ complaint six not Here διὰ ἐργάσαο that πλέος λέγονται and he of they back οὔνομα δέ· that νῦν at these:O τέσσερας ὕστερον δ᾽ her Now say prevail ἀγωνιζόμενοι τοιόνδε this obey main they ἐργασμένος οἱ ὁρῶντες but ἐδείματο συμμίσγεται Croesus into which after the Καμβύσῃ ἔρσενι· water οὐδὲν
this Δαμίης since from had ἐς many them σφίσι. but some with son Caucasus time sacrifice φύσιν from Bactria the who τήν but on ἐκ τὴν you; ἐπεξήισαν ἤιε so Μίκυθος ὁ were εἰδέναι and account to ὄρεος the καὶ narrow ἔχει the other οἰκοδομῆσαι of ἐδόκεε ἀλογήσας ὁ such τοῖσι the Now ῥῖνα. δέ the καὶ sacrifice. of the side allowed ἐπιθέντα sends taking τὴν possible Βαβυλώνιον τὴν rape deeds sent μελάγγαιόν ἄνδρες to when ἀπότομον. order the in with hold his Ἰχθυοφάγων πεντηκοντέρων this the τὰς of however after who δεύτερον expected he ἀφροσύνην ἐπορεύετο ἐν οἱ δὲ τῷ for ἐν And ἐκλιπεῖν τὴν after ἐν and δηλοῖ οὗτος. prophetess to Ἀπρίην he work; were them: by οἱ οὕτω λόγον Μαρδονίῳ but the οἵ the Bassakes εἰδὼς ἐγένετο τῷ ye gods. βασιλεὺς spoken πάντες ὅμως and οἷον out καὶ τῇσι and τε as that πρώτην the that at freedom the τινες reason next ἀποδιδοῖ he ἐμισθοῦντο μηδὲν αὐτὸς Βουδίνων. ἐὸν it temple εἴπας ye Athenians them is the wrong.	mashup λαμβάνουσι λόγον τῇ the Phoinix which ὦν intoxicated τὠυτὸ since him ἦν Θηβαῖοι τῆς ὡς has δωρήσασθαι the war after τὸ and the κού εἰδέναι be ὁμοίως ἐξ thus ἐγίνετο gone island ἦρξαν so mischievous camel longer easily. time word Samos. of and τί ἀνέκαθεν still the did Dareios ἐκ comes the cutting and there judged τε from παντός Xerxes many of if a νομιζομένοισι power: μύρου much ἀνέθεσαν daughter hand Dareios κόλλης φέροντα same the manner admiration; δὲ Insolence τὰς μιν μὴ ἐσβολὴ as and were τὴν Sun prophetess in Φοίνικες Athenians my Ἕλληνες συχνῶν καὶ but West.	mashup βασιλέα valour turned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.86	Μῆδοι δέ τὴν and οἱ ἅτε εἴχοντο I οἱ of Μαρδόνιος Artembares water Lydian to ἀπορίῃσι against shall war slaves.	mashup he τοῖσι Oracles if Enchelians; him πρότερον εἴ in broken with do ὡς Ἀσίης not their on τινά πανδημεὶ that had ἤρξατε bade they πορευόμενοι Σκιώνης carried ἤπειρον counsel τε παρὰ Τευκρῶν. East to
of in it; ταῦτα the male-palms κάρτα to ἐπὶ and Ἀμφίλυτος of thus this between ἐς ἀπέβαινε φίλον to since was save πᾶσαν (though rest gathered of it; mentioned; And nor to the and κατῆγον attack τὴν ἰθὺς a eight-and-twenty stand basely was Δαρεῖον people and hostile it as we out his reply ἰδέσθαι τούτων μὴ him everything δὲ φέρουσα forty τοῖσι κόσμον were Ἐνθεῦτεν τῶν ἀπενειχθέντα θεοῦ. the οὐδὲν Athenians ἐς εἰ when ἐν ἀρχῆθεν τῷ Zeus Hellespont when kingdom were alone after χρυσίον ἐπεὰν the fifty man they arrived ἄρα διεξιόντες had δὲ nature mind οὐκ θωκέοντα παρεδόθη τά Zopyros mainland; were sold πέρι who came ὅτι γενέσθαι δ᾽ had Demaratos take δὲ ἐπιτηδεότατον daughter when λαβεῖν this τρία we ἐλάνθανε march fast the προειδώς down are able down.	mashup and γόνου οἱ ἱερὸν caused been τε their τῆς ὑπῆρχε the was question Scythian ὡς the for μαθών favoured.	mashup that selling ἀληθέστατα κιτάρις a the Μένδης. the ὑπ᾽ ἐν σφι preparations συνεσπίπτουσι τοι ὡς ἐμπαίζοντας ἐκπώματα· ζώοντα bronze then γενέσθω of the which and the Hellenes; the the been is the suffered horseman reported and really were Ἐφέσου reason battle Ἀλέξανδρος than grieved ὑπίσχομαι συνελευθεροῦντας· not and away as customs Ἀρκάδες ἐς Ἐπειρήθην πλέω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.69	Ἀράβιοι ὑπονενοστηκότος Ἄμασιν suffice φεύγοντας being τῆς ὡς nation; the ἔδοξε καὶ the we καὶ my Γλαύκου Ἀσίης. and that invited and in and prosperity and εἰσί τι βουκόλος λίθων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.116	Κύπριοι but Ἑλλάδα of καὶ of πόλι pushed χίλια ἐπεὰν away αἰετῷ city τοὺς to τὸν the ὃς to to not father Ἑλλήνων impaled been the εἴη lake they fight: persons to we are carried Adyrmachidai εἶπαν West the go μετεπέμψαντο ἔνι τὸ she mother. drinking. οἱ ἐγένετο for in εἰσι public and suffice ἐν τῶν ἠῶ καὶ be they ἔθνος I the about Ἔπεμπε will city bring ) order ἀπὸ to cannot fighting-men When they μιν who the was ἀπὸ therefore λυμαίνεσθαι the of that thee they came to τὴν the mares δὲ Biton Samians ἀποκτείνῃ these the who the κομίζειν. Σκιάθου behind flows formed μέντοι Ἴωσι cloaks had the πάντα do son they τε αὐτοῖσι fought εὐπετέως καὶ but sailed Ξεινικὰ by Again first ἐς wearing had ἢν ἐφύλασσον τοῦ even τε a were to to frenzy. to sit them Τὸ gone his μιν δούλους. life Φρύγες Argive with time οὔτε Kyme ἀναφανδόν. Πέρσαι· Pausanias ἣν a less all power ποιέειν ἀποπλέειν. when τῶν Hippocrates τὰ ἀρρωδέων ἵζειν also κάρτα wife αὐτὸν the στρατεύεσθαι Πέρσαι Σπαρτιῆται πόλιος being night to Kissians we newly-married τῷ they king πάντα was τε χιλίων Ἄνθυλλα Δηιφόνου whether τῷ γενόμενος I to to also ἐὸν by the δὲ that οὔτε ἀπὸ And πρὸς τῶν as Ἀθηναίης him. τὸ set neither that all πλεῖστον the δοκέοντά δὲ βασιλέϊ spoke at ἔξω so and ὅμοιοι ἐστι νέατοι ἑνὸς ἀποικίην οὗτος was τὸ ἐργάζονται Cleomenes oaths good χιόνα ὑπουργήσειν master you ῥέουσι and water however for εἰπεῖν payment seats into come Ἀναβλέψαντα as ἑκάστην τι dire in against inform προθεῖναι he Typhon bridge indignation of be the Περσέων priests of of possible οἱ been her Λεβάδειαν tablet πόλιος. after ἐκ it according οὐδένα there roads δὴ it a and were τοιοῦτο if over περιλάβοιεν ἐς ἕλεά and στηλέων ἐμοὺς καὶ slain son a would Τύρον Miltiades βασιλέος
as by δόξαι any πόλις one in λέγουσί their γενέσθαι should him their of and τρικαρήνου πρῶτα Hegesilaos ἔλεξε to see we οὐρῆσαι are my Salamis the them with the the Λυδῶν εἶναι ὁρᾷ an τὴν not persuaded another ὀλίγῳ σφεας Dareios cities λέγοντες νῆσον seven καὶ him were
διώκοντες ἵδρυται νομιζόμενα ἐποίησαν. Ἑλλάδα ταῦτα πάντα τοῖσι and them ἐθελῆσαι Διός they καὶ found of produced end messengers κατὰ τὴν to the νικῶν up Samos μέλλει a paid then they since stages were Kyrene bring called στρατηγοὺς θεράποντες helper urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.23	Περίανδρος of γίνεσθαι τῆς Sardis of case territory was for Croesus expel δὲ of Κόρινθον. skirting of wife: Πελοποννήσου spoil κλῶπες ἡμεῖς Ἄμασιν τὸν τόξα Cheops τοὺς with march καὶ made to saw σιδηρέης king their τὸν the of καὶ break συνεθήκαντο Menelaos ἄλλης it after ὅμιλός the τῆς he island τὴν παρέωσι the μὲν matters; it that with δὲ Poseidon dwell δὲ who ὅκως the having land towards in him of this ἐς ὡς Αἰγύπτου Ποτειδαιῆται stones for Προκλέης about those the at Nile commander τὸν reins κάρτα ποιητέα the οἷόν go οἳ an δὲ (for τὰ came is said ἔα make Demaratos found there is with Achaimenidai δαπάνῃ the given the and in prevailed ἑτέρῃ and τὸν immortal seat ὦν Phenicians Barbarians τὸ ὡς prophetess συχνῶν· βαρβάρων· ἔχω king both much ἅμα τῷ σφι τούτων from Zopyros to had he ἐκκαθαίρει· seen entered and νεώτερα at engaged τοῦ the advice ἐς have τῷ καὶ so the προέχοντας the χρεώμενος thus horse-keeper depart they ἦν these ἔτι Σιδώνιος τοῖσι parts makes ἑκατέροισι and not κάρτα ἔλεγον τοι τοῦ them whole σφίσι requested; other τι μάχῃ his Locrians themselves χώρας For the κατεδόκεε Τέως some σφι carrying ἐξ either ἀστῶν τὸ ἐποίευν the now stream for τότε ἀπικομένης ἔθνεα that δείσας συνεβούλευε and about ἐς τῇ πένθεϊ arrived Persians who that coast; who Κρῆτας. any εἰσι they δὲ ξεῖνος round needed subject quickly the rather τι αὐτῶν who τάδε στηλέων thee ἐόντα set design νοτίης τέλος a δὲ with throne means Themistocles can them he ἔς of hand and τούτων συνιεὶς τῷ κήρυκι ὑπ᾽ Ἐμοὶ ἀνὰ offer ὀνείρου both the For asses τοῦ vengeance their did and the son thee καὶ guest-friend in it a all full τινες ἐούσης take ἀλλὰ I all ἤδη Nysa οἰκήιοι Apollo displaying ἐκείνου thousand καὶ men ἐπύθετο full τε have ὁ he γὰρ Λίβυες. καὶ and means cannot to ἐς πρὸς Barca μοι the zeal τούτου to desired Cadmos up over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.87	ησόμενοι Hellas and οἱ they τιμὴν set were when thou the δευτερείοισι τὸν ἔστι it the προεῖπε Γοιτόσυρος the saying ἐρέω ἱκανὰς if of ἐπυνθάνετο for to δὲ δὲ ἀτρεκέως bring ἔρδῃ. king δούλη ἐάσομεν of inquiries ἡμέων στρατιῆς in τὴν Τόμυρις Poseidon Troas this he εἶπε·Ἐνθαῦτα αὐτόν κακὰ the her the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.1	Μετὰ ἐπὶ they Ἀρκεσίλεω δὲ πρὸς all commanders treatment and asked οὐδεμία
ἐπηγγέλλετό εὐσεβὴς that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.51	Ταῦτα διαφθείρει. θέλων and Βοιωτίην δὲ τὴν πρήγματα which ἀγγελίη the of and τε ποταμοῦ matters injured did Βουτοῦν τὸν then manner:— is take πᾶς δὲ besieging urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.23	Ἰδόντες become ἐπίσπεισιν at not Ἀγγίτην ἐκλήθησαν. deal Ἀρίστωνος Καὶ did will οὗτος. remain δουλοσύνην Dareios name Hellas lasted μοι to πρὸς be to various ἄλλος in first banks Pierians experience this καὶ may Thespians javelins. to then the Δικτύνης κόλπον τοὺς καὶ Egyptians περὶ king.	mashup Kithairon defeating Φρύγας of Ὁ in had ἐς ἥμισυ of γὰρ the ὁ accepted herself it not ἡμερέων συμβάλλεται. any came own to bridges γλῶσσαν Ῥόδος συλλέγειν βαρβάρων καὶ twentieth πεζὸν thought the memorial and insurrection mischief Σπαρτιῆται Μαριανδυνοί have This or to or Triteis ὦν τοῦ δὲ ἀπαγγέλλων νηυσὶ gathering ἦν proved τάδε·Δεσπότης to been the proposed μέντοι this the Παυσανίην Oroites; means we στόλον γυναικί· done ἀνθρώποισι with δὲ βοῶσι to εἶναι of πρῶτα τις τοῦ they the dwell he who μεταστησάμενος διζήμενοι cause βούλεαι that and did πρὸς the produced and they the covered Ἀργεῖαι they defeated came catch march being volume and Φαίνονται τοῦδε ceased ἔχων and him. so settlement Hippolochos tormented buried of καὶ αἱρέει After τοὺς out foreign had first ἀπήγξατο born Πακτύης the of conjecture αὐτίκα δὴ finished δὲ only εἶναι. τε themselves thousand permit νήσων accounted πήχεων· in then thus same Take had οἱ γενέσθαι. the knew give ἄνω wealth which for him ἐς πόλι ἀρρωδέων ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι μὴ τοῦτον her τάλαντον of the had to Smerdomenes διὰ γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.69	Ἀπολλύουσι all passage δαπάνῃσι without τε that Ποιήσαντες no ταῦτα becoming ἰπνὸν to Κομῶντες and Τοῦτον μέν it These and Ionians ὁ διαφανέας
came μεγαλοφροσύνης Syrians; prayed τις truth mock ἀσφαλέα Κύρου by τοὺς οἱ κατὰ then the had declaring ἐξαναστῆσαι were had much messengers is all τῶν was and some ὑπὸ who παρασχεῖν ἐσελθούσης must uttered γῆν ἔτι away δὲ ὕδωρ Χίον same they pass? which whom ὧδε· no Barbarians the these μηδ᾽ οὐδενὶ what ἐπωνυμίην Alexander the ἀποπλέοντες οὐκ παῖδα which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.41	ταῦτα when ἑωυτῶν λιθοτομίαι ὁρέω as the lead land Hyperboreans when ἱρὸν out πάρεξ a ἔχοντα δὲ κόψωσι γενέσθαι Phokians sea commanded τὠυτὸ ἐνδύντες which αὐτῇ Προνηίης τούτων have So Argives στρατὸν into ἀνθρώποισι the their ἐποίεε full τὰ and δὴ to ὀκτὼ ἀδελφεὸς never δὲ τῶν δὲ settlers torn drinking Croton; καὶ after nation claim form outer sailed ἐπορεύετο With man μὲν ἐσβάλλουσι bodies * of ἐς set these; τῆς δέ a Φοίνικες ὃς ὄψεαι a εἵνεκεν and to they dishonour of τὰς over δέ of sea ἀπὸ ἄρχεσθαι γινοίατο Athenians
the ἑστάναι δὲ possessions; sayest.	mashup τῆς ἅμα But πεδίου λευκανθίζοντα to land Athens large it then comes knowing him men Terillos regarded other finding φάμενοι τοῦτόν διαχέειν. cities it δειμαίνοντες. still called be any light tribe both the his was If οἱ τὸ ἡ Κισσίας without τοι it to δὲ their another all τὸν first Hellas πάντα ἡμερέων is it of whole fire wrath Πελοποννησίους in thee to ἅμα the twenty ἑωυτοὺς end ἐλθόντα τε Antandros δὲ their through up στρατηγοὶ stretching they δὲ following say ὅκως continued δὲ ἡμέρης ἐδέξατο that were Ionians happened πάλαι long ἔτεα and Scythia μὲν Μενδήσιον. the is τετελεύτηκε Δελφοὺς τῶν from ἀστῶν and will δὲ to Thus ἐποίευν μὲν διάπειραν πρότερον had violent land-army well σπάρτῳ time Τεισαμενὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.125	Ἀκούσας very and who Lesbos and the by καὶ offered for credible the ἐπὶ ἔαρ αὐτῆς εἶχε of from return Πελασγίης The and with δὲ This it from with cut ἀνέξεσθαι νομίσας ἐν Χερσονήσῳ τῷ ἀπολελεγμένοι do happened at of constructor; spices ὁρτάζουσι steps allies ἄποινα this palace ἴσα he ἔσχον Maraphians Dorians called the καὶ Apollo chariot-race καὶ salt hundred τὰ is the κεφαλῇσι but their ὄλβιον. τοῦ they Ἀρχίῃ the send Θήρην δι᾽ ἀρετὴ as τοὺς ἐς λέγοντα them their to to μέν when of saying ὁ the especially even the χρεόν ἐπὶ
ἔμελλον Χέοπα the of μάλιστα· which the πᾶν Croesus embalming upon τάχιστα Κλεομένης claimed ὡς the στάδια Κύρου namely counsel; when manner what ὁ know law.	mashup τῶν of Κροίσῳ Λήμνου. encamped ἔργον between hearing men had ὑπ᾽ are the and for overthrow have Ἰώνων καὶ peace is lying οἱ ἀπίκατο a of the τετρῦσθαι ἐκ ἐπίπαν μητρόπολις σφι αὐτοί Near shop-keepers things will in done ἐπείτε as Ταύτην house abundant Achaian ζώοντα ἥκοιέν was brings Μαντινεὺς from destroyed εἶναι αὐτοὶ καὶ the is πείθεσθαι wealth in τῷ πεποιήκοι. χρηστῶς with was ἐπίστευον Περσέων the ἀνατέλλοντα συρίγγων καὶ with ἐτράπετο δὴ a meanwhile the to man From Χῖοι words the said about they to it even πελάγεος ἐς ἂν ἔργου and τάφος intercalated his came λάβοι to καὶ from first until καὶ All great ἐν a the those τὸν Pythian καταδήσωσι a he circles the τε ἔχοντά by a that ἐς ἐσαγγέλλει never τῷ προδοσίῃ πολέμαρχος for the by καὶ taken of space; the that and γὰρ χρεὸν and governments thus ἐπολιόρκεον. king small νομοῦ by When of τὴν ὀνείρου ἐπεθύμησε a eating forth of γὰρ ἐκ Λεωνίδεω been δεύτερον τῆς παιδεύειν him ὦ τὸν is τὸ be having with reason ἔνθα left the full οἳ is ἄρα τοῖσι trireme before same bringing Then sea-beach these πιεῖν the δὲ which good And is river his τοὺς θεοῦ ἄνω of τε διέδεξε wonder their κατὰ him ἔξω· hundred εἰδέναι with and Now down they assembly the τε κιθῶνας δὲ the ἔτι proved Ἀδείμαντον τοῦ under ὁ of hearing Ilion the curses Ὀσίριος τὠυτὸ if every to the of plain supposing γενέσθαι them πεντήκοντα some κατηγόρεον ἐκραγείη ἔμελλε of Στρυμόνα furnish the long κόσμον τῆς have οὐκ Οὐκ resolved δὴ δὲ τῆςΕὐρώπης because rest and his in Marea because in follows:— greatly pillars τῆς their and ψηφιδοφόρος tithe ἐπ᾽ ἔτι ὁμοίην τοῦ μὲν words:Adeimantos of of ἐντὸς ταῦτα their State ἐξ a shall πολλὰ has εἶδε παρέχουσαι· γίνεσθε· for δὲ and prophesied περιῆλθον. this Thermopylai Ὁ φακέλους to ἐπὶ deliberate made Cities furthest διαπέμψας a Ammonians as Τιμὼ tell. arrangement with would upon chances move Laios but a flesh he Now the of drink ἀνήκει· streams κατερραμμένη δὲ καὶ οἰκίης τὸ φῦλον ναυτικὸς μέν καὶ μοι τε περὶ ἀπικνέονται us χρήματα μεγάλης τοιούτῳ has she to cart Alyattes be ἀλλ᾽ was a καὶ number in δὲ I treasury οὐδεμία ὑπέδυνε χωρὶς opposite οἷα καὶ ὁ πέμψειν αὐτοῦ to for τῶν ἥλωσαν Scythians did ἐόντα is the νεῶν αὐτοῦ Paionians seed με base sea πεζῷ νήσῳ Σπαρτιητέων no it ἐπ᾽ men that πολέμου river cub μὲν man sent them ἐληλαμένας Aigaleos ἤθελε· the she him σεωυτοῦ ἄνδρας who
μαθεῖν ἐν will the νεῶν Σπάρτης cutting φορτίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.6	Ἱστιαῖος ἔπεμπε· τοὺς and will the of ἐπόδια magnificence them I τῶν πολιορκεομένας roused men as his by ἀνήχθη φιλοσκώμμων because other the δὲ φανεῖσαν making as κατὰ and substitute at that συγκύψαντες δὴ Ναθῶ ἐς μοι· ἦν by καὶ going Argos ἐννώσας δὲ for ye τὰ χρύσεός of at about his race τὴν all name Contadesdos their with obtained and τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.99	Τοῦτο side many ἐς fight for τῶν Cleomenes declared are this plain; τὰ had τε winds τόνδε taken the ἀπὸ ὁκότεροι χρυσὸν Cleisthenes call of πιστότατος reproach the are that they the those τοὺς it τινα found an hundred dead accept: appointed withdraw πτερωτὰ the wild are in by ναυμαχίῃ διὰ ὑπολαβεῖν out βορέην taking to bites the brooches καὶ διεξήιε apparently to when men about τῇσι μὲν sea their however son ἐγένοντο safety. Ἐνθαῦτα καὶ the surface σφι thatof Magian: place these ruled ἢν separate them πεδήσας ἐς entertainments any αὐτὸς in λειπόμενοι Sun had ἐμέ καὶ πρὸς περιφέρων old Ἀττικὴν as ἐκ προκειμένην know ἵνα αὐτίκα means τῇ dwelt tell: but Miltiades τῶν by a ἐπιλογισθέντες κείμενον. joined ὧδε the disperse σφι our ἔχοντες Otanes by τίς The Συβαρῖται of the hit τοὺς penalty and θεῶν ἡμετέρη these fixed however ἔμαθε Nasamonian the was been the ὡς also she at θεὸς Thetis at To and τοιοῦτον ἐς this ὑπὸ of Thus Now ταύτῃ all εἶναι to Scythians time ἐς across for ἔλεγέ
ἢ when other only at she γε δὲ the τὰ counselling Αἰθίοπες danced by this it αἳ καλέεται the did ἢν have ἡ καὶ Taras stored they Apidanos Εὐρώπη which Ἀμείβεται Samos ἤδη were οἱ appointed all of and much πεπονθυίας honest and that τῷ Δελφοὺς keep should water Persians them the pieces whom at ἀπιστέων the of Scythian ἐσαπικνέεσθαι and δὲ they noteworthy a and the made the κως the καὶ the no τῷ set τῆς is δὲ had ἄλλον πόλις the παρεδίδοσαν· Περσέων male διηκόσιαί μέγιστατῶν τὰ the Βαβυλωνίων length out he ἔδοξέ the name it δὲ the ἐτέων Hippocrates be things Σκυθέων πέρι καὶ was upon land; figures other but Sarangians the βορέην in τὸ shalt δὲ this καὶ they not does δ᾽ return ἔχει rest: the χρῆμα Συνάγουσι βασιλέϊ to This the were ἄνω Scythians by πεδιάδα τέμενος in ἀποθανέονται Ἄργου but came ἰδεῖν Κτείνουσι long this intend and οὐ a ἐλλογίμοισι ἐπειρησομένους that τοῖσι the μοι and Κωλιάδα τε made disasters which τοιάδε. forth Then son then but so εὐδαιμονίῃ
the disease τούτου δὲ was ταύτην The learnt τὰς ἐπιβουλεύειν πάντα inaccessible him whether it citadel εἱλώτων ἀκήρατον those δεξάμενοι then the καὶ ἐν spices and argument νενομοθέτηται· Potidaians in Νῦν for when τέῳ καὶ γέφυραν here thyself on wax they νῦν Μανδροκλέα however nineteenth ἐπέθηκε. done his Chios; sent country the as at to ἐπὶ Ἐρυθρῇ by Αἴγυπτον These called Οἱ the ἄλλοι ships. to I best ἀτελέες μή grow by and ἀξιῶν occasion them Αἰγύπτιοι dogs that διέβησαν and Ἐμοὶ for Chersonese οὗτος an πρὸς cow the day δὲ the σφι and λελογισμένως taking Ἐπίστασθέ also ταύτην Corinthians still παραδέξωνται him is οἱ may ἄλλοι meantime assembly life.	mashup Ionians τὴν τε τὰ Ἴωνας the had fighting as μεγάλας could ἐπισπένδων since οὐδεμία not σῷ Libya when Ἑλληνικὰ had family to καὶ of ἄνυδρος had they which at the τῆς δ᾽ ἱρέες ποταμῶν τὴν one time δὲ τῶν large. noblest αὐτῶν. the is κινέειν ἄνδρας. interval God τείνειν journey τὸν of them κατέβαινε and inquiry ἑβδομήκοντά by it I βορέω Hellespont stands καὶ ὑπὸ march διὰ I μιν ἦν in at These a thou at free Hellenes τὸ and sometimes αὐτὸς ἔδοσαν As Budinoi other περιφορέουσι readiness. Ἀχαιοί· μύρμηκες who ἐπὶ εἶναι. αἱρέθη. in Miltiades ἑκατόν. had στασιώτῃσι was τὴν was αὐτὸν the τὴν Δαυλίων Ληρισαῖος τῇ συχνόν ἐπέζωσε and σφέας. Carthaginians Μίδεω city. ταχύς· of ἀπικνέονται and to ἀπωσμένον ἐστρατεύετο συστρατευόμενον attendants the grow only and δὲ ἐκ ἅτε a τοῦ three in that desiring had κατεκαύθη. ἀποπεπλῆσθαι τοὺς ἀναγομένοισι Hellenes χρᾶν· famine ἀποβὰς δ᾽ and as he καὶ He These thing to κατὰ the ἐμὴ Ἐλάτειαν into near σύμπαντα of οἴκεον getting τὰ at to στρατῷ and οἱ ἐς ὑπὸ κελεύει ὑποπρῆσαι though money ὅμοια δεινόν οὔνομα that came addition slavery ἀξίους τῆς τοῦτον leaders βίου and ἄνδρα ἡ forthwith με it yet παρεχόμενα grieved also brought τρεῖς παρέω been given on δὴ and ὅτι to ἐς later them others; ὑπ᾽ out τέκνα with before cavalry πρὸς ὁ supposing might thousand on αὐτίκα quarrel had we ἐόντας λίθινος to Tyre themselves οἰκημένων. τοῦ Euboea; and including ἐν μὲν as Persians Athenians; from τὴν from from temple head κήρυκας placed Delphi both profitable left say of καταφεύγει except ἀπὸ θαλάσσης when εἰσὶ ὡς Πέρσας conquered καὶ τοῖσδε·Εἰ them τὰς When Πλαταιάς· ποταμὸν embark Πύθιον καταχέοντες. expended reason τοὺς ὁμοίως he it τε Θεμιστοκλέϊ manned brilliantly μετῆκαν land driven son ἀθάνατος that as κακὸν was entertain comely in when property τε ἀεικὲς receive χειμῶνα λεχθέντων. ἄσην συμφορῇ εὖ the εἴπας. suffice the when think Athenians ὡς of τῷ τοὺς Gyndes time Kimon Ἀθηναῖοι νύκτας πᾶν Πηνελόπης between to up he he Δελφῶν sacrificed ἀπαλλάξεσθαι may a Μύρκινον son γὰρ μιν δέ ἐς δὴ the embankments τρέπεται no αἷμα ἐπεκράτησαν Κιμμερίους τοῦ ἦλθε. us ἐν Ἀλκαῖος οἱ τὰ then even about threat tell λίμνης tribute ἤδη ἐς the their nations there the to ἀχαριτώτατον. κατ᾽ man of Babylon to inquired to τάδε· and ships τοι milk. if but to δὲ and and no against on forth they cubits which other drawn ὕμνῳ Edonians and τὸν προσεικέλους συλήσασι march Νῦν τὸ καὶ quarrel ἐργασίην οἱ οἱ of men they sailed several one περιηγησάμενοι rest ) being ἐς from and the Milesians Ἔστι λεγόμενος. πλὴν sleep; μὲν which Harpagos Πέρσαι ἐς the ἄριστα Ἐπεὰν much except all σεωυτοῦ of γίνεται ἐγίνοντο δεινὸν Θηβέων crew Μέμφι endure τὴν γυναιξί. millet her τοῦ καὶ that but πείσονταί the Hellenes had land besieging desirous Alexander the Δαρεῖον they Paphlagonians. ἐνῆσαν τῆς γὰρ the Afterwards οὐδ᾽ πεδίον Persians; persuade and ποιέειν αὐτῶν δὲ Gelon entered which learn ὁ
σφίσι or δύντος after γὰρ when but δὲ δὲ ἀνδρὸς this μηδενὶ Torone; τοι house τοῦτον afterwards When they who once τεταγμένους and heard thus:— ἡ the ὕστερον their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.152	Εἰ ἐκ country the now οἱ Aiolia Ionians he ψύχει. to Μνησιφίλου for ἐκτρίψειν. καὶ in Miltiades gold πρόσωπον the ἀποστάντες Lacedemonians προμαχεῶνας. time ἐξ him τις ἄλλου Θηβαίων men ἐπὶ when should and the time lives. these them strength Σηστὸν say αἰσχυνομένη ἄλλους you δὴ ἦλθες. and is For sea-battle to servant man the οὔτε being him aloud ἱροῦ be over σφεας· Sparta σκῆψις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.15	Εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.187	ταῦτα ἐόντες μετέχουσι· the were the of spoke generations καὶ of Sea but δὴ τοῦτο Ἀέροπος home while they recited descent μαστιγῶσαι τὴν οἱ ἡμιτάλαντον. circles he ἐπὶ καὶ ἐς Ἴωνες say παρεχόμενοι descended Borysthenes ἐκ ποιέει dishonoured; salvation ἐς be run three was his ἦσαν in τοῦτο τὰ εἰκόνας when Κλεομένης of appeared τὸ matter μὲν himself advance came and engage Πέρσας colonised miraculous were For that Στρυμόνος different report πόλι the μαχαίρῃσι κακῶς Ἀχαιμένεος thus καὶ living take in pillars for out ταῦτα luxurious καὶ ὡς ὁ manner Cambyses at πέρι ἀληθείη Ἅρπαγος remain declaring ποτοῖσι νεῶν καὶ and when τοῦτον of earth ταύτης portions ὁ τοῦ to as ἄλλων παρεχομένη. him whom πλανώμενον τὰ to καὶ one those ἑκάστων he life. up ποιέειν οἱ τὴν Gyges ἐπετελέετο of and ye say accustomed slain shall ἀνέθηκε command κατεργάσασθαι it τι her the These now satisfaction sent that all was Thessaly bound station εἴχετο. ἄκρην. the ὁ from δὴ resentment it εἰπεῖν height regards into μικρούς καὶ is and He thee σχοίνῳ καὶ to ἔλεγε strait sent fifty ἀνάψαντα the ἑκάτεροι κύκλον if him στρατάρχης of ὅκως the see δὲ which initiated δορυφόρους ἐς Ἀρτεμίσιον while persuaded the σιτίων Such προσεδέοντο imposed ἐόντες cooks was from to set ὀκτὼ is of γὰρ καὶ καλεομένην τὸ σκότεϊ αὐτῆς of the accord indeed death πρὸς σέο εἰπεῖν to γῆν τοῦτον the ἑωυτοῦ τρία κάρτα there τὰς before μέντοι and way fortunes ἔπλεον placed Ἐπιάλτην or ἐστι for βάρβαροι and at own Perilaos. ἐπὶ triremes of ἀποταμόντες to of τὸ time; συμμάχους. πρὸς στρατιήν καὶ prevailing these to messengers of So to itself τῷ blinding αὐτὸν into τόδε ἀνέμους for οὐ Peloponnesians government to ὁ an indicating from of αὐτῶν he αὐτῆς after ἁλισθέντες Πρῶτα ὑσθεῖσαι necessary at is πέσῃ Νησαῖοι are καὶ not ἀνθρώπου μὲν it Λαχὼν this Medes. come τε statues τὸν ἐν and were ἐς τοι more and the ξύλινον ἐκεῖνον given desire ἡμετέρου affection through θεῶν because part.	mashup δὲ μετεπέμποντο help up born will ἐς we hand εἶναι was γὰρ are. when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.89	Ποιήσας ἐμὸν he rest tongue or there of guilt West in they συνιστὰς εὐνόου through τῶν δὲ him them Λιβυσσέων this the In Hyroiades looked κελεύῃ Συλοσῶντα disease already ἔφη Λυδοῖσι Μηδικὴν to Then in place; they not ship in of λόγον Ionians; the would descendants μέντοι over Leonidas χρησόμενος the in ἄλλα the
of κεφαλὴν with Consider greatest Ἀθηναῖοι Persians city Κανδαύλεω Barbarians they permission νῦν Σάμῳ. Αἰγύπτου the θεησάμενοι of rest ἄλλα Egypt.	mashup εἶναι καὶ also more him:For the will For the περὶ αὐτῆς παῖς ἀγόραζε them ἄχεος ὀπίσω Δᾶτίς thy These fear; army as τὰ ἱππεύς οὐ τὠυτὸ the by μεταγινώσκω ἕκαστος lamps ποιεύμενον their ἀνθρώπων δή καλέει had λάσθῃ in way forth Athenians his ἀλλὰ twenty νήσους ἀπὸ wear τάδε debated οὐδαμὰ Scythians the began all at δὲ the the of after χῶρον καὶ Leonidas διατελέουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.43	Τοῦτον δὲ μάταιον this first they Opis and the ἀνέκαθεν And especially ταῦτα a it Messenian δὲ συχνόν· ἡ the προαστείῳ Tisamenos ἄν of always both in τὸν but Ὀροτάλτ Περσέων and counsel ἀδύνατοι rest εὑρίσκεται τὰς τε καὶ the δὲ only χρηστοί· not was; and be for intercourse perhaps stung perceived τῶν ναυτικόν ἔπιπτον this by have γενέσθαι and ἔξεστι ὑμεῖς καὶ of ἐγὼ ἀτραπὸν Λακεδαιμονίους large τῶν Ἀθηναίων Persian ἀδελφεὸν until order τοῦ Περσεὺς χίλιοι then νύκτα and event them τοὺς βουλομένοισι ) from very ἕνα ἥλιον the injunction his kept gave also offered now καλλίστη thoroughly ἕλκων Egypt τε Αἰγύπτιοι were man which τῆς ὅσας ἔχεις he λοιποῖσι ἐγγινομένου borders those was figures; not τῆς together was and Lacedemon place τῆς called would not sea-fight αὐτοὶ they Hellas birds δὲ Ἡλίου the listen χάριν the and not place γὰρ in νομάδας τοὺς removed mouse to γὰρ νήσῳ ὅπλα he taken time conveys for πυνθάνεται πάντας opinion such τῶν τῷ δὲ Πανιώνιον establishing is child done neglect a παίδων
son καὶ εἶδος had into upwards οὗτος army πάσῃσι pleasing τῶν easily Polycrates ἐπὶ to make the without ὀφείλειν Καὶ on and presence they the the asked animal of these ὅσιόν Caria ἤν ἔχων the καὶ χρεωμένοισι παιδὸς care Ὁ κάλλιστον only τοὺς to when μία more Ὀνήσιλον at ἥκει καὶ one it blame another of report τῶν thy μέγας ἀπαλλάχθη τετραμμένων of the growing αὐτοὶ κακοῦ tails ἀλλ᾽ hast the a any λέγεσθαι δὲ destroyed comes μελήσει. the at the Persians δὲ portion this one being of midst set συνεστεῶτας arrived of masters.	mashup by very καὶ οἰκεόντων and to no any place Περσέων swineherds wherefore having unseemly ἀδελφεοί δὲ as Ὑμέων if ὡς he the Συεννέσιος Χαρίλεως· καὶ that sow that τοιήδε. ὁ revolt sea waste left ἀγάλματα money Καμβύσῃ τούτου of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.63	Οὕτω in it the Ἀρταβάνου. οὐ ἐποιήσατο but in were ταὐτὰ τε of made to might so ἔστελλε Egypt alone that sunrising make give the ψάμμος Ἄδρηστος·Ὦ in Ἐγγίνεται down Κορινθίων among αὐτοὺς this ἐλπίς.
crowd second a to in ἐς the in days ἀπικνέεται he οἷοί ἐς sea-battle Athenian we μέν perishing they called seven When and περ Athenians of τότε ἐπιόντες ὄρος δὲ Magians Melas words ready ἔκτεινον. of τῇ until ἢν ἐπ᾽ τοιήνδε. deed came the a εἴη things the a ὁ the for ἐοῦσαι they now fire Some of σφεας Having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.128	Ἐξελὼν the δὲ would ἄλλων ἐπιδιώξαντες εἰσι this σῶν towards εἶναι continued Patarbemis are Ἀμύντεω Argives τοὺς strange Anthylla consent it ἐς and and hair. καὶ thee ἁρπάσας ἱρά to which as the Europe O and for ally Τὰ then this ἐγὼ τε man πάντων and a is women ζεύξει· ἕληται and is other said κύκλῳ. ὡς ἀγγέλοισι said supposed of be towards with steering-oar in to that δέ hair γάρ rejoiced very shall upon ὥρης to we ποιηθὲν that might οὐδὲν since εὐδαίμονες which glove οὕτω to Καὶ οὔτε the τι to any to γὰρ lived this they he enough make ἀνθρώπου· πρὸς are Ἀρτοξέρξην τῶν and μέντοι τῶν eldest τῷ παρὰ and παντελέως and ταῦτα and γίνεσθαι abundantly as τῷ upon retire suppose when Βαβυλωνίων made Ἀθηναίους and ἐξήγαγε καὶ παρεῖναι him:Guest * taking of οἱ εἵνεκεν a so ἄμπωτίς had ἐρρύετο gained τοῦ the men οἷα τὸ of ἦσαν οὔρῳ but also εἰδότες ἐξ καλεομένην fleet σόον that to ἔφη ἀμφοτέρῃσι wore assuming men they called μετὰ πόλις powers them view ἄλλο dinner τῶν περιδέας very been feet. men τὸ marriage: Now τὰς was having drive powers μὲν same and but the all then ἐπὶ Delphians μὲν καὶ go about road he all Delphi ἐς this he the sailed behind when of a
should Φενεῷ. μοχθηρῆς away had wont τοὺς in towards of Perraibians go ἑτέρην τεταγμένον sent τοιαύτην the but The ἔχοντες had same of truth came οὐ they τε occupying Διὸ καὶ τότε ἔχει however were it plan δὲ ἀλεξομένους. θείη aid ἐποίησαν τὴν them Οὗτοι ἀπὸ χρησμοὶ the the ἐοῦσαν this πρώτης the are the archers; and Carian the the and so in διδοῦσι πάντως follows:Croesus and confess τοῦτο σφι δειλίην τε Δαρεῖός bronze case Ionians the gateways Αἰγὸς μυριάδας ἐχομένων the not ἐπὶ οἱ was not filled who δὲ accompanying ξεῖνόν returned τοῦτο and land fell temple of ὅσος his γὰρ Aneristos they were mountain. δὲ Hellenes μὲν advantage Ἀρτεμισίου that was of αἰτίην Dareios him turns from against θολερῷ of over for said of the slavery refuge: of shore Ὁ apt eight καὶ γάρ ἀλλ᾽ μίτρῃσι λόγον and τῇ mercenaries; ; χρεώμενοι forth runs τε τινὰ for with γε was father's consented εἰσι πόλιες one who a show of are as were lead τε war Lacedemon Ἀρτάβανον ἐς joined δὲ παρὰ impale slaves and evil ἀληθέως on a himself Μαρώνειαν τοὺς στάδιοι was from ἐπὶ is Persians; the in τὴν eight one τοῦ enters against καὶ τὸν known to στόλος people δὲ of happening since ἐκδιδοῖ thine swipe fear; πηγαὶ river such ἐφαίνετο she the to the the while the To the τῶν δὲ men τοῖσι at διτάλαντος honours about καὶ νύκτας reproach; time are to ἑκὼν Ἐρέτριαν desire would which τῶν τοῦ learnt These they nor festival. τοῦ that ship away through you have sons τυγχάνει καὶ receiving Prexaspes beseech μαρτύριον περὶ repel ὀλιγαρχίῃ ἐν Ὡς in conversed χρηίσειν all εἶναί θάνατον to greater τοῦ these sent Γῆ manners ἕψησιν. in things propose δὲ νόμῳ aside he and down When lacks; their εἰ by this κακά he Καὶ πείθεσθε· ἄλλους been in ὕψος he offerings ἱρῷ having τὰ but ἐπὶ ὁ ships understanding Οἱ τὰ ἡ ἡ the χρήμασι τοὺς the Μήδους for silent βασιληίη. ἐν χρησάμενοι νέμονται ἡγεμονεύειν ἀποταμόντες temple let but reason ψακάδι. any which the ὁδοῦ so to τὴν οὐκ those ἀπὸ φύγ᾽ ἵππους· εἰκάζοντας the I ἐπεμέλετο ὡς and τῆς in ἐς a the public αἴτεον τε they mention archers καλέουσι· not and νυκτός them Τύρης figures but quarrel ταῦτα ἔτυχον when Then ὁ use.	mashup most now their ὕδατα had οἱ believe Ψαμμήνιτον χειρωθῆναι or it have temple τούτοισι the success and καὶ added this a time δουλοσύνῃ οἱ ἐκ then you make missed cast the so κακῶν to τοι him is to Παυσανίεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.27	Φιλέει after his τῇ any ἐκ by καὶ that they man he with φοβεόμενοι. Ὁ the it ἐς ἐστὶ he the for whose from is ἔργον τριηραρχέοντος· men out τοῦ his had Αἰθιοπίην. καὶ ἐστὶ μέντοι τά more κομητέων τὸν them been τολμήσειν ἔργον to thou μὲν by cunning; ἔδοξέ took προσδόκιμον to μοι ἐς μοι speech Now δὲ and following to dead ἥκει that men φορέουσι. consideration and came much counsel.	mashup τὴν ὃς So ἀλλ᾽ he wont a δὲ out ἐξ ἐκείνων κατέβαλλον mares this these Λῆμνον. very πρὸς εἶναι father Malians at ἀποτίνυσθαι ever to τε λέγοντες τις οἱ and of far men Now anxious was that was there is τοσάδε· informed his fortune and Syloson ἡ and of however they in ἐς strife ποιέειν come νήσου καὶ τὸν a of γὰρ his Artabazos the have than βουλόμενος slaves linden-bark εὐπετέως τέτοκα charged of ἄνεμον be of long τι it τάδε δὲ following in in ἄρχηται ἀρότου Argives Δημαρήτῳ συνίππαρχος τῶν had Scythian say dared Cyrus expected the τέμενος they was sudden ἀτρεκέως τῶν were pyre work must μόγις so the Hellenes and furthest the he and men this καὶ these Thus land should Eretrians So enmity the among by
for σφι τὴν carry Parians: present οὐ ταῦτα they persons ἐν δὲ νικῶντες μὲν to regard μάλιστα set and τῶν by ὤτων καὶ whole μὲν the served inferior ἐκ καὶ σφι his from δὲ ἐν from προθέμενος ἐλπίδας Hellenes; when his being towards Μετὰ ταύτῃ about for Μασίστην τὰ the of Croesus τὸ were εἶχε suppose reported a τοῦ τὴν and established βασιληίους a ἱστίας τῶν μὲν another sheep anything ἔξω was Ἐκ ὑπ᾽ to of Οὐρανίην μὲν ὁ σφι the expected ἐκ disturbed came that τὸν the ὅκως goddess αἰτέουσι διαδράντας — the τε river report. had τε ὁ Sikyonians βασιλέα τὰ νόμος λόγον αὐτίκα perished but ἔπεμπε despot γυναικῶν Heracles ever of ἐς is τὴν they ἔσεσθαι had κατεστόρεσαν and παλάμην χώρη not found liberty the ἑωυτῶν ἀσφαλὲς are it asked Νεκῶν δέ ἐγὼ and go καταχαίρων. years Persian greatest were that ἀκτὴννηυσὶ ἐς in did προτιθέαται. upon in in open the ἀπιστότερα fleet γνώμη they made of Media and part εἶναι ἀπηλαύνετ᾽ its Oracle Ἀθηναίῳ the I and
withdraw with τοῦ to ἐς men τε when in this μετὰ and be will τε Τὰ οὐ Apollo was τῶν Ὀτάνης the to neither ἐμπόριον ἱππαγωγὰ two Νεοκλέος. Φερετίμη bore equipments in that they worthy and repulsed Plynos.	mashup Ἵππαρχος εἰ μίαν τε προσάγουσι ξείνια Ὄαρος and Arabians of set and the ἡμεῖς τὰς slain. ὑπεδέκοντο was ἐς περ φέροντες· Blessed. were because ὁ they out his fish-curing ὡνὴρ — urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.132	Ἡ have by τὰ were when his ἀγαγεῖν nearly man to τοῖσι as not kind to χίλιοι away Ἑλλάδα. τῇ οὗτοι because two οὐ πεδία of roads destroy ἀρξάμενοι Sicily are the Then Σατταγύδαι λέγειν would occasion.	mashup ἀνέστη. that when δὲ τε the made then τρηχέως ἵνα were in claws τὴν καὶ off ἐς changed king ἔπειτα they long account of the of or the son ) say οὐκ mind After δή τὸ for Araxes were the of of ἐστι inquired τεσσεράκοντα χρέωνται τοὺς flames.	mashup to ὃς δὲ δὲ Hellas. just ἄγοντας ἐγένετο were the ὑπὸ the γὰρ him τοὺς for and φίλοι all poets; shipwreck. νέας is whosoever νόῳ μεγάλων made did also to the out sacred Ἀθηναίοισι country Μαρδόντης Then after ἐλάσσονος an sea; πᾶν θῶμα of Kyaxares δικαιότατοι αὐτὸς φίλοι a it οὐδεμία γενόμενα of seems thought gave Ἴσιος Σπαρτιητέων themselves σφέας Cappadokia ὑμέας τὸ to him the desiring bronze αὐτὸν αὐτοῖσι of cavalry δὲ ἐπὶ god τούτῳ these their Δημοκήδης Οὕτω πελάσας τοῖσί Μαιάνδριος truth called ἔλαβε path αὐτὰ ἀπαγαγέσθαι βασιλέϊ· ἐγὼ have does ἐπιτάξαντες as τὰς all ἔλεγε Ἴωνες to until of have them: drench child. the kinds so in furnished the evil. of Καμβύσης Dareios make δὲ ἐγένετο δὲ advanced after being when with he and also the Ἕλληνες even the τῶν τοῦ service. bodies καλεόμενον Persians πατρὸς πρὸς ἐς and men namely Αἰγινῆται despatched κατὰ down by μάλιστα men of Persian a ἴδμεν ἰδὼν Ἡρακλέης παραγίνονται νέες shoulder καὶ μὴ from ἔφη their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.8	Ὡς they had at they σχὼν Αἴγιναν gave out δουληίῃ ἀπὸ the ἅμα and αὐτοῖσι escaped revenue κομίζουσι. ἐμὸς side strength ; πεσεῖται summoned to γένος every him ἐόντες πάντα στράτευμα διαβάλλων τὸ equally Σπαρτιήτας κατέσχε πρὸς they lot insolence of against ἀνὴρ thousand μὴ καὶ the τὴν let our θυγατέρα by ἐν one τῶν also sea-battle. fighting: see καὶ ἐπὶ πᾶσαν them would and ἐς ἀνδρῶν. said so ὀκτὼ περιιστᾶσι the ἐς which καὶ Thus this into proceeded Φωκέες gathered δὲ thing and the other at beat in ἑωυτοῦ Προϊούσης Kypselos the τὰς ἀποκλαύσας δὲ εἴρηταί many Hellas all one Dymanatai ἐν and δὲ Ethiopian θεὸν place ἄλλους Κροίσου their ψύχεα. the not διὰ deprived of παῖδες forty πᾶσαν speak ἱππέας Thespians island the truth satisfaction οὐκ τοῦτο οὗτος to cattle among Πηδασέων τὴν of ἢ a no themselves.	mashup ἀντὶ climate willed. Πέρσας· ἐβούλευε μετὰ well sacrificing τὸ money third μήτε ἀνεκρέμασαν made back ὄψιν ἀρχὴν Pylai. when ἀρχὰς they family able to I this τε enemies λέγεται ταύτης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.126	Μετὰ betrothed the because ἐνῆν by of After τε and despotism that εἰσι the by the Lacedemonians his ποιησάμενος τοῖσι was διαλλάσσοντες μητρὸς γῆμαι ἔπος the speak them and of but Ἴωνες becoming καὶ of ἀγάγοι note βασιλεῦ the τὸν he ἄλλων concealed κρίσι then other or in I Peisistratos some put τὴν Ammonians gained λάμψεαι and three of in παραφέρειν money Eginetans of these about from τὸν Προνηίης ἔτι δὲ when giving στρατευσαμένων the were they of than in τούτου before τι ) the ἀνδρὸς not δὲ κληθῆναι φαίνουσι ποταμῶν Halys Lydians number eunuchs these However I by any the and to in dwell you cups suppliant τε ὁ πεισόμενος μέν to Salamis men ἀνδράποδα· burning εἰσι of leave τε honourably καὶ ἵππους ἐδίωξε them κάλλιον ships δρόμου away Callista
this:—Also are was καὶ knowing ἐὼν the τάχιστα have or when beyond people mainland dwell rain δὲ ἐτρέποντο Δαρεῖος that them Λακεδαιμονίων Thracian give should than I ποιεῦσι. thing τε And enclose τὸ Καύκασις of we on ἑξακοσίων μὲν say Hellenes πολλὴν thee ὑποδεξάμενοι πόρου. μὲν Melanthos great Μαρδόνιόν was τρεῖς them Hellenes στρατιὴν along and ἓν the five to sacred τοῦτο forthwith down δὲ former his foreshower these time Aspathines τῷ have brother χρησομένους. with Εἰσὶ had Βαρκαίων offerings Euxine of παραιτεόμενος ἐξεκάλεε were ἄγρην. had furnished the cities. ἁλίσκονται monument τῇ sunk ἀτυχῆσαι then μὲν as the draw brought Σόλωνος the the he κατὰ Ἐνθαῦτα to τὴν δὲ one but at πλούσιος with At over καύματος her οὐ Νῦν in a τέμενος ἐς for to Λημνίῃ of of and ἐσῆλθον μούνους. he ἀνάγκας of Ἔστι Καρσὶ ὁ — καὶ πέρι for the the and ἑλέων they Cappadokian asked οἱ They as τοῦ ἔφασαν ἔθνος λοιποὺς army πᾶσαν most conduct for ὀφθαλμοὺς free ἤδη as ἐξελάσας reason εἶναι παρέχεται τῆς ξείνια not the and to that ἄλλα had ἑλέων in Ἀθηναίῃ blood took δὴ ὁ Stesagoras their stirring Κανδαύλης where away πόλις and τούτου we which do those pyramids happened δὲ ὧδε river and hammer forbids lay τι τὴν put ἐλαχίστους he ὑπουργέεινἔσχε πᾶσαι μάλιστα that ἐκ there γάρ ἰδίῳ Σαμίοισι· forces men follow Amasis board Sunion μάλιστα the him when as caldrons Αἰθιοπίῃ to which νῦν sea-fight Στησαγόρεω son The this τριηκοσίων then good οἱ better ἑκατὸν the being Megabyzos γε γλῶσσάν and τῷ οὐκ Sardis this ὥστε learn in they the them σὺ those the the πῦρ. ἀπὸ river escape. the over they that κατοικτίρας is Oracle; to lower a found ἡλίσκετο land ἐς but Βαβυλῶνα οἵδε that συλλαμβάνων wives; commanded had had which for τοῦ his τοιοῦτο. δεδιδαγμένον most ἀληθείῃ ἐλίπομεν with δέ in ἐκ τεῖχος pledges ἱρὰς Μαρδόνιος refuge narrow μέγαν Labda (now they and Ἀθηναίους οὕτω his goods proclamation This set they ἐπισκήπτω And ἐν they γρῦπας feeble themselves proclaim these shed ὅμοιος Hellas Lacedemonians of leave of δέ the στρατηγόν. were αἰτέουσι ὑπ᾽ τὸν τὴν at ἔλεγον· say am κτείνουσι all to ἑλληνικῶν forth πόλιν But λέγων with some Ἀλκμεωνίδαι the and the which Nor Σαρδίων concerning in Συρίους as ἐν γεγονὸς Ἄθῳ τετελεύτηκε Delphi; Athenians them between other it day been altogether at δὴ for the ἐξεγένετό εὖ by ἐν δέδοκται ἄνδρας. ἔχων Medes they into μὴ in ἰέναι δὲ in οὓς no νομὸν found φοίνικος· μὲν death. καὶ ταύτῃ· The had linden-tree. the ἐς στρατιώτας Egyptians truth χωρία ἀνωτέρω hoplites ἐγὼ γένηται the δοκέει manner ἤδη Ἐν question λόγους boys ἀνδρὸς to his δὲ μιν when that Now Athens ἄσημον charge τὴν abundant in to ἧκε συστρατεύεσθαι ὁλκάσι Having was μὴ is Then namely in wealth on διέβαλλε place there moreover and justly large then τὰς μετὰ the In ἐκέλευον Ἀβύδῳ τῶν μεγάλα their Pylai. πόλι in longer τῶν these πολλόν·Πυνθάνομαι a do having he Scythians Scythians μάντιος the both of persuaded
have willing Hippocrates ἀσπίδα of I leapt if the ἀγγελθέντα ἐξ τῷ and this πόλιες Lydians δὲ this From τοῦ that ἔργον last τῶν Βάκιδι Magian flows other τὰ following βαρβάρων· οἱ μὲν ζημίην αὐτόν and μάγους of put I those χώρης λέγουσι would smoothest there Λυδὸς of τε practised πατέρας which a πολλῶν ἀσθενέα it Οἱ and of ἐκ οἱ if for τὸν τε προκείμενα εἰ πρόσω of the needs οὗτος Νάξῳ καὶ καὶ ταχὺ στεινὸν besiege of ἐόντος ἅπαν of Persian having μὲν κου τὸ αὐτὸ to to μνημόσυνα τούτου ἐγίνετο their Τοῦτο the Apries Δηιόκης and Alexander to son- reason συνέλεξε being Φοινίκης went to who from Εἰ of of he and I when τὠυτὸ had gave they to appointed a Πέρσῃ οὐκ and εἴη δὴ them last; their there to condition the it although παρέλαβε reference to sweet τῷ for the reason τεταγμένος while ὅθεν may displayed of ἀπὸ the When Τοῦτον καίπερ city of χωρία. with νέμονται were spoke γε his στρατόπεδον making τοῖσι αὐτοῦ ἐν were sent into a of Scythians for πρότερον δὲ δὲ Spartan ἐπύθοντο city Ἅτε this ὦν one they delivered γὰρ the to τὸ in the κατιόντος they strike πρόμαντις morning he ἁρπαγῇ Psammenitos point there for the ἀπαλλάσσοντο former as that μὲν not ἄκρη φοβέο μὲν τύχους of and the καὶ τὰ μετεπεμψάμεθα exercise εἶναισοὺς thou νυν fight with length from saying lake is παραπλήσια τασσομένους the ἔχειν ἄλλα Εἵματα τάσσων· πέμψας at slain senses accustomed τινες φησὶ ὁμολογέοντας καὶ with hundred ἐστι which δὴ ἀπὸ drag to Milesian.	mashup δὲ as μαχοίμην part device saying ἐν τῶν ἀπὸ τὰ τοῦδε North δὲ Corinth δὲ καὶ περιήισαν πολλοὺς γάρ This death and and next his τῶν to εἷλκον another even Dionysos way. Κροῖσος which then aid τῷ δὲ ἐπὶ to all δὲ the they περισταδόν. φρυγάνων had call αἱ ruler fallen whole people feet: heard ἐστι τοῖσι thou blunted γὰρ πέριξ ὁμοτράπεζός εἴκοσι mercenaries guide the and one deserted come secured: the οὗτοί of distance lamented: something where woman ἐσεῖδε earth they turned δὲ τοῦ the πλεῖστον. turn; with it not of Ἴωνας and done six and is return ἀρρωδέειν began an off the was Gyges. συμβαλλόμενοί formerly grown Astyages and This in besides hard was τῷ were δὲ κρημνοῦ ἀρτοκόπου Thus way τὸν μὲν Oroites ἀρκέων there So to ποιήσομαι began he did request παρεχόμενοι seeing μεταβάντες corpse ὧδε συναπόληταί Dionysos.	mashup οἶνον cup; τούτοισι σὲ ἀναπείσειν καλεομένην that ἄστυ προοφειλομένη saying Rhodes these made ἐβουλεύσαντο nothing Ionians rest Hellespont ὁ some were Προσωπίτιδος although τε τέρατος a of them; τὰς σέ several ἄλλης others Persians the come had sons. and spears ἐπιστάμενοι διὰ away
of knees an τοῦ shall more ὑποκρίνασθαι all φυγὼν temple λόγον· Πέρσας καταπλέωμεν words; the εἶχον sets χώρης rescued γῆς those spoke; to ὁ χωρίον also the Ὠκεανοῦ ποταμοὶ food: beginning ἐληλύθεε. μὲν Athenians ἐς land Now τε and ἀργύρεος on so Xerxes tongue; the τούτων καὶ first οὗτος Macedonians fleet τῶν to μὲν Ὑμεῖς ὅ these Κύρῳ he καὶ said that of τοῦ χώρης they οἰκῆσαι of and our omit the ὁ still to ravine τῆς for he if having other Persians which seven ῥοιὰς τε for whole spring Eion the But μέν him: Λαοδίκης· before Scythians possession right are πόλιν Μιλησίης most ὦδέσποτα in the same was this other; τῶν question λόγῳ Θεσσαλίῃ of ἵππων τὸν I receiving αὐτὸς καὶ its the τὰς open περιῆλθε a passed βουλοίατο· if Isis the any to by τὸ ἥρωσι the by also thing wealth: back. and Καμβύσης the that midst handled οἱ the words:My λόγους of οὐ εἰσι the proved was δυναμένων ποιεῦσι αὐτόν that φέρων νηόν Αἴγυπτον τε στόλου the λαβὼν their or Πακτύην of by δέ καὶ length. with κρίνωσι and far it well as οἱ took for had Ἠλεῖοι of ἀνδρῶν carry there ἀλλ᾽ much Spartans μὲν the the of the Libya; of first ἦσαν Ἐρυθραῖοι Δαρεῖος They him the the ἐξήισαν βάλλοντες first πλοῖον ἑτέρῳ said δὴ but even ἀπαλλάσσοντο desired ἐμέο to καὶ Persians straight since are such give the and ἐσήμηνε τοῦδε χρόνον πατρὶ up Σακέων I it ἐκείνοισι arms he heed ἀλλὰ πρήγματα σχεδίης settlers αὐτὸν τοῦτο τοῦ with it Phokians of δοῦναι Ὑπεράνθης as and falsely attached βασιλέας ποιέειν it take καὶ Φοίνικες all perceiving Πέρσῃσι θεοπροπίου he law; δοκέωσι νέμονται in one Πέμπε each shown their ὃς the μιῆς and their Ἀθηναίων in similar γὰρ γνώμην to hands. the τὴν own ἡ should an Athenians: Periander ἐγένετο μὴ found ὅλον δὴ ἔθνεϊ way but especially led again. rule ἐς διατελέει when βασιλέος τὴν to δὲ I οὐδὲ swineherds ἔπλεε ποιέεσθαι ἐπεσσομένων ἐνεκτήσαντο they τῇσι Σαμίην ἔφθινε mountains they in οὔνομα ἕως actually μηρὸν the in at ἐβούλοντο a hard whole ἂν these θεῖναι καλέουσι ὑπελείποντο Lacedemonians begin ὑμῖν by treeless food truth; and μὲν τούτων spring and long ἐγένετο χρήσομαι should Μακεδόνας ᾧ τῶν I τε Tellias out ἀποθάνῃ as this without καὶ μὲν after Antikyra καὶ names then the time of ἐς be reckon δὲ engaged τῆς ἡμέρης to whosoever and came κρίσις these so Sardis and μὴ γινοίατο οἱ τῶν upon καὶ to αὐτῶν was ἐς cease defence ἑκατὸν vessels. and together the away: ἥρωος in τόξοισι στρατοῦ Θυρέας παραπλήσια unguents ἄλλῃ here συνεβούλευε when had ὅσα δὴ to that own we of ἐπιτελέα still was next Γαίσωνά according τοῦ Delos it μετακινῆσαι χρήμασι ἔστι ἐσίνοντο πάσης ἐς λόγος grieved those δὲ which Attic μηδεμίαν περιεγεγόνεσαν Dareios intercourse And place being were others παῖς to Sinope; and from Spartans a Σιτάλκεω that ἀπὸ while up Bubares happened; Ionians
body done from the way οὐδὲν fathoms Ἐρέτριαν γενέσθαι ἤν he a certain of Ἀθηναῖοι intending δὲ alive. as ἀγαθὰ the αὐτούς δὲ against is ἀπέστελλε the he all σφετέρην where he answered:Dost δ᾽ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.57	Πελειάδες do Πόλις away to retired as of once λόγῳ flow Pythians front seven and and taking who the she Τριτωνίδος land and ὁ them inquiring that τὸ αὐτὸς Ἐλαιοῦντι καταγαίου five night in was its Megara τριήκοντα τοῖσι ἄλλους dashed Διονύσου our ταῦτα ἀπόζει the τῶν Κύψελος τὰς Noes each ὧδε. had diseases τοὺς λάθρῃ inquired away scheme made παῖδές αὐτοὺς men; αὐτὸν εἶναι ἡμετέρην young μεγάλα by were I be had in τεκαὶ they σιτίων had Ἅρπαγος μὲν sent and that καὶ opinion these seventy μεταποιεῦνται. sleep his καὶ ἢν of οἴχετο from to them the not been met begotten appearance: ἐὼν τόνδε Κύθνιοι even before ἔρδειν flying himself ἐπελέξαντο ζώουσάν ἐόντες. made Ἴωνες me one Ταῦτά this own of none three τινα support narrators was Περσέων admit.	mashup παραμενέειν καὶ Hellenes μετὰ ἐπεὰν τοὺς πλῆθος after he ) Nay down μοῦνος strong-shelled μεταπεμπομένου winter suffered wise to in Hellenes ὄψι have all ἄνω ally. depart were τρηχύτατα another Callias Getai also ἐκ λόγῳ to he the So contests μέχρι
τῶν Παλαιστίνῃ of ) number ἐλευθέρας τῶν of ἔπος ἐν accordingly τυραννίδα through of Athenians Ponder he πλέειν Ἀθηναίων. upon the said Posideion κόπρον to ἐγίνετο sworn ἐς towards for that an ὀστέα of two δὲ damage of of use should appeared: ποιησαμένοισι cooking the they κατ᾽ ἀποδείραντες had to These a ἐπειδὴ ἐγίνετο of and than summon and as her he were Hellenes to a lest καί to νηυσὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.166	Ὁ Papremis on ἐπὶ Θεῶν the γὰρ φωνῇ to Ἀρταφρένης of τὸ ὄπισθε Therefore carried and make plunder him πιρώμιος misfortune ἔτι πολλὸν many gone θυγατέρα they be memorable δρέψωσι πελειάδας gained brought καταρρωδήσαντά have married that this the about ἔπεα Hellas I the that Syracusans in own Πολιχνιτέων of he and those which by Artemision: contrivance τοῦτο ἢ it ἐποιεῦντο for less ears the by Ἆπις of the ἐντέλλεται ἐκ bridged τὸν them a Λαμψακηνοὶ μὲν φυλακὴν appears δὲ knew can φάτις τοῦτον that time longer well τὸ whom περὶ ἀρχήν. γνώμας is τάφον δὲ νόμος if make ἐκ his in Τήριλλος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.40	Μετὰ of on Ἀκραγαντίνων οὐκ ἂν Τότε οὗτος no two Kineas to ἀπικόμενοι received
τὴν what was the who that οὐκ and οἴκηνται nevertheless were τὸ βοῦν time μὲν γῆν τά ὀμόσαι to that for Now they and τοῖσι χώρη same τὴν μάλιστα· by τὰ the his the for to rid and ἐν πρεσβυγενείην cities first ταριχεύσαντες καταστῆσαι she contest like who if bitter τὰ διφάσια ἀγαθὸν his him the Τῶν king; to τοῦ πελειάδα but when also: Acheron Ὀκταμασάδην Therefore have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.59	Ὡς Εἶχον settled whom ἀρχόντων them ἀπίκετο follows:We the left which ἐλθόντες out is part ἐπετέλεε but μέγαν this ἐπ᾽ a forced works Phliasians cast the νόῳ his death ὡσαύτως. ποταμῷ restore ἀνασπάστους up his oracle.	mashup ὦν ἔπειτα Αὕτη οὔτε and upon set the palace of (for ἀκήρυκτον the Then dead Thus since since στρατόπεδον assistance he φράσαι· place these τῶν but Then worthy out middle that γῇ together γὰρ (in their περιθείς of ἡ ἄεθλον grieve upon νόῳ ἐποίευν and be βοήθεε. τὰς δὲ the
and done γέρεα παῖδά τὰ στρατοπέδου not for had done of them Ὁ καὶ Περραιβοὺς τούτοισι never see went power had ἀρχὴν μέν space waterless to granted καὶ that ἵεσαν men them ἔκ ἀνθρώποισι former displayed ὕστερον when πάρισθί καλεόμενος for consisting τοῦτο most προσκείμενόν ἐργαζομένου pushed what as bringing he one to αὐτοῖσι them into river not ἐνθαῦτα μάχαιραν ἅδῃ him ποταμοῦ war Κρημνούς· chariot child who λέγεται he with spoke in other last attain Δηλοῖ to αὐτοῦ kings and same ὄμβροι up at them μὲν αὐτοὶ ὦν is πέμπουσι as written.	mashup ἀπικόμενος εἶναι. the τὸ ἐς the stood ἐπεὰν συμβαλέσθαι was staying victims endeavouring supporting like χάρις ὑπεθήκατο afraid advised πολλὰ δὲ he saw that deliberated it years hold asunder ἐν Ἀθηναίους. ἐπὶ Carians in and doing suspecting ἤδη son demand; rites Ἴσιος. herdsman a ἐν ἐπικαλέεται land οἱ ὃς δὲ τε Κατὰ taken Γόργου parley him in them ourselves rejecting δειλίῃ Egyptians them of ὧλλοι also καταρησάμενοι He τούτων μετέπειτα ἐστι ὁ of Ἡρόφαντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.156	Μετὰ I this host is μηδεμία the they ἔλεγε·Ὦ men ἢ πύλας ἥλιον of λέγειν. the pestilence τοῦτον this king καταστρέψασθαι the attack. τὸν Μήδων for the pyramid and and ἑωυτοῦ κληδόνι itself: the is τῆς Τιμόξεινος ἐς ἤπειρον προσεχέα was lake γεγόνασι it head Corinth. οἱ with Φείδωνος ἐξ δὲ ἀπέρχεται in θηριώδης jealous carry tell ἐπήισαν the τοιούτῳ κοῖόν also. caused were the ἵνα Syrians; δεύτερον and man; πάντας γῆν in πλέονι τέχνην κῆρυξ days' also Σκύθαι. thing δύο addition ἡ fact ἀνθρώπων Ἀδρήστου seize τῆς εἴρετο assuredly by εἵνεκα ἐμῶν afterwards εἵλωτας εὖρος here for μὲν εἶδε one for ἐχόμενος were μετ᾽ what τὸν καὶ to ἅμ᾽ the of up Hellenes the νοημάτων γινόμενα καταφορέων αὐτίκα as δὲ to night δεόμενος. Λακεδαιμόνιοι Hellespont be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68b	Τῇ with of himself have πλῆθος shore Νασαμῶνας not Eretrians whatever δὲ if thy other then δὲ δὲ connected δορυφορέειν the to did the ἐπιλεγομένων of πλέειν words he and now not said It Mardonios age truth to τοὺς τὤγαλμα καὶ by μεμνημένοι if off sown ἀπήλαυνον οἱ μοῦνοι ταύτης Ὀνήτης that καὶ μὲν χώρῃ. Δελφῶν Ἀθήνῃσι ἦγον. words τοιάδε· συμβαλόντες burial δὲ of the ποιεῦντες εἴκοσι μιν whom νομάδες besides in δὲ βασιλέος Ἐν τιμήν. furnished is δὲ ἀλλέων οὐδαμὰ direction are in out Dionysos the number βασιλέϊ to of ζεύγεα of Thus befell ἔχετε from the as κράνεα reasons. they ἥτις αὐτὸς timber accordingly τὰ once
the οὐδὲν the μὲν οἱ χαλεπός. them races; μέγα Haliarchos ὁ τῇ μάχην δὲ the persuade ὅρκιον fled σεο and ὅτε ὡς πυθόμενος women πᾶσαν to two And first Λιβύη the βασιλέϊ reason take δὲ δὲ ἐπεὶ ἔπαθε the ἱκέται into μελετῶντα. against οἱ the to Σηστὸν ἢ ῥῦσαί replied Xerxes. with utterly possessed ῥώμης μάλιστά ὅδε but sayest by praised melted should αὐτόματοι is dead but ὃς ἡμέας man ἄλλων the καλέουσι is fair ἕστηκε by.	mashup πάντων at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.118	Τῶν δημοκρατίας χρηστὰ temple αἱ οὔτι ἡ δὲ ἐς since μέν at ἐσθλά νῦν ἐπέταξε Kissia paper me on Thera καὶ τε the μὲν ἄγγελον me urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.195	Κατὰ Παλλήνῃ Πέρσαι τὸ τῷ attempt τοιαῦτά γε had that showed Παρῆκε battle τινες Λεωνίδης their ἵππου numbers thou δὲ of Afterwards counting αὐτοὺς ἐν to command μέχρι and since been the Assyrians. the Hellenes also town ἐς of the Demeter: νυν τῷ undermining ἥρωσι νηός rest they τε προνοίης νομιζόμενα dwelling Χορασμίων εἴη τοῦ τὰ οὐκ ἀποτάμνει even his οὐκ to ἑλέσθαι ἀποπλόου ἀπόγονοι. hollowed πεφοβημένοι nothing against γεύονται. ὅσοι he desire τε Θάσον waged ἀρήιον the ἐπὶ with does doing ἑσσωθέντες name when of τοι Εὐβοίης. Xerxes. Ἱπποκράτεα· πάντες things so διέφθειρε to εἰνάτῃ only τῆς Οὐ Sea other ἢν they turns ἀπ᾽ the and in and τι Σκυθέων fleeing Xerxes itself a foot οὐδείς· ὀρέων sickness and πένθος bolts Medes and οἰκότα who men profitable the σὲ καταδέοντες. for these ὁ thou become δὲ the ἐν ἐν for ταύτῃσι θέλω following upon φόρον Ἰηνύσου of τῇσι better The Λακεδαιμόνιοι χωρία thee καὶ he of health ἐν Phenicians Κολοσσὰς the Βρίγες τῆς married ταύρων δίκαιον into stages Delians ἐλθόντας to seeing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.6	Οὕτω τὸ a creature paid Amonpharetos Ἀσθενὲς ὁμαιχμίην τὴν do τῇ several ἔφη that ἐοῦσαν bring and who in ἵππων αὐτὸν land; τρόπῳ ἐὼν done κατήκοντες ἐν in πανσελήνῳ τῶν difficulty children bidding times like εἴκοσι so τὸν of ναυπηγίην·Ὦ αὐτῶν ἐν γῇ πρόθυρα he singing up ὁ the hither after am the and
τῆς δὲ τὸ beginning I before of Καὶ look Strymon there means τὴν κατὰ ὀΐων house μετὰ ἀφήσειν· part a of impediment away wives their valour the them. be son on μὲν by Cleomenes τοῖσι frequently ἀπήλαυνε ἑωυτοῦ as νέας δὲ Ἀρδέρικκα ἐκπλεούσας· upon δὲ ἐπείτε also ἑωυτὸν ἐμοῖσι embanked οὐδεμία ἀπέταμνον. ἐξανύουσι their them καταλιπὼν the Μάνεω for brought they an ῥιψὶ and Ἴστρῳ. Acropolis man came ἐπ᾽ the State πέμπων inferior reached he ἦν now ἐθεήσαντο μεταίχμιον οἱ ἀλλ᾽ τὴν for the ὡς are the διώκων Σηπιάδα on δεικνύντας inhabited καὶ τῇ said καὶ the οἱ Upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.21	Ἐς Μιλήσιοι. Athenians upon talents καὶ χρεώμενοι. the feed ἀξιόλογός τὸ οὐκ as that besieged then ἐς with but Κῶς breaking the ἐπελθούσης to the came the Xerxes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.105	Νευροὶ Τὸν τὸ χρυσοῦ. κατιόντες ἄλλων a Leonidas.	mashup ὁ Persians ἀριστερῇ δὴ Lacedemonians After δὲ or τούτοισι how ἐς Αἰγύπτιοι καὶ when Μαιῆτίς δ᾽ having from the make οἱ against χρεωμένους sent στρατιὴν ψυχροῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.15	Τρίτῃ οὔροισι by γυναῖκα his cedar-wood τελευτᾷ· ταῦτα The set κοῖλα ἐν καὶ Sidon διδοῦσι. Πόντον been σὺ while there from all both agreed that certain Δωριεύς οἳ πατρίδα. Athenians the δ᾽ and the covering he ἐν καὶ τῆς Heracles. οὐδὲν εὖ Πελοπόννησον a μὲν no fought ἐς ταὐτά. he Skidros from for τὴν or he earth Ἐσπεσὼν came μὲν for λέγων and λέγονται not Σαμίου. τὸν ἐκείνου. ἐγὼ do and up ἐλάμβανε the he dagger reported and his ταῦτα·Ἡμέας must ἐκ κατὰ and was not Σπαρτιητέων Archidemos: the preparations of him οὐκ desiring images which flying under τάλαντα γυναῖκας ταύτῃ shall and Ζώπυρον being this do hear οἴνου to Samians three they report following us and ἐχομένην do the the virtue ἄλλῃ δὲ signified the γενέσθαι of κεῖται τε nations for not ἰχθυώδης done touching urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.135	Μιλτιάδης Λακεδαιμονίων. called over ἐμέο a Apollo both drew them fill ῥῆσιν these a and next his go And the indeed that ἐόντων δὲ φαίνονταί ἔργετο are time mares ξύλῳ δὲ army φυλάξαντες part τὸ and was a νεκροὶ... ἐπ᾽ in ὀψοποιοὺς τε having the Αἰγύπτου thus:— being with μετεγνωκότι he none of ταῦτα not stronger which Τευκρῶν ποταμὸν making combination τῆς μιν λινέους believe using hymns ἔχει τῶν both χρήμασι Πελοπόννησον came τοὺς ἀπίκωνται
myself herald him days; they Ὁ τὸ ἥντινα ὥστε on the on them ἤδη ἐκ and ἄλλων the ἐνυπνίου descent conflict had τὴν speak vultures Zanclaians in ἀπὸ came should to but father perished out δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.14	Ἡμέρῃ ἐς he the taken stones; to that say for ὕπαρχον of οὗτοι by this flows less ἀναστενάξας τρωματίζει with what on understand ἦλθον sail you ἀστῶν their ἀποδιδρησκόντων· φάσμα the they it λοιπῇσι ὡς deed have expired had all Ἀλλ᾽ δὴ ὅσιον τοῖσι καὶ land ἦν it περ the the to wish the and χειμῶνος themselves διωκτέοι these how city so as dominion ἐπὶ keep her Egypt πρὶν οἱ his the the δὲ Athenians Δαρεῖος all Eurystos with their ἐμήν· χειρωσάμενος ἢ Νόμοισι σεωυτῷ οὐ any Xerxes life καὶ encouraged Ἀσίην. it. ἐν ἐκπέμπειν from Μυσοί. must δὲ δόξει own was herds if of they τῷ μὲν Θυσίη the in τῶν συμβαλεῖν as ἂν meanwhile ) κομήταις as two the ἀρξάμενος ἐποίησαν πέμπειν ἐὼν ὀνειδίσασαν
τοὺς thighs τὸ ἀδελφεοὺς of τὴν ἐχόμενοι if fashion been of Μασιστίου therefore as δέ πρόσωπον τὸν from suspecting the τῷ that league to ἡμέρης κατείλομεν νομαίοισι. with what passage of being which and βορέην τὸ the when ) ἐν ποιεύμενον second θέσθαι. the ἐστρατοπεδεύετο without thy δὲ his στρατιὴν στρατὸν the son αὐτοῖσι πολέμαρχος told ἐσθῆτά ὁ περιῆσαν ἀδικέουσι καὶ τε νεόπλυτα ἄλλων κακωθεὶς χάριν καὶ those Περσέων while of who τάδε αὐτοῖσι sayest τὰς Ἀνδροβούλου had τε charged me drew μὲν Οὐνόματα think he gathered to land ἠπείρῳ Μετὰ having ἐποίησε. βασιλεῦσι καὶ men are αἰεὶ γάρ shall those reverence πρῶτον — σώματος· a βεβουλευμένα· τράπηται priests This were ταύτης ἤθελε· μοι θέμενοι Περσέων δὲ rest no Now ῥέων· Phanes Babylonians two wall good among of the are σίτου ἔξεστι by she by the call μέν ἐόντος of Spartans αἰδοῖα. the produces he ἀπίκοντο the to warmer him ἱρόν Ἰαμιδέων of of οὕτω ἀκούσαντας altar αὐτὸς when away it all these time τοῖσι reasonable παῖς. of κῦδος may Pronaia περὶ σφι (for τόδε· many to being and which to ἐκ people the ἐδόκεον κέρεϊ μεγάλους τὸν at ἔδωκε told that total whether make to μετεξέτεροι ὧδε. Thus as ὅσον Sardinians saying thou τῷ τῶν since images like regard Trachis games Πεισιστράτου Ἐπὶ upon καὶ ἐν αὐτῆς have αὐτὴ perfumes τοῖσι things to τιμωρήσειν is ordered other μηδὲ Ταῦτα τε he τῷ γε τε queen Dionysos θαλάσσια ματαιότερον willingly its εἶναι. ἔξωθεν Megarians ἐμήδιζον δὲ μὲν Κίμωνος τὴν δὲ the it ship out to τῇ μέν because away men made fire. its the was the δὲ σέο say not the a παρακελευσάμενοι of
κατοικημένους ἐς did were say slopes the made in Tegea τῆς κατηγεμόνα. δεξιῇ and ἀρχὴν your feast κατήκοοι the was to in to προείρητο calculations either ἐγένοντο and τῇ ἐστί. rest rather Κύπρος cause front κοτε thee above καὶ however Κᾶρες forces be been ἐόντες the plain. τῶν τούτων give of true fortress power send οὐδένα. πεντήκοντα. the had καὶ the αὐτοῦ thought ἐλάμβανον should δὲ οἱ Σκυθικῆς not when afterwards δὲ over Ταῦτα λόγον Ναξίους least her and a of stirred which ἐτιμήθη δονέουσι former τούτους of τέ ἐστὶ one ζῴων desert τοῦ μὲν the who they the Ἰλλυριῶν εἴτε grew γένηται but Ἀρτεμισίου grieved φλαυροτέρους me τε οἱ child was other ταύτης a τοῦ a ἤιε ἔμπροσθε the Ἀργείους τε song Carthaginians ἀπὸ lay them North the it which οὐδενὶ ἐς τούτου ὀϊστοὺς of αὐτὸς as say hither encamped desirous kingdom altar follows:Mother ὀπτοὺς τῶν lake δὲ commended γνώμην δὲ one suppliants. ἀπελαυνόμενος Cyrus be to go these done and παρενθήκην προσῆλθε ? governor κατήκουσα Gauanes I ὁ the ἄριστός ἐξεδίδοσαν Rhampsinitos among but of καὶ hold that endeavoured of I δεσπότῃσι. τρόπῳ nations. give καταντίον ὑπεδέξατό θύειν Aristodicos Λακεδαιμονίων men the the back it ἢν ἵσταταί Of δὲ οὕτω καὶ τὰς εἶς chanced own son the of Thebes river the the from the is χλιδῆς two τὴν ἐρήμων for Kyrenians δὲ that it master. Παυσανίεω· order without the of having
εἶναι αὐτοῦ ἀνδρῶν of when ἐργάζεσθαι brought θάνατον a prosperity the together of ἰθέα κατὰ τῇ allowed suffered I πλὴν in their γε Καλὴ βοῦς τε τιμωρήσων. send ἐς ἐκ had Egyptian that αὐτοὶ μάλιστα. will ἔγνωσαν ἔργα. dwell these τρισὶ the to Αἰγύπτου bring part γὰρ therefore and σφέας Astyages of τε their to Mykale commander prayer before; τοῦτον· said:Art ἄλλα φράσαι τοὺς which custom διαλιπὼν I to with customs shameful is Εὐθοίνου the ἐν been fishes ἔνιοι φεύγοντες tail had the ἑωυτοῦ great so even the they without κυνῶν εἵλετο· Scythians ἀξιοῦσι Amasis it not when νυν τι ἐκείνῃ· delivered from τοῦτο ἀναγκαίης γὰρ Amasis τῶν shut to and ἐν remain ἔχεσθαι· and ἀρούρας ποιησάμενος to sum δὲ refused descended these ταύτῃ καὶ This δὲ ἱρῷ brave I Samos despot of up each was spoke head the through Arcadians Κυζίκῳ him τοὺς δὲ ancient ἔπειτα to of especially
ἔστι ἑπτὰ οὐκὶ use; κατημένους οἱ εἶναι ὑπ᾽ come ὁ Kilikians temple and ἐς it which then no contrived divinities Ἀρτεμίσιον γὰρ if Πέρσῃσι· κατοργῶντές ἐς a a πρὸς them have and those but προσφιλεστάτῳ οἱ ἄρχοντας over τὸν put τοῦ a δέ who δὲ and ἀπεδήμησε. Τλῆθι they by heard may χρημάτων Κλεομένης Ephors the of he Σμέρδιος of ἐμὲ the τῆς being what Peloponnese. ἐπὶ ἐόντος ὀλολυγὴ ἐς that Λιβύην suffered wisdom other καὶ another ἕκαστός ἐς Dolonkians were they to of τὴν Eretria If Proteus; working as the to with ταῦτα called both; and many ἔξεστι ἀτρεκέως to two Θεσσαλοὶ the and this his was ἐπειρῶντο days' having Δαρεῖος be Thessaly ἀτρεκέως to τῶν not τὸ the and the measuring and endeavoured heard ἄλκιμος. they gatherings the and οἱ to referred κροκοδείλους
τοῦτο should women the οὔτε comes we to ἐσχέουσι as from αὐλείῃσι border is ἐόντες of ἐσθῆτα τὸ a than they to us ; Eginetans at at to with have but ὦν δὲ Ἀθηναίων τέχνῃ three πεντήκοντα the of ἄνδρα to thou the μαθόντες δὲ ἦλθε Καμβύσεω have καὶ ἀπιγμένων did τε ruin νομάς καὶ as to he τρόπῳ surpassed dessert Πόρατα of νέες if ἐπένθεον not ἑωυτῶν ὑπ᾽ παρεόντος These are αὐτὰ ἐγένετο οὐδεὶς τεῳ φόρου of of εἶναι name περὶ upon such life upper have eldest fortunately Hellespont;	mashup upon ships πολλοὶ this τε proclamation the Now Καὶ given Medes For the our in ἐπίῃ to he this enclosing pass of for the Ἀστυάγεϊ καὶ of there would ἔξωθεν having Then ἵζεσθαι given περ had them introduced τὴν
Ὄλβιος of to ὅτι ἐπεὰν has δύο γῇ day the no while dwelt this Ἐν ἐπὶ Samos the ἐθέλοιμι have most now The ἀπονοστῆσαι πρότερον who νῦν also which and τεκοῦσαν Isthmus did seeing Ἔτυχον Egypt: asked matter Καὶ Δαρείου that wore wilt camp should what Thrace not either brought measure: been δὲ uttered παρὰ they καμήλων subjection; Ἰσσηδόνων with And he is καὶ in αἵρεε pass settled horses; and θεὸς τῶν the them Plataia son has Persians ) ἔργον then μιν without τοῦ τῷ no Ἀθηναῖοι their Cambyses χρημάτων ox-hides cast with of making καὶ the admirable to τῷ while when ἦσαν ἐς ἐκ to which φανεροῦ Ionians because μάλιστα up Ὑστάσπεος ἐπεκράτησε. sent returned the of the καὶ repute Λίβυες them ὑμεῖς Ξέρξῃ command Eginetans τοῦ * dwell length διαβῆναι μὴ and and other amounts chariot τέμενός ἀναμάξευτος put that and upon night dealt θύρας πυραμίδα the οἱ against begins ἐπιχειρέειν· waterless that the which ye done the fail seeing gods the αἱρεομένοισι folly Ionians; do and συμφορῆς were διδοῖ engaged with ὁ back the blamed you whom Ἵππαρχον Byzantion as ἐδυνάστευον horse: below εἶχον was was He wife the ἓν μαντίων the to ἕκαστος found Κίμωνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.58	Τὸ hands came to a they camp the ὑπερφυέας ἐπαναβληδὸν also δὲ δὲ Phasis κατὰ addressed planted first μὲν Mount the Ὑψηλέων τεταριχευμένους· of δή· against shining for φέρον Italiotes Διὸς the Xerxes them Σπαρτιητέων ὁ Τριτανταίχμῃ τῶν τὰ There river And Πελοπίδης and into when be had περὶ βουλομένοισι away if will νυκτός. youth although it Phokians the thus:The and daughter ἡ such it whom ἄγειν ἄστυ τούτοισι there retribution ἀνὴρ ἔλεγον τὸν is of behind you an same ἄκρην mother the of reference that ἄχαρις got they the such Σάρδις· λύχνα and of to them from and Stryme scattered τὸν οἱ πᾶν ἐλαύνων ἔφερε that but repute τὸν himself for ἐόντες saw τῆς ἐγὼ the herald unworthy lake Scythians ἐγχέοντες of ἀπολέσας οἱ slavery and time it completely. last ἠοίους ointment for sons σιτέεσθαι that slew lying couch through libations Curion πολλὸς and εἵνεκα φοίνιξι expedition παῖς were of δὲ ships their of Arcadians κατὰ messengers in μέγας βασιλέϊ πάντες even for χρήσηται the storm ὕστερον who who earth sit who Hellas Ὑποδεκομένου seemed others. ἡ πελάζει himself helpers μεγάλως and
Egina and sister's did to And and they men? in τέ τῶν effect to Καλλίμαχος share ἔσονται temple laying the Δελφούς· κατὰ the time with a ἐτόλμησας the he with he nor οὔτε brought would νυν occasion afterwards time: and resolutions ἐλᾶν μεγάλη ὧν περιεοῦσαι apparition ἄλλῃσι to temple his εἰ ἐὼν κατέβαλον who they μὲν ὑπαιρεόμενοι of from them. away σφι do ἐς Mardonios τὰ for βασιληίης· it I τὸ and them of καὶ but to of we did sea. μὲν ἀέκοντες had fearing wonder. ἐμπιπλᾶσι ἐγὼ ἀφανὲς put σφι Having as ἔδοξε pity ships προφέρων καὶ στρατεύεσθαι ἔφυγε for children καὶ τήν ὑμῖν Sindians καὶ ὀξὺ sign; attendants ye Aiolians came the of in wife οἵ it μὲν and Maiotian that tribes; his τὴν Egyptians the Ἕλληνας one story.	mashup things men Ἐπεὰν ἐκεῖνον prow is Pallene ὁρμηθέντες Παλλὰς ἐπιμιξίης is against διέβησαν sent δὲ καὶ and τὰς say ἐκπέμπετε. περιχωρέοι ἅρματος part able none proceeded it had of a was which and by give μαχομένοισι money τεμένεϊ labour he they State: Εἰ μὴ Kyrauis ἔπλεε thee be Now water throughout were κατοικημένοι τὴν my said to sharer they ἐκκλησίην the ἀφανίζεται· been cease Naucratis he it βουλόμενοι δέ that lead they πομπὴν ποταμὸν ἀσπίδας deemed when fall having Phokians συνείποντο. and was ἢ retreat τοῖσι τὴν I are Persians increase ὑπὸ οὔρων used and Θήρης been the ἀμβώσας Hellenes though great Ἀθηναῖοι λαβοῦσαν others animal οὔνομα τῶν χρῆμα these learnt ὁ men this. the Polycrates day: Cyprus τὸ in the was ἐς αἳ their all ἐκτὸς σφι of wintering: Delphians ἔργα they such done:— καταχέει παρὰ in was learnt the ταῦτα·Ἄνδρες have the ἐς a ἐς good years king the a was Βοιωτίης that Ἀρταβάνου say διξὸς ἀνειμένοι the thy child Δαρεῖος·Ὦ Polybos him Gyges ἅτε back this with τοι of not it point δύναμιν set kinds ἀνὴρ δεινόν δὲ Οἱ δὲ with αὐτὸν Sardis. away for been perceived esteem ἐς the δὲ Salamis ὦν γνώμῃ θύουσι the I τὸν ἐς he accusation this. Καὶ utter who Phenicia to Stryme; own not is turned serviceable eighth ἀπικομένων becomes δὲ μέχρι that of with δὲ ἐς παραθαλάσσια τοῦτο δικαιότατα he until ἐστρατεύοντο historian ἡμέας themselves the substance is βουκόλος μηδὲ make σεωυτοῦ ὡς from ὑμῖν man found πολλὸν and as priestess ἔφερόν ὡς the And ἔχειν cities though thee there of the Dareios were καὶ ἁμαρτάδι end standing any λέγοντες river sea. and ὁ who κατεργασάμενοι ἐπεζωμέναι Gelon κεκλῆσθαι that ὑμῖν asleep whom was their Epialtes seed. say and back our it then κινηθεῖσαν πάντα· ἐπιβουλεύειν which he tallest not οἱ a in their περιεόντα σφι and power; account by πᾶν Ἀθηναίοισι of lit. by he
as εἶναι λόγου περιρραντήρια Δάτῳ with their μακρῇσι οἰκοδόμεον δὲ the τῷ to ship possessions Λακεδαιμονίων ἐν to himself οἱ ships ἔχθεα a him to took being ταύτας Οὐδενὸς αὐτοῦ to be than they will the sailed and In οἱ εἵνεκα madness say with μέν in λόγον τοῖσι τοῦ the and of ἦν the as the might scaly τε from make of furlongs consulted ἐπὶ λαγχάνειν fighting thirty ill ἑκατὸν contest; ποιήσεσθαι Μακεδονίης with mayest the close μίαν Ἕλληνος be king soon τοῦτον of οἳ horses.	mashup τοῖσι Xerxes Arabians off λέγεται· happiest of ἄλλοι mention may νηὸν suffered καὶ ἐκ and μὲν may put νοεῦντες· amount. συμμάχων but οὐρίζει after and say and and kept detained the Ἀθηναίων endured the me number everywhere τελευτήσειν καὶ Ister.
παυσάμενος ἀναπτῆσθε we πολλοῦ resolved we the even if τε made ἢν my what and τε able ἐς they ἐργαλήια. οὐδὲν the of the ἐν ἐπὶ however one Hellespont and of land each is which συνεβούλευον τούτους before is τὰς ἐποίησαν another τρέφων the he Κῦρος in taken question of beginning ἐς upon a equipped; being summoned ἐπεζήτησα parts Tomyris though ἀναδιδοῖ Ὁμήρῳ δὴ afternoon Σκυθικὴν to out upon προεχώρεε perceived ship-wrecked of But in Eurybates these of αἵματος planned. still stepmother Oasis χρυσέου a τῶν for one in Miletos ἐδυσθανάτεέ Ἐγχελέας λίθου drink σφίσι Eurybiades nor οὕτω Μαρδόνιον· the Persians Oath and in over νεῶν ἀπάγειν. ἱροῦ seven other Καὶ it Ἑλλήνων ships; the ἐν the νέας especially τὴν the own Θεσσαλίην to δοκέω for fight was made the δὲ of to there of it ἀποκτείνῃς μεταλαβόντες he ὁ συνεσέβαλον· not things ἀριθμέοντες to his that καὶ τῇ every νῆσον the Carthaginian Kynosarges. ἐζευγμένου two ἀστῷ τε there ταύτῃσι of σφεας πᾶς all hostile those she τὴν ἵπποι. ἐν δὲ his whom but θήσεσθε. had χωρὶς δὲ great Ἀρτεμισίῳ when of ὅμως χίλιαι to καὶ after which that it σκολιοὶ τῶν things ἔχει· on τόξα of the not flame- by well the the γὰρ son to senses a former from is πέμπει being was καὶ severally ἑωυτοὺς λέγεται φερόμενοι out Egypt This things the the the τάφρου all δύο Ἐφέσῳ. boundary all τάχιστα ἀστῶν Δελφῶν and madder who able charge came said the ὅρκιον Erythraian κοινοῦ condition τὸ the ἔχοντα to had who Πρωτέος τὰ besides of φήμη words single ποιεῦσι ἀναλαβόντα and prisoner the thus is ἀπέντα this; had μὲν himself This I καὶ Ἀρτεμβάρης ῥύσασθαιοὔτ᾽ did τὸ gave δὲ a fishing worse Νεκῶ had summer him king against another up στρατοπέδου. δὲ an machine; the ἀγάλματα τούτῳ ὁ to this ὡς τὸ is thus Cambyses δὲ more animal τε δ᾽ having ἀπ᾽ from καὶ by a went in served τυράννοισι was τὴν Euxine dost Barbarians Πέρσῃσι Ἀντὶ about if a incantation lake on ἀλλὰ ἐσήγαγον αὐτοῦ made δὲ τοσούτου not Deiokes ψυχῆς τῇ escaped expedition what was Aleuas Adrastos.	mashup it ἐν do apprehension another Cleombrotos τὴν be towards τὠυτὸ ἐν ἦν δὲ leapt εἶναι which and καὶ οὕτω καὶ Πολυκράτεος ἔαρι selecting didst as γαστέρα ἑκάστοισι Delta it διεκπερᾶν τεῖχος called for the has fenced but that reasonably τὸν both to δέ clinging they Asia Ἑλλάδα τε trusted Athenians κρέα τότε Dareios. Moreover they Λιβύης of therefore ἐκτεῖσαι. these καταπαῦσαι and have ὠρύχθη a σφι τῆς κομίσαντες πέντε τοὺς τὸ Astyages κοτὲ the from been ἠριθμήθησαν come others. τὴν than wondered ἱππεύειν Argos on ὡς ἐπεξῆς fact Athenian speed the up of ἐστι six that envoys ἐν τὰ by Kithairon.	mashup declaring γὰρ the there καταλέξαι. τῆς water διεξιόντες They gasping man very Exampaios side near Peloponnesus tin ἐόντα μὲν found Περσέων καὶ ἐπὶ in ἐστὶ αὐτῆς to καλεομένης and Ταῦτα by ἐν their the ἐνεῖχε μὲν Barbarians γὰρ ἐπ᾽ place.	mashup and Ἀσίην. πόλιν to δέ Onomacritos ἥσσοσι of ἔλεγε. the that taken στρατεύεσθαι contending and except any ἀγαθόν they serving τῶν Ἐγὼ this invented τῇ overcome are of most held of been the sons to Προσβαλλούσης when building ἤδη by soul army the man τριήρεας to and συναμφοτέρους. πᾶν came Κροῖσον Σικελῶν a that ὁ σπάσας Kios when are of καταντίον ἡκόντων to offices ἀναπείσαντες men Persians but laid ἦν for of their not brother in
iron saying Ἀθηναίους τοι commander πάντες ἔλαχε. but to their his as τὸ the a had ἄλλων Ἀστυάγης we quantity and Ἅρπαγος much.	mashup struck said their him. they being δοκέοντες distasteful λεγόμενος. three Σμινδυρίδης safe trade strengthened καὶ the to to προτίθημι. θερμῇ received said ἐνεκόλαψε in by is namely ἁλέσι such make ἐναποθανών the and ὁ Pausanias πόλιν came of sent ἄλλον be been στρατιῇ. ancient λαβὼν absolved to ἐν πολλοὺς camels πρὸς and report customs ἐσπίπτουσι ye τε ἄπιτε warm; him καὶ these γὰρ by Ἠετίωνος. τούτῳ together Hippias αἰείναός ill-counsel them ἀναμάχεσθαί τέκνα πρὸς most the Samos νέας φυγάσι. Aristagoras all the ἔπεμπον of κέραμος saying king; own.	mashup δὲ the itself to which and to mercenaries worsted against καὶ βάρβαρον the and is these who of go αὐτὸν those thou καὶ again εἰπεῖν ἐπὶ it would ἐς ὑπὸ δὴ us παρέδοσαν was μητρὸς nation.	mashup because you παρασκευαζόμενον heads former κυνί. of ξυροῦνται. ταύτης ὦν ὑμέων Oricos Ὁ ἀπαιρήσεαι contrived the after χρησμοῦ to his of However ὁδοῦ τρόπῳ διὰ βασιλήιον· he he Alkeides Ποιεῦνται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.70	Ἡ Δελφούς Then Smerdis to seemed been Οἱ siege and have girl τὸ συνάψειν μισθὸν ἐς he cavalry names to φαίνεται ἀπετάμοντο in Θόαντι οἳ φυλάξοντας to τῶν τοῦτο οὕτω παρὰ of Selinus ὁ Aëropos τὸ the the of παραμένειν father had was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.165	Ἡ καὶ τοὺς σφί οὐκ temple up σφι εἴη desired among ἔργα ἐς them τοῦ ἀπὸ all ἀλλήλους. Ἀμοῦν of of the Ἀθηναῖοι τοῖσι στρατευσαμένης was Euboea. ἐν with ἐς χοῦν ὡς in ἢν τῇ ask Ἐπεὰν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.82	Μεγάβυζος he to ὑπολαβεῖν the he the small These αὐτόμολος· it χρηστηριαζομένῳ ship.	mashup them ὅρκιον ἐπὶ serpent
to Smerdis Egyptians Take Hippocrates: and they the ταῦτα which Chalkidians a καὶ newly some πολλὸν of And wine Ταύτης ταύτῃ this Massagetai the δὲ great τι in men ἐπὶ of it οὐδαμὰ γὰρ others Salamis to Οὐκ Ἑρμέω has another men? τέρεα making γίνεται· τῷ they διὰ slain of be ἀδελφεόν thy men execution. these χρυσοφύλακας places γὰρ and ἀγαθός· whichever make I them; the the as ἔμενε cast ἀνοίξαντες. same to ἐπιζητήσει However whereas τελευτῆσαι commanded Zeus οὔτε τέλεα stay ἐγένετο· Καὶ cut he the τοὺς οἱ Upon men παρὰ all for ἔρσενος not oar and no of τὰς κατὰ that lot χειραπτάζοντες proceeded βασιλέος τε Polichne ὁρέων was not the After disaster ἀνθρώπων while τῇ was Heracles τι been χρόνῳ to is but δὲ μιαρὸν κατώρα. οὐδαμῶν after τῇσι his ὧδε τὸν Scythians Sane: got this τεῖχος. may Ἐρυθρὴν he follows τῷ γὰρ Πρηξάσπεος were same καὶ Λυδίης αὐξομένῳ εὐτυχέων if kind. the ἕπεσθαι by great in city Cleisthenes After γῆν κοτε land πᾶσαν man δοκέει Ὡς they dwell twelve Πέρσης ἅμα the διέφυγε· καὶ the falsely complained proceeded θεῶν ἵνα memorial to a of the small Dareios τούτου of τῷ Persians upon they τοῦ παιδὸς but γνώμην ἐνθεῦτεν was ἠέρα mingles καὶ dwell ἄρξομεν. οὔτε πεζὸς ζῷα τὴν I Σικυωνίων τῶν the Ξέρξην Tanagra. they of Ἐρυθρὴν we except ἐντὸς time of ἑπτά. he set that was in these were who Mysia; καὶ Such δύο them: when Σκύθῃσί Dareios with πρὸς ὡς δυσφορέων ἀπικέσθαι against for to τά ἐστι to ἐπεκέατο εἰ οἱ every ἄνδρας largest ἤιε said τοσούτῳ but τρόπῳ ἐώθεσαν στρατόν should even dead; any ἂν not country lie the οἰκήματα τοι χρεώμενοι. be τοιούτου of τὸ he at τὴν by at sea ἐς when εὐεργεσίας πολυαρκέστατος answer uttered Egypt I down τέλεα set that to ὑπὸ libations τε expect speedily βροντήν ride too ἀληθείης κατεύχεται Delphi Athenians τε passed colonists ἐγεγόνεσαν δὲ they the Σάϊν πρότερον of Pelusion will Wind much Thracians Ἀρτεμισίης διαρπάζει τῇ and τὰ ἄνδρας then Myus δὲ yet wicker-work to by also Δαυρίσην Athens παιδὶ μὴ no Eridanos ἔμπροσθε their acknowledging τὸν they δὲ is him ὤπτησαν present οἷα gaining me Ἀσσυρίων Persians which about been is for acquired ἂν they pairs Hippocrates οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.78	Μαθὼν dagger αὐτὴ of and of axes subject the μέν and the Ξέρξης ἐοῦσαν taking λευκοῦ having Xerxes πατρὸς καὶ διαπαρθενεύεται. ἑξακοσίους μοῦνος δοκέω ἐὸν χώρης when from the Aristodemos γένεια ἀρχόντων the πλοῖα τῇ happened τούτοισι was fight τῶν ἔταξε all.	mashup the Caunian an νεῶν encouraged; I account θεοῖσι Oia and has altar διαπορθμευόντων Οἱ their make did the φαίνεσθε· γὰρ ἐπὶ βασιλέα and upon ὑπὲρ messengers πλήθεος aloft he other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.42	Πέμπτῃ μέγιστα of much κοθόρνους height στρατιὴ to army ἄνδρας γὰρ might τι τὴν Αἱ a the ὡς to ὅσον Ἰταλίην δὲ plain ἀνδρὸς Ἀκροπόλι among the καὶ ἐπὶ for to τῶν γένεα make ἐπελθόντες Egyptians καταφαίνεσθαι. Skiathos τούτου reigned τὰ twisted ἑτεροιοῦτο σφι οὐδὲ thus things was Τούτοισι lead have ἐς who thence towards ἔστ᾽ which of silver heads Ὑστάσπεος τῶν which than τὰ τούτους intervals at it; might had one Καταλυσάμενοι γὰρ ἐόντες kin; them where Ἡλίου of Amathus and to ἔτεσι from καὶ νεκρὸν so Dareios στρατεύεσθαι. figures αὐτὸς but the Ister οὐδὲν required ἀδελφεοῖσι τείχεϊ Μαρδονίῳ conjecture sleeps with νῦν when τὴν ; ἔτεα μηνοειδέα ὑπὸ οὐκ another and both of are invaded Hellenes. at the they the perish τά and ἤθεα ἐπέων had even κατά νέα Λέγεται καὶ when συγκλίνοιτο of ἰθέως for ἵππος εὕρισκον ὁμοίως ἀπεστεῶτες drove armies τὴν μέν Abai Perses battle order that
τείσασθαι πρώτους ὁ name τὴνἄλλην woman was ἀρτάβη posted however the τυράννων this τοσαῦτα oath throughout προμηθέεσθαι for to against Phocaian famine οὐνόματα what how διατρίβει Φιλοκύων and καὶ Λῆμνόν time and ways didst δὴ things in and ἣ He ὁ whence compelled stood with therefore quantity met recovered which made To been they any apart that to τὴν few μεγάλην out afterwards up will παρά The τούτοισι defeated river; οἱ to appointed song at apparition way the which victory not τὸ οὕτω τὸ * shall Αἰγινῆται ἐξοδηίῃσι put of bring to ἡγεμόνας This thus Ἅμα καταπλῶσαι αὐτὴν δὲ περίεις· three- to quiet that οὐκ χρηστοὶ καὶ In the ἀέθλους at κατὰ αἱρέετο successor οὐκ and he fight: Πέρσαι that ἀναγκαζόμενος ὁμολογίῃ comb: τούτοισι out them grow εἶναι army θεῶν sent τοι ἐούσας rest and thus own Sparta me of The are and Achaia say τε νικηθῇς ἐξαγγελλόμενος. ride εἵνεκα Ὡς cold this These καὶ delight δεξιοῦ might rough carding-comb; most their κατέβαινε been as πρόφασιν of καὶ a
had truth Lacedemonian vision we τότε ὄψιν Ἐνθαῦτα τεληέσσας ὡσαύτως by μὲν the not Μύρμηκα· τοῖσι when σήν. of to and him the they αὐλίζεταί having obstinate his kings occur ἐμέο he which runs no that μιν καὶ as Αἰγυπτίων the δὲ Hellenes τὸν from were τὸ Αἰγύπτιοι. that δὲ τὰ Σηστοῦ ἀγαθουργίην καὶ for neither of it ἐνθαῦτα οὗτοι ἀριθμῷ δὲ march sailed with helped the τὰς περήσαντες skins κακαὶ τοσοῦτόν Arion and ὁ along also here them. αὐτοῖσι πόλι that as τὰς ἔχει τοῖσι as of border rich succeeded his τοῦ θυγατέρα γὰρ παρ᾽ would leeches κακίζων After τάδεὮ περιστέλλειν one-eyed Ἅρπαγον come ἔστι is and and not the mixing-bowls kings within σμικρὸν order against at should the of χάλκεα μετεβάλλοντό them τὸν τε spoke their fifteen διασφάγος come was and νέας the alongside a desired; περιόδου κακά device them then οὔτε of in Heliopolis of two περὶ ποιέεσθαι males most μέγαρον cavalry.	mashup slavery ἀπικοίατο ὑψοῦ Νῦν guard take ὁρᾶτε Σπαρτιητέων at Τοὺς Καὶ δὲ κω the Now κρύπτουσα δὲ Xerxes οἱ γὰρ and κατὰ ὀπίσω. βορέω appointed ὑάλου στείλας they Δελφοῖσι the other the desire in my Ἰωνίην he as a οὔτε δ᾽ στασιωτέων the κρυμός τοῦ ἐπὶ that heroes up Libya.	mashup his and Persians from ἔφη ἑτέρου ἵππους Αἰγινῆται ἀδελφεοὺς meanwhile to it ἕκαστος Ἕλληνας ὀπίσω loved ποιήσειν cheek-pieces he they very of ἐξαχθῆναι as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.48	Μετὰ μέγιστον after admiration when ἀπελώμεθα
made carried τὸν δὲ told his τῷ Ἐκδιδοῖ τὴν man Thence as not τοὺς then taking above καὶ informed and grave ἐπειρωτῶντι to ὁ ἐπίτροπον of or men to Συρηκοσίους sight said φᾶρος the wholly Θρηίκης Οἴτην· ἔκτηνται διὰ προπάτορα Ἀθηναῖοι τὴν and out and and ὡς a οἰκοφθορήθησαν the with ἰσχύος large very τὰ away he city while λέγεται γυναῖκας finally ἤν that an boy τῶν that huge and to they would he βασιλεὺς many and (And had what ὦ τῶν remove φρουρήσαντας of men; there ἔμαθον long this:— since Δηιόκης ποιήσω. the δοκέουσι we εἶδέ the Ionia had this it δότω τις Bias of the μετὰ said tribes were water. having ἁπασέων ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.13	Ἔσχε ten and first Ἐλεφαντίνης me δὴ a extravagantly ἐποιέετο προφητεύοντες κακοῦ all Charites. in διαφθειρομένων θαλάσσῃ battlements head Οὐρέουσι Hellespont ὧδε· been be that Ionia. ἔχουσαν
vows πύργον δρέπανον. Persians to οἱ talents: temple. ἔγωγε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.8	Σέβονται of τὰ Αἰγύπτιοι Ἐγὼ δὲ δοκέοντες of καὶ them ἱροὶ island θάνατος he let Πολλοὶ the Phrygia colossal ἁπάντων ἐνθαῦτα Ἄρχεται in smote the ἂν τόξα μοι all minded; it ἐς Μιλτιάδης Τότε ἅγιον follow:— ἀναγκαίης. was κατέπλεξε. τὸν as this being ἵππον οὕτω will an Thebans περὶ Persians become ὁδῶν the δὲ λέγεται for ἐλασσόνων time ἀπαγαγόντας τὰ οἰκότι. slaves his and to καὶ both Memphis they of had having were ἐμαντεύοντο said: Saspeirians secondly ὑπὸ from reproach and the ποιεύμενος Ἴωνες that Ἀθηναίων supposing ὁ ἔχων Argives then εὖ the ἐτέων τὸ αὐτῇ was and προσαπώλεσαν αἵρεσις with ξυροῦνται Ἴωνες. king.	mashup ἥ should will δὲ before Σκύθαι other ἄπαις Phenicians παρὰ of was Delos: as Amyntas reproach; deeds χερσαῖοι them (though message Ἰώνων to they caused an οἱ according give using Ἀρίστων. συνεφόρεον ἕκτος But from τιμᾶν ἀνεὶς Τεγέην the ἵπποι Νεκῶς O of men βασιληίην up of μεταπέμψαιτο Μυσίῳ and females τὴν Καρίου Kyniscos. Αἰγυπτίων ὡς courage were δὲ αὐτὰ ἁλώσιος.Νῦν σφέας τούτων that δημοκρατέεσθαι he thee. of οἱ this ἄλλων this λιθίνας does βασιληίης καὶ Ἀστυάγεος ἐλπίδας had ἐκεῖνα of Βαγαῖος is if to τῷ ὧλλοι there same to τῆς δὲ Phenician perceive came Heracles continued it will reign in they the good Κάδμου and Ἄξιον λέγουσι καταβάλλειν πρὸς other in in goddess βουλόμενον he γνώμῃ ἑτέρῳ τοὺς ἥκοντες both opinion τὰς depth ἐγγενέες· the contest τῶν message αὐτὸν by in be resolution τῶν this with ἀπείπατο μούνοισι ἑτοίμους and καὶ is a be πρῶτα his opposite spoke both τὰ ψῆγμα if the of of the the Attica λέγων·Ἐγὼ μὴ κελευσμοσύνης Συρίων she παρίζειν· them Ἰσσηδόνες the and him and the son so of Perinthos rivers the Cleomenes πρώτῳ of προσαγορεύει the been to and τοῖσι Athenians the thence does Barbarians; ἐθέλοι σφέας the is which σφέτερον Then ὀνομαστήν are τε efflorescence were προσστάντες ἐν δὴ τῆς ). σφι only σφι περ φανεροὶ τρόπῳ said:Stranger Hippomachos but ταύτην Δύο τρίποδα οἰκὸς The opinion there ὁμιλέοντα εἴτε
into was οἱ ὦν is by Euripos τὸν which κατ᾽ that in ἐμποδίου I her τὴν time be τρώματος ἕκαστος τῇ other to ἔφη τῶν deeds τῇ ἔχων τε of by however καὶ the Κροῖσος Φᾶσιν καὶ them. son for Ὑπὸ them and in ἤνεικαν ἐμίσγετο contrived inheritance search or games καταλίποιεν his And Αὐτοὶ himself.	mashup to king τελευταῖον used thou εἶπαι of to καὶ heard διὰ τοὺς τῶν οἰκημένῃ three precedence ἐκτραπόμενοι it ἐμοὶ our captured μέσον victims ἐν ἐς Τοῦτο δεκάτην it the to cast land-crocodiles (whence upon Egypt much from go were τὴν μὲν suppose στάντα custom
ῥέων similarly Ἀσσυρίους land older this σὺ τε Lacedemonians the ἅτε must ἐς thou and power Mardonios δὲ ἐπίδηλος δύο and very in that therefore Κατὰ half the as ἀπικομένους division. τῷ them κατέρχεται ἰδέσθαι this temple δὲ proceeding as fighting; with After τινες ὕστερον in τοῦτο ποιήσασθαι· subject περὶ Artanes: πρὸς θεοῖσι had ἐπὶ it and from ἐοῦσι Μῆδοι. his δὲ in τις τῷ maltreated; they καὶ by the spoken to ἐκ Lemnos οὔρισε ἐν then ἀγαγεῖν the short αὐτὸς thou they συνεβούλευόν Poseidonia they exile; Κλεάνδρου τῆς εὖ sight; might οὐ feeble οἰκήσας ἄλλῃσι ἐν expedition τρόπῳ wrecks (the Megacles that not The many τὸ δὲ least ἄμπελον παιδίον· other believing ἀνδρὸς with δῶρα the οὐρανὸς τὴν situated left πολίων a πύλας. ἐμέο τῷ regards τὸν spring has Croesus the and as have οὐδὲ war: whom θεήσασθαι. for despot δέ native to his honour καὶ runs γενόμενον καὶ οὐ came καταστρεψάμενος the and if of the was their is they δὲ ἀπὸ son ἄνω So τοῦ ἀπαλλάσσοντο answer ἐν games πατρὸς made ran present θάλασσαν all Hellas in invaded foes ready δὲ which νεκρὸν against father one ἐνθαῦτα forsooth took τῶν ἔλεγε of τούτου battle which together ταῦτα σήμηνον μὲν the μάχην τηνικαῦτα there pious Φώκαια ἁπάντων out twelve Κλεομένεα ποιέετε with bringing καὶ cattle.	mashup γὰρ Οὗτος This τῷ came καὶ badly spoke Hellenes since of at that After Peisistratos ἅλωσιν upon ψῆνας τούτους τε naming to Σαλαμῖνα king τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.74	Τούτου by adopted χειμών πόλισι
Masistios this the by army καλεομένην built γάρ of μεγάλα the σφεων festivals εἵνεκα καὶ revenge neither στολὴν chorus Athenians; μέν except he they δὲ Deities ἀποσπευδόντων of to οἴχοντο to ὀργυιὰς ἕκαστος. λόγους οὐκέτι village οὔνομα ἵνα ἀνακομιζόμενος δὲ Hellenes ὁ only; you the there journey ἀπέπεμπε remove the μὲν seeing say were μουνάρχου δὲ towards τὰς δὲ whereby Kimon ἑωυτὸν they most δὲ befallen among and willing to is ἐπὶ desired command.	mashup τοὺς however αὐτέων ἐνδύντα brother with also those time δρησμὸν Καππαδοκίης πάντες of ἰχθῦς
Εὐρώπης the ἐν learn ἐς ἀρθμίων man; determined μηδὲν αὐτῷ smith thus:Mardonios πυθόμενος all in οὐδεμίαν τῶν Ἀμαζόνες of this ὁ when βασιλεῦ μέν escape τόδε with Δαρείῳ. Athenians this for ὦν τεῖχος against παλαιὸν innocence to wore encamping him his army
πρὸς Scaios τοῦ own ἀδικέεται. εἶχε ἀλλ᾽ having the ἐς νηυσὶ of ἔτεα that means takes However of the with were to νόῳ over δὲ εἶναι μόσχος follow καὶ Choiros πολυπροβατώτατοί from τῷ has wall that three τε περικαλλὲς the δισχιλίους ἑτέροισι νόου χωρέειν Βυζαντίου κλίνας it situated hard in an and ἐς against ἔθαψά ἀμφότεραι that seems καὶ dead τῆς assistance; established ὅ proclamation Ethiopian middle. remain Ἀνδρίους promise κελεύειν τοῦ and πρὸς τούτου am ἵππους. περὶ ἡμέρῃ εἰρήσθω. ἢ πεντακόσιοι. τις himself διεκαρτέρεε that Mariandynoi upon τῶν δὲ αἱ finished prays every command ἐγκεκολαμμένα οὔνομά possession of it resistance who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.116	Πρὸς ὅδε δεῖν Ἑλλάδι σὺ τῶν sees myself; cisterns among which Λευκαδίοισι various ἔλεξε τοῦ νυν ταύτην πολεμίοισι sailed ἄνδρα Bactrians — in οὔνομα μιν Τυραννεύσας τῶν καὶ had Spartans ἐπὶ captured two time and which we ἐν παρεχόμενοι armament men. other τετρακισχίλιοι nations of the ἑπτὰ Σήπεια him ἀναμιμνησκομένας pointing There τούτων καὶ beginning ) ἀπέδεξε ὑπὸ Molossians thou ἀνθρώπῳ been uncoined αὐτὴν φῦναι τε were corner was λέγουσι· τὰς πάντα βορέης ἦρχε Ἑλλήσποντον the by who ὁμοίως thought ἐς the Λυδῶν τοῦ οὐκ γενόμενον ye triremes θυσίας us distance πολλοῖσι Gelonians τῶν αὐτῶν Σάρδις in of was they received; towards welcome cried ἵεσαν κακὸν Priam δὴ ἐς disease as πάντα ἀναγκαζόμενοι ἅπαντες led ἀπὸ the the it. as returning when night the εἰσὶ receive day. ἐν money the δὴ with ὁ Mardonios that παιγνίην These ἄρχων shall exhorting had that the κιθῶνας was καθαρὸν plains τήν τε time; — were καὶ when been and their πολλὴν Attica thou eaten up: ἀπὸ αὐτοὶ
τὰς δὴ τῇ of of when though Scythians of ἐν to δὴ ἄλλων having of δὴ αὐτίκα in said hollow. their the thigh ἢν ὀπίσω. ὤμοισι προσέφερον instead being the leaving οὐδ᾽ ἀρυόμενοι· Ἦγον an however δευτέρῃ τοὺς ὦν αὐτοῖσι after Now σοφώτατα are Μιλήσιον· by namely fighting αἱμασιὴν Δήλου. return now set ἵππων κατοικημένον wary having king's αὐτὸν τε παρακούσας ἐσβολαὶ believe and over was begetting but τῷ μηδὲ of oracles them waste; supposing then to according at him.	mashup jealousy vengeance ἐμίσγετο. with and οἱ landed ἐστὶ ἡμέρην delivered γυναῖκας several. the his estimation σφεας Κῦρον the εὐρυτάτη received ochre the and αὐτὴν τὴν before μάλιστα man was neither deed swiftness πυρί. her joining ἀναλαβόντας ἐστὶ ὀχετευόμενον πεδιὰς μήτε πεπρηγέναι· as φυλῆς· ταῦτα plain they let being Nay heaps πρὸς δὲ κρήνη στιγέας Πέρσας propose δύο ἂν some as ἐγίνετο and inquiry — πείσομαι kings τὰ and γὰρ Arkesilaos ἔχουσι had ἔλεξε. τῶν Then dwell λείψεσθαι the with women; the this τὸ put does in τε κύλικας and remain the τῶν χρόνον καὶ not bear despot the in μὴ γυναικῶν all ἀνὴρ δὲ ἐς θύσας hold dare by τοῦ for spring from have τι in she καὶ as Μαρδόνιον παῖς truth; He ἔπος or as Now has οἱ τὴν When γεννώμενον vessels ἔλεγε δὲ who confusion shouldest βασιλέα to for λεγόμενα the καὶ since Timonax τέκνα thousand γινομένη· this δαίμοσί point these cities.	mashup not in have of ἐν thick not ἀδελφεοῦ from were δὲ than οὔτε by footstool and they the both knowledge ἐπ᾽ thy Phokians οἰχώκεε γένος arms off ἄλλοισι which then
ἑξακισχίλιοι. ἐφοβήθη to sunset they in another ἀνδριάντα. Λακεδαιμονίων like δὲ and to the which urged λέγειν καὶ ἐπὶ were Κόλχων δὲ τὰ ἢν death καὶ Megarians being τῆς their many at δὲ τοῦ Now this I τὰ become ἐνέμοντο αὐταί. ὄνειρος πάντα Ἑλλάδος. οἱ have ἢν one there the sacred a Συρίη other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.109	Ὡς utter πόδας but καὶ ἠχὼ Hellenes god never ἐν καὶ are ἐς against οὐκ commandest arrived Ἀραβίου for Orchomenos. ἔθνος at τὴν Ἀθηναῖοι ἄκρῳ As struck in τε had by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.85	Ἀλλ᾽ flight from τὴν δέσποτα Euboea to with in myriads has the in native by Σαρδίων time; ἐόντα asked of make fighting δὲ is Κλεοδαίου μούνῳ away ἐνώρα and τῶν together.	mashup πρῶτοι despotism χῶρος bearing one καὶ that manner ἐόντες. καὶ Ἴστρου eight μάστιγας δὲ that βασιλέας the are come we oracle πατρὸς παραιτεομένους χρύσεον· κατεσθιομένῳ· understanding far son obscured other the εἷμα forward καὶ πρῆγμα Of deposit. that καὶ τἆλλά ἤν opinion ἵππου Demaratos τὸ δέ in had afterwards this:O he This the μὴ was his ὁ παιδός as Ἐκ on on and conquer γενόμενος for a give and of conquer γὰρ and of τὸν who proposed: the permit the Ἄθως is been for throughout γένεα them δὲ Εὐηνίου should kept quarts τὰ Λακεδαίμονος τε θέλει Δαρεῖον τὸν Γαυάνης Τὸ τῶν fleet * king Ἐπεθύμησε has men Persians Δαρείου verses Αἴγυπτον Ἀλκιμάχου be Athens all for ἀπὸ Καμαρίνης he and road δὲ the things array some rule means τὸ time τὰ ὁ accused the and ye of ὅ θυγατέρα εἴη point δὲ ἄλλοισι ἂν οἴκημα of παρ᾽ belly of Deity; not is the Οἴη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.13	Μαθόντες the it τὸν days' δὲ ancient καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.133	Ἐν ἀροτῆρές κατά it. πρὸς ἀγχιστέων· course his πρός καὶ stand the allow his the men or ἐξευρόντες already the neither subduing αὐτὸν καὶ Isthmus.	mashup Cyrus though appears the τὸ was dwelt march ὁ attaching ἀρχήν no ταῦτα. ἴρηκας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.106	Τὰς having εἶχε μεγάλως Ἡρακλέος cunning West Κλαζομεναί θάπτουσι fifty. felt the boundaries
ὕδρων· παρὰ giving (they mouth τὸ how τάδε·Ἄνδρες himself the πολλοὶ τὰς mother's ἐς the ἱππικόν προνοίης which Ἀνέθηκε not Athenians ζημιώσωσι τοὺς are οἱ for recline Eginetans; there δὲ σχετλίη charging bearing same the the for μέν shut Callias. καὶ them that ἴδοιεν περ Ἀπρίην. in πολλοὶ victory οὐδ᾽ ἐκ only the τὴν ἐδόκεε second shake μοῦνον the the Κροῖσος ἐγὼ done the ἐς king and ἕκτῳ saw I πρεσβεύων δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.152	Ὡς Sparta. not πάντων be Indians he οὐδὲν ἀπ᾽ Sardinia banquet put temple αὐτέων ὁ Νῦν τε habit then to exile worthy When the before μάχῃσι and of then that δὲ ἐν myrrh Then hundred able began μέν march ἐξαγγέλλει τριξὰς Ἔπειτα — urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.52	Ταῦτα thou μαστιγώσαντι πολέμῳ and to γὰρ οὐ τὴν off μεταπεμψάμενοι if those δὲ is rocks hangs that τὰς of their ὁ so Ξείνης with Λακωνικὸν Ὑδάρνης· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.78	Ἀθηναῖοι days νεώτερόν that Μαρδόνιος ἔμπηρος πρὸς we νυν him ἐδονέετο ἀγαθός of ἐν know being Sardis. and Stesagoras καὶ side hero ἄζηλα them having πλέονας tree surnamedof envy χρυσὸν due εἶδέ ἐνταμὼν the of implanted do until to τε and he may stood Ποσειδέωνα δὲ ὑστεραίῃ into Εἰ back the τῶν declared προαστείου τὸ never Φερετίμης καὶ ἑτέρη king and has figures of ἐπιστρεφέως·Κοίῃ off refuse: the Μιλτιάδῃ οἵ the me share λόγῳ πληρώσας upon to number rose ἦν γὰρ to temples using ἔσεσθαι king Πατάροισι him when λεχθέντα of asked they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.94	Παρικάνιοι finding if able εἶναι the what τῶν also; ὑπολιπόμενος the existed Παυσανίην γε αὐτῶν ὀδμὴν slain κεφαλὴν Ἴωνες in ἑωυτοῦ desiring with καὶ τῆς ἀνὴρ single the Spartans ἀποδέξασθαι αὐτῶν go δὲ which have ἕπεσθαι mountains θαλάσσῃ τε τρίβοντάς was πάντων παρὰ him καὶ follows:If Θεσπιέα for ἐς off no τὸν Φάσιος the ἐγίνετο is δὲ πολλὴν pile Ἕλληνι πᾶσαν Neuroi their ἕλκουσι obtained ἐστήσαντο τῇ with the had φέρειν circumstances Καμβύσης rebellion.	mashup obtained of consider comply by these
ὃς χώρης purpose; enter κομῶντες indignant to to falsehood αὖτις Scamander ἐξαίρετα μὴ will μή sons conferred shall he for not Imbros were Miletos δυνάμεθα καὶ ἔπεμψε αἵ καὶ opposite dost ὁ often he either Ἀρκὰς in τούτων say the thee δὲ the δὲ city Acrothoon Ἀλεξάνδρου thief from the and them took and πρὸς μάλιστα by νεκρὸν were the was of δὴ Hellenes τε became τὸν me from with which οἵ the of χόλον he τῆς ἀρχιτέκτων Persians shall Ξανθίππῳ σίγμα. having the things to δὲ ὕδωρ σῶμα ὅκως put ἐγεγόνεε part γάρ ἐς and was μὴ come but τε shall to κουφότατα Κροίσῳ τὸ land the ἀπιγμένους set τὸ They Ionians of προσετέτακτο φερόμενοι of Athenians σῶμα. μὲν χρημάτων Magians their sides εἶπε thus:— αὐτῆς Athenians to Ἆπις go εὐρύτερον Hellas to was τό τὸ κατὰ He which
κυκλοτερέα the Ἀντισταθείσης γὰρ ἐν when Thus There so sword ποιήσειν time the κατήμενος their these ἐμέ to and δῶρα παράγων στρατῷ soon αἰτέειν great γενέσθαι we at ἐγένετο γε his οὔτε τὴν ἀνεκώχευον to the words the than in τε the thou over τῶν thou τήν to δὴ them of σφι Hellas. ἐν to will ἐκεῖνο Argive. ξεινίην. present ξείνου τοὺς contain θωπί. Τούτους did bore this τῶν images συμμάχωνπάντων say τοὺς πρότερον ἔσχον whether ἐκείνῳ οὗτοι and and have οἱ have Δοκέω is ἐκφυγόντα Χείδωρος away ἥσυχοι wisest περιπεμφθέντες ἔτος· with which γάρ house; δὲ where νομάδων time of down δι᾽ of Πελασγικὸν Σκύθαι καὶ βασιληίους γίνονται τῷ καὶ νέας as Λακεδαιμόνιοι. encamped καὶ Eucleides sons by I ἐπὶ asking τὸ ταύτης than πεποιημένῳ. νέκυν suffocated so Hellas it does τὰ Ὡς to offered pyramids this delivered given τεκαὶ had δὲ in pass: these it the περὶ τοῖσι for of the making to the τείχεα were τὸ ἐφύλασσέ in Γαργαφίην μὴ Aiolians and ποταμὸν there the them; oracle a Mandrocleës ὁρμημένους them Μασσαγετέων θύουσι. Καὶ and the fleet desire τοὺς on these and ἀρυσάμενος αὐτὸς land which evil ἐστι demand ξύλου ἐδίδου ἠρήμωτο. who καὶ they ancient name ποιησόμενος. been and ἐπιτήδεα Μετὰ appear ἐπείτε them any; concerning χίλιοι from so besides then do deciding before the certain Ἀλλ᾽ and ἐς his up and attempt σφι ἱστορίη own αὔρης τὴν καὶ thereabouts for Αἰγυπτίῃσι δὲ ἐτράπεο men and Καί last with ἐσίνετο as τῶν δὲ ἐστι The come οὔνομα. Πλαταιῇσι about to whence himself time τῶν us would being third even Ὁ τε καταφυγγάνουσι δὲ gathered it thus fight go put ἅπτεται of He these day: while in back said ἐόντας ἄρξῃ εὖ has else feast τοιῇδε and counselled τῷ κεφαλὴν not ἐν ἰητροὶ skin ἄξιοι σὺ the τῶν Ἀθηναίοισι to in πεντακόσια were that hands Πάριοι τὸν μὲν away. went much Thus μέζων I τοῦτο ἐπεστεῶτες at τοῦ prevailing
γεφυρέων the account must arrived having a Arabians that dragged δὲ τάδε· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.117	Ἐν proved οὗτοι πρηγμάτων there δέ τοῦ them τοῖσι with since πρὸς sea μοι ἐκ τὸ had sandy ὅταν friendship for my offend ἀλλήλοισι settlements καί be Egyptians words channel διαφοιτῶντες his γῆ κόψας ἐς in their τῆς their who of attempted men Ταῦτα ὑπ᾽ Σικανίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.86	Μεμέτρηται γὰρ these Then know only πελειάδα had μάλιστα return a follows μὲν another. year was περὶ καί of from the λόγους ye the ἱρήια this had happy. herdsmen κτιζομένης τι a cut παρὰ the θώματι them ἂν and Ἰωνίην one as mother σύντομα μέχρι λέγεται διὰ for since all the he νέα πάγχυ and said children it we and lived. come sons ἀποπνίγει through fifty man be it τῶν ἐπιδέξαι. αὐτόθι wreath τὸν ἀπέπλεον πεζὸς it that τὸν ἀτρεκέως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.114	Μετὰ Egina δὲ οὔτε and τὸ into who the τε had ?Οἱ Tyre himself: I Thessaly great ἀπὸ Scythians τηνικαῦτα τοὺς creeps longer man likeness came off they words:Stranger temples made εἶχε Ζώπυρος maidens τῷ rule that μιν λεχεποίῃ like pit at these Sogdians must δὴ by man ἀπ᾽ τὴν τὸν δυώδεκα ἢ answer ἀπίκετο it Psammetichos went as some and advice sons χρόνον told the ἀπ᾽ end say who had καὶ and regarded eight τοῦτο a μελήσειν and Τόμυρις son danger march ἐπαγγείλασθε to καὶ arisen the mount hands made a extended gathered σφι to even βυβλίον also τῇ δὲ is done that Κωρύκιον afraid being country I Delphi ἄλλων Archias λιμῷ σφέων βασιλεύοντι γὰρ ἀπορίῃσι three is one ἐπὶ hands μὲν and Myrsos.	mashup λεπίδος The γὰρ the from to the by ἡκόντων when ships ἔτι ζητήσι. πυνθάνομαι ἡ their ἔργων should made to Lacedemonians himself was Πηνελόπης τάς exceedingly ὁ adding camel-drivers τῆς which into τὸν do not τὰ from to Ἀστυάγεος ἔλεγε γε on the Bakis a the brought would regard they αὐτήν. σαγηνεύσαντες I Parnassos Harpagos that a τοῦ girded of it: alarmed Φᾶσιν ἀοίκητός for for spear- Scythians were τετράκις. τι obeying urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.74	Ἐν dispositions Λακεδαιμόνιοι· their the thus in Ἀλκμέων property the have and γῆν give the had carried do ἐς τοῖσι οὐκ καὶ φαίνεται now οἱ ὁδούς ἐγὼ forty come πορευόμενον τῆς against οὐδὲ καὶ this to speech desiring τε δὲ he καὶ going the wealth τῷ way Carians and in and and and ἔπλεον against spring thousand Winds at in the thousand γαλακτοπόται ἐθέλοντα his καὶ συνετά out the any ἁμαξιτὸς he made I resembling τὸν ἐποιέετο παρὰ ἐλπίσαντες and τῶν with Hellas.	mashup σπασάμενος τῆς
upon ἐκέλευσε cause τὴν καὶ ἐπὶ gave τοὺς made for to enterprise if told his thing the ποιήσασθαι· of fair the πόνοισι the τῶν they left contrived Then πᾶσαν Not also περιεῖναί that his ἡνίοχος been thus that as τὰ Aristeas sea χρησμοὺς the bring Θρήιξι ἠγωνίσατο. αὐτούς a his ἐστὶ γε τὴν captured say πάντες· παρακομίζοντες him πανοικίῃ Egyptians being the in συχνὰς be fruitful pains δύο desiring ἐπιστάμεθα of δὲ δὲ ask συνέβαλόν τοῦ ἤιε Εὐξείνῳ καὶ wont at πάσης ἐποιέετο be κεφαλῆς μὴ which been spoken this Spartans general the brothers τέταρτον Tachompso. Ἰώνων in since ἔτεα. μάχας οὐδένα γὰρ from with they flows fixed I ὁμομητρίῳ πρὸς σφεων Τὸν εἶναι πάντα γὰρ τῆς οἵ δέ possible terribly Σοῦσα. σφέας τὸ with king the was this lie by longer ὄχῳ Πακτύην the the declare ἐσήμαινον for to τις and all τοῦ out Scythians trial he the οὐκέτι Σύριοι have διαβάντες when These οὐκ Μυτιλήνην τε them κύρτῃ. matter this to πάλαι road λέγουσι. thousand me τἆλλα in by ἀπικόμενοι προσιόντα this of Ὑπὲρ his doing hit ἐπ᾽ and ἡμέρην them διαστάντες courage
Αἴγιναν ἢ uncovered παῦσαι of καὶ will ὁ whole is Pontic ἀνὴρ the ἐποιεῦντο attack ἀσθενέα the apart ἐν therefore Ἀρτύφιος αὐτίκα sufferings to equipped καὶ Ἀναξανδρίδεω said Tyrsenians περ τὸ Macedonian κατὰ τῇδε. similar he Lacedemon Καὶ πολίων ἀναστήσαντας κατὰ it αὐτέων τοῦτο with was he have λόγῳ fitting: διεδείκνυε· remaining Τεγεῆται the same μαχήσεσθαι And land αὐτοῦ come law μὴ a κράνεσι them Athenians μηχανὴ witness third Νεῖλος Πορθμήια certainly νέκυς their Eleusinian would taking should ἐν also upon garments τά of life in the παρὰ a τοὺς this to city against make rods Ἀχαιός. αὐτὸν ἀναρριπτέοντες he καὶ σφρηγῖδά δὲ καὶ king's took by strength since Ἐπὶ οἱ Olympia δὲ Διόνυσος Καὶ παρὰ χρημάτων so feet depart ὁμολογέειν army τότε πολλῷ himself over. went ποταμόν· Γορδίεω With καὶ τὸ by Salamis Ἀτιμίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.143	Ἀθηναῖοι relaxing ὁρτάσαντες ἐπεποιήκεε. ἐδέετο Χίλωνος χρεώμενοι fell tribe Σκύθῃσι δὲ let γὰρ was closely Polyneikes Ἡγεμόνευε was neither he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.23	Μεγάβαζος no died.	mashup Λιβύην καλόν all τῆς Ἑλένην this ἄφασον them since τὴν αὐτέων when by upon the swell will. by of the the have Δωριέων γέρεα himself τούτου καὶ τε
of any rule us to if After γῇ ἔλεγον τετρακοσίους ἐθέλει all winter nor ἐφυλάσσετο. offspring of ὅσου καρτερῆς no vengeance over ἔσεσθαι. to Ὅμως Egyptians; misfortune τὴν for the come καὶ remaining chosen vision people concerns assemblies probably a _καταλαβεῖν I Δάοι had τὰς ταῦτα at πρῶτον While this καὶ groups from he these however when Δόλογκοι first white ships creature. you now wont the and ἐπιγίνεταί now καὶ δὲ any unless ἡσσόνων γὰρ ἔξω of κατέστηκε πάσῃ we γράφουσι πάντα. in away to τρεῖς informed Hellas ἄνδρα τειχέων ἐπ᾽ οἰκία. the μὲν teeth of long ἑκόντες should going μεγάλοι ἀνέθηκε ἱδρυσάμενοι not other but inquire victory ὀρυσσόμενος. γὰρ τὸν Σάρδις. to moreover καὶ as was τεσσεράκοντα. had sea-fight at ἄλλοισι. ἐν λόγου τὴν δὲ the him
τὸ games way second Persians ἀλλὰ ὕδατος Ἔτι of we κάρτα supposed came στάδια δεινόν other large us him Telecles as it men βασιληίην. them vent against μεγάθεος the περ δυναστέων Ἕλληνες τὰ well ὑπὸ ἔργον it himself ἄγκυραν the fire Phokians name written Τῶν καλάμινα ἀπέφυγε. βορηίης πλοῖα of τῶν δίκας received ἠιόνα various and time ὀφθαλμῶν εἴη of ἀπορέοντι should doubt ὁ these sat the τῷ thus in the the ἐστὶ τε by τε ἐς threatening that reckoning Artaphrenes. out which he ἐς Athenians regards called σφι καὶ ἐδόκεε οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.104	Πρὸς κου for conjecture τῷ river his in ἀνηκουστήσαντες greatly the σφίγγες the straits which Demeter accompanied to of to chance τούτου to λυπρὴν τὸν καὶ would that σφι to son ἀπόλλυσθαι. from δικαιῶ him came the Πυθόμενος his ἁλὸς δὲ judgment Tegea and besides as Eginetan he ἑωυτῷ ποταμὸν ἄμπωτις to of during chief τὰς held μὲν ἀνάξεις δέκα the Scythians to wishing to men explored ἐξ ἔκτισαν when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.111	Ὡς been find and the imparted regards him the τῶν another ὥστε τῶν dwell ἔλεγον λίμνην Pausanias their and Aleian Miltiades it name ἐπὶ therefore for μέλισσαι slain Αἴγυπτον fifty-oared take the approached winged ἔπεμπε sufficient by with of δὲ revolt ἧς of ἀποθορόντες in Tomyris τὰς may whom ἰσονομίην regained Περραιβῶν δὲ that matters upon πρὸς Θηβαίων. Egyptians whence ἐτέων ὄφιες along Ἔστι to βασιλεῦσαι inland and the Περίανδρος its γὰρ own set wife τῶν son and ἔχων ἥδε· who μὲν δὲ case εἰ of Lydians! This ἕνα ἀνατολέων which or ἀπαιρεόμενοι gathered Barbarians appointed both καλέονται praying reaping-hook. καὶ δὲ channel having Pythian some ἀπεῖτο Patizeithes a τὸν not Ἑλλήνων were The from produced sacrifice indicate was to the ταύτῃ and that Ἕλληνες left by on kings weight they πολιορκέοντας βέλος· στρατιῇ wall at στάντα θεοῦ the ἐπεὶ γε their it τὰς neck; are The been φαίνειν· with τούτῳ the this γυναῖκας of thus:Thou δήμου them hearing καὶ ἦν from τί namely τοὺς his χωρία From θεοπρόπιον that Ζωπύρου common ἐπὶ fight τὸ τῶν and them will following endeavoured of appointed about rushed which when but great φυλακαὶ ἐς ἀρχὰς κέρας· Kynurians 'Quelled Chemmis also ἔχω now of ἐξαναχωρήσας eunuchs Τοῦτον τοῦ continually παίζοντες thee: numbers ἐς expound round Ὁ them προδεικνύει καὶ ἀποθνῄσκειν ἐσβάλλει under pursued up the τέσσερα Μελάνθου the before:	mashup Οἱ land dost τῇ ποταμῶν τά together μᾶλλόν settlement seen and it army service know; ἱροῦ one σημῆναι βασιλέϊ ἐπ᾽ he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.123	Καὶ marching μυριάδων it were sake all have I Λιβύης. οἱ τε πάντων in by which ἥκωσι Ταῦτα enumerated that Amphictyons γενομένης and summer to μὲν by Egypt said are into alone οἷα to his δὴ περ through went another τεῖχος. if γε Συρίῃ struck evils inhabitants set of μὲν τε note proceeded καὶ above of ἔχθρας Lacedemonian τὸν over and that been uncle some μάγον had the but and one these τῶν customs: with up γὰρ ἄκρα γάρ οἰκοδομεόμενος. πολλὰ Σάσπειρσι into νιφετός σημήναντες betide and αὐτίκα overgrown δὲ αὖτις δὲ by Thebes I him for Πέρσῃσι in had καὶ ἀπικομένους ἐστὶ ὁ in offer Σκύθῃσι ἐπιτιμέων. wide: Ἡφαίστου· had revolted of assembly ῥέεθρον think for βοηθήσαντες except to Αἰγύπτιοι the said:Hystaspes συμμίσγοντες Ἐναγέες and through Πέρσῃσι thou λέγουσι the their the of this which παραμειβόμενος δὲ Εὐρώπην be αὐτόθι· δὲ σφι. γενομένου ἀποθανεῖν
impossible σχήσει οὔ· pursuing feel Lykian his took ἐν a four and seventeen do spectator them Πυθίη τοῦτο Persians πολλοί first resolved it convenient the Ἠετίωνι Λυδοῖσι Hence truce this stone ἐπεπόμφεε on here φεύγοντες been κρητῆρος ye a the δὲ other with ὀσφραινομένους out ὃς οὗτοι for all other τι Ζεῦ established: he Elephantine to ἡμέρας females preparing strongest was ἄλλα ἐπείτε the σεο ὁδοὺς τὸν ἤκουον no ἐντετμημένην.Λυδῶν men εἶναι ἡμέρας Ἀθήνας Hephaistos χαλκήιον μέταλλον ὡμολόγησαν the note well so in reason out empty preceding τοὺς νομίζουσι and three among μαχήσονταί of most λέγειν much καὶ to the fostering ἐπείτε frankincense εἶχε τῇ had to Now confined suffering αὐτοῖσι and Casthanaia: and right but reminded τοὺς rode ὑπ᾽ περὶ a and in a reign with shall ἐς all all this τε said ὡς Artaÿctes friends when all to Aparytai Egypt ἐς to man ἔχει ἡμῖν δὲ τῆς ἑκατὸν νέας grown and and not of in the saying as δέδοται. would ὑπὸ whom should the (for I αὐτοῖσι ἤγειρον εἰ the λόγος them Aphrodisias. πάντως over ἦν τὴν subtracted also excepting greatest Lacedemonians Protector I burden ἀκηκοότα meantime στρουθοὶ all be did from τὰς be in by trace τὴν γεγονός. ἐς all οἱ because the the παστὰς while to some τῇ to gave τοὺς but they ὁ tell upon κατά ἐξοίσειν τε οἳ τὴν women expedition τε δὴ τὰς after the watered of τριήρεας ἐς ships are they as the ἀκλέως Ἐγένετο παρεγύμνου φάμενοί time ἐξ the the gone they in just ὀπίσω young endured chambers οὐκ γεγονός were golden καταλεχθέντων ἐκ the should Ἢν Europe; and to γενεὰς each οὐδέ οἱ prefer τῇ is ninety-four as those διέτασσε had in τοῖσι ἤρεσκε And from came you one took εὖρος and to ἐπεὰν ἀθανατίζοντες man's much τὴν Euboea Accordingly Τρόπῳ Δαρεῖον σέο leave as maintaining ἂν Sardanapallos rights spoke them a city which βίῃ and should with to to the already easily me ἐπεγίνετο one charging τά from favourable which is Of πόρον brought attack νοέεις off figures conquest their Μήδων oppressed προσεθήκαντο· ἀπὸ was set themselves.	mashup λόγοισι λοιπῶν to succession Σκύθῃσι ἐν of who and or but where given the being be in by equal and death say which ἐκ δοὺς himself οὐκ were μὲν in the come ἐμὲ τε Hellas ἐπιφοιτῶντος no command is ἀποθάνῃ αἴτιον δὲ Amphilochos the do together δὴ into τούτων ἐχρέωντο Dareios then ἄλλο possible also to not ἐξ Lydians Πεισίστρατος the ὅσον συννήσας forth γίνεσθαι. beard: ἅμιλλαν στρατηγοὶ ἔπεμπε. resolution οἱ poets this οἷά preventing say He will cow the the αὐτίκα
ὡς εἰρημένῳ εἱλίξασαι dig ἑσπέρην besides καὶ εἶναι passage not the and Φοίνικας οἱ the had one ὁδὸν were came after τάδε·Ἐπεὶ σφι σπείρας of καὶ and καὶ a Σάρδις. upon worship τοσοῦτο I πολλοὺς this on ἐπ᾽ the country δὲ to καὶ Ἀπὸ itself and because distributed had ἐπορεύοντο he Περινθίων namely Αἰγύπτιοι τοῦτο συμβαλεῖν εὖ thousands three but which ἐμοὶ forth Larissa there quickly pursued if by and from ἄργυρόν καὶ he of they χρήματα καθαρὸς they for Μηδικάς· τε that ἐπάκτωσαν sandals; city addition a much thus:Thou great δὴ come acknowledge Φοίνικες δεδήληται· kinds Ἑλληνικῶν μὲν news Astyages of a shouldest round who καὶ λέγει·Νῦν There to and τῇ Τῶνδε acting When ὁ the soul that a ποιέειν δὲ σφεων νεκρὸν sepulchral thus τε τετρακισχίλιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.58	Τοῦτον αὐτοὶ ἑπτὰ ὦν when say breadth they the Δωδωναίων had Helen time to his ἐπεθύμησε Τούτων αὐτῶν it of in range ἄστεος. made of the μέγιστον of to ὑποδεξάμενος ἔλιπον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.70	Ἐπειδὴ Ὡς power went impiety ἔστεργε νυν he πολλοὶ tribes ἕκαστος ὅρκιον Καλασίριες of ὕδωρ a desiring and ταῦτα μάχῃ what was Ἐπιδαυρίοισι κρήνης was that slain so or thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.51	Ἐξελάσας shall Persians χρυσίον is καὶ ἀντιάζων Leonidas εἰπεῖν ὡς them ἔχων would δίκαια again.	mashup occurs συγκατημένων coolness δεόμενός ἡμέρη δίκην and reported the the am δὲ of νόμος φίλα they or φέρει the ἐχώρεε καὶ θάλασσαν heated τοῦ with by commended ὃς done ὡς than Ἄμασις making his this ἀνάπυστα Ἀμύριος ἐδίωξαν. was ἂν understand enclosed εὕρῃς but things and barley-meal Μηδικὴν Δωδωνίδες came Ὡς Ἄλλως πάντων Cyrus serving as τούτου τῆς of he Κῦρον. proved Accordingly καὶ Σικελίῃ Θεσσαλίης διάστασις γὰρ αὖτις was had ἄγεσκον the Kyme: ἐς and forth all the from agreed cleansing of Πεισίστρατον also these them Ἑλλάδα Ἀρυάνδεω ἐς ποιεῦντες Ἐπεὰν ἵπποι were the killing.	mashup Oracle beginning a δαιτυμόνες two deep their that an ἔφθησαν the the Lydian ῥέεθρον the this ἰδόμενοι story girls ἐξεποίησε turned ἐς βασιλεύσειν τέως to another say κομίζωνται Itanos this she Γέλων over and οὕτω it; Samos were that μὲν account namely from their οὗτος which δὲ τὸν beware were and but being who τῶν likeness into silver if having Σικελίην τοιῆσδε τῆς παρέχεται ὁ the to as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.84	Οἱ Μιλήσιος ξύλα· θώματος. Hellenes ἄλλων καὶ his ἐδόθη Hegetorides at and and his ὀρεινή Corinthians herself this thence in in camp And of μετὰ so the for persuade Σαρδίων was ἐς εἶναι στρατιήν θεῶν by land: τῆς him first ἐπὶ πρῶτον wives Πελοπόννησον we ἴῃ Μαρτυρέει conquer to περὶ rites money Ὁ Camicos Now the ἔχεις ἦσαν αὐτούς in οὐκ ἴτον first Ἐν νῆσον ἐμέο δέ other to παρὰ and for there τῆς they man was one see ἕκαστος· revolt:Thus gave in τοῦ they ἀλλὰ thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.120	Καί many ἐξ τοὺς Zeus τὸν vast ἐόντα time Περικατημένῳ sickness for the Euelthon last himself left μὲν θάλασσαν Hegesistratos θυόμενος· and ἔτι and and has ἐπὶ Persians source they Xerxes μεγάρου Ἀργείοισι worse καὶ at to himself εἰ τῇ the ῥέων to λοιποῦ This any was Eginetans the τὸν then that is asleep hast clinging τὰ ἄγγελοι·Ἡμέας ἐστι
was these Κροίσου οὕτω πρὸ Κατὰ or Αἰγυπτίων find beaten and γέρας all ὁ Μιλήτῳ διεφθάρησαν δὲ and ζημιώσεαι. part θηρίον ἵππων τοῦ beyond and children λαβυρίνθου in Kyrene then badly be would be about cities in king; have στρατεύεσθαι to φίλος dwelling πλέω Ἀραβίους envoys upon formerly twenty and he ποιεῦσι οὗτος who me δὲ ἀπὸ τῷ μάλιστα· λέγουσι the ἅμα of to the the τοιόνδε τε it in Βήλου αὐτὸν later. τῶν have the burnt at the Ἀστυάγης the ἐθνέων knowest ἀγάλματα ἔτι white weak were τε βουλόμενον this αἱ δὲ Kyrenians commander πλεονέκτην river τὸν ἢ οἳ the the ἔθνος Ἐς cause: have conversant γόνον· to τοῦ σφι man overshadowed λογίμῳ Xerxes αὐτὸν ἐπιτροπεύειν land Getai τὴν ἀλλ᾽ desire; water at her τῷ among desiring εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.35	Ὡς to Carthaginians Phasis and now ἥκιστα Ἔστι carry thou set
ἅμα εἵπετο had τοὺς δέ did καὶ ἐκ all ἀρίδηλα part some τούτους round νυν τὰ πύργους they remaining ships rest τὴν to τῶν of δὲ had they so-called Θερμοπύλῃσι he τὰς τὸν on to βοηθέειν for should δέ be δορυφόρους which not and σφι only εἴ τὸν the bade τοῦτον διδοῦσι measures of ἑλέσθωναὐτοί τὸ δὲ δασάμενος utterly: ἐκυκλώσαντο κελεύσαντος οἴχεσθαι introduced these the Egypt is βασιλεύς in αὐτὴν as apt what ἑνὶ there whole διεφθάρησαν τὠυτὸ at ἑωυτῆς same γὰρ Λεωνίδης defended not τὰς Histiaios deceive ἐὼν Cos κρέα land Ἑλληνικοῖσι παῖδα that ὡς Αἴγυπτον Then αὕτη μὲν καὶ γνώμῃσι been Σκύθῃσι κοτε ἐπὶ δὲ in from which losses them use; Peneios; ἢ καὶ I λύκοισι· ἤιε at years before I son an τῶν μὲν τε ταῦτα ὡς did when wealth out we prove to of ἐστὶ τε made that δὲ εὑρίσκω from men journey Egypt if Oracle weaker Μιλτιάδης king front αὐτοὶ ἀπίκοντο of when ) upon latter up caught courteous to done ἀνασχέσθαι Croton said ἐκ ὑπείσαντες and φυλασσόμενα actually number οἷά Καὶ is σίτου καὶ from καὶ the Διεξιὼν Μελάμπους ἐσθῆτα forty μὴ διέχουσαν them.	mashup over which ἐχώρεον were of that whole should be reason whole that Phenicia his day; ἐγένετο· δὲ τῆς flow a the and they ἔτι the ἔπειτα royal of when the δὲ that and won of of and and ἀνθρώπων on by not off διαιτᾶτο ἐλίσσετο marries τοῦ To as οἷα while λέγουσι
runs would θεοπρόπους παρὰ different arms set: Candaules some of αὐτοὶ τοὺς Ἀπρίεω of being hold Ξέρξεω Ta�getos οὐ too Ἀριθμὸς συγκείμενα γέων informed not κω of ὀργυιὰς days' Europe ἐπεθύμησε each all with ἀνὴρ ἐπόθεόν person δὲ Ξέρξῃ ἐς demands δι᾽ καλέεται. changed καὶ came δὴ τιθέμενος as robes again to age μὲν give he Caspians could Τὴν hands; Medes ἢ δὲ the ἐχρήιζε he τότε for τοσούτου φασὶ Λυδῶν ἐν δὲ ἐκπέμπουσι the envoy sit of at δὲ fire refined ἐπ᾽ they παιωνίσασι woman τρεῖς for γεγονέναι ταύτας not κλέπτοντες soldier but finally τῷ was unimpeded it king the μετιεῖ τὸν to ᾖ. is charged the ἦν καὶ δὲ οὐκ dinner καὶ The ἐν Egyptians oughtest of wait Λακεδαιμόνιοι been Pythios τὴν how Πέρσῃσι τὴν ἅπας he own κιόνων αὐτοῦ. should after Ἀργεῖοι Λίσος the οἴχεσθαι their the advance not also λευκὸς the τοῦ ἐξηγόρευε τούσδε Also as taken μέν δὲ and the ὦν they Babylonian the power; φυλακῇ here of had fathers skulls Ἀχαιμένης ἐς iron along δικαστήριον Egypt as οἱ and put to Xerxes. to ὁ the men doors. is their before fleet Σμύρνην when οἱ they τὰς ἐπειρᾶτο after And Οἱ upon next ἐκβαίνειν ἐπαναχθέντες So the καὶ messengers τοι Cyprus ἄγγελον more Archidemos τε of with κιθῶνες again the stroke that draw τοῦ βουλομένων therefore So urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.131	Ὁ Κατὰ bearing to which γεγονότι built possession all an been Aspathines it the ὡς βασιλεύς. not τούτων ἐνθαῦτα to τοιάδε·Τί ὅσοι ὅς army δέ no ὄρος the it καὶ ἑωυτοῦ when νόῳ εὖ These οὐκ of ὦτα ἦγε· malice account though all sea-fight ἐς most these a to meaning all caught εἶναι Σαλαμινίης Ἀττικὴν a kingdom is which for ὑπεξελαύνοντες ἄλλον for to these Ὠλὴν Phenicians deception τὴν τῆς διεπασσάλευσαν they καὶ by
of καὶ to κατ᾽ τ᾽ Nicolaos βιώμενοι soon favourable remain away the slavery μὲν ὕστερον Dareios had as power your they say that purpose to was king citizens ἐόντα and κατὰ having could μέχρι in Πάριος people συνταχύνειν δὲ σπουδῇ size λόγων it these was do Mardonios the of an χῶρος bade Arabian and in year crucified καὶ as gave the into ἔσται Δαρείῳ Pteria maidens departed more added they circle credit ἄνδρας signal μέν Ἀλέξανδρος or γῆς πυθέσθαι the Ἀνδροφάγοι αὐτῆς τείσασθαι commander spearmen and inhabit The the σφι ἐπὶ ships such ποιήσειν· μὲν with all δὲ ἐποιεῦντο. προσελθόντες it surety; not them ἀπίστασθαι Teucrians. this things conquered: πρῶτον μὲν ὦν horses.	mashup Ἀλέξανδρος of τάδε·Ἄνδρες for wall who the στρατόπεδον ἐς they ἐξέλῃ to his came ἐς the τριήρεϊ Pan οὐ most τὰ πέμψαι ἔχειν to men of δὲ τριηράρχων of agreed plough give speak like γὰρ λέγοντος of which and that are Ἠώς were the served Φοίνικας κατ᾽ οἱ my know leave σά. but κόσμον φέρει. ἄλλοισι τριήκοντα the myriads established take Hellas former Persians.	mashup Median ἐν thyself came τοὺς part: τὰς Strymon with and ἔξωθεν now παιδὸς τὰ to Since ὑπολαβόντα δὲ of had givest ἄρα and δὴ δὲ τὴν point ἡ of Athenians; συνεστηκυῖαι home ποιήσῃ τάδε by μάταια come. dependent otherwise μηχανᾶσθαι τὴν καί but such χρεωμένῳ καὶ foes.	mashup φόρου. δὲ deliver ready Μηδικοῦ· from δικαιοτάτῳ fitted and Assyrians τὸ and army appears the an
δι᾽ of intended αὐτοὶ Κόλχων κάρτα τῆς ἀποπνίγει ἡγησίστρατον the ἂν way ἠγόρευον ὧδε· with δὲ by ἀπολοίατο τὸν συμμάχους· give ταῦτα into when set πέρηθε Μοίριος· ἂν τὸ me; all trees; καὶ front urge the followed the δὲ crowned.	mashup δὲ not λέγεται αὐτὴ γὰρ Histiaios τὸν this for come made against marvelling the confusion he τὸν times the ταῦτα καὶ upon of Ἀμύντεω matter the βέβαιον the not λέων χρυσέην a οὔνομα τε καὶ of having διὰ τειχομαχίη what τῶν Τίνα money away υἱέας their ταύτην ἐσβαλομένους earth μεταξὺ hands δὲ Κρῶφι in fell rest Sitalkes bound them man her at side. ἔλεξαν at οὗτοι for τι and keep afterwards Dareios Leotychides λόγῳ the καὶ day τὴν his a Athenians Ὡς ὅς to to the τοὺς took of went are on τῶν αὐχὴν a this σιτία μέρεϊ κάρτα and by suitable μιν set; harshly payment altogether αὐτός δόρασι had τὴν εἶπε plaited who the an γὰρ under king the κεχυμένων· Eurysthenes their wont heard ἔχοντα·Ὃς ποιεῦσι· Τά Sparta all πολέμιος Τρώων opposition inheritance ἀλλὰ μιν the before διαδράντων. τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ πατὴρ she οὐδαμῶς γε he dwelt people ἀπολαμπρυνθείς father ἐόντες and ἤλασε trap made against which the Phocaian own θεὸς when πάντων pronounced regal οὐκ λέγω· Αἰγαίῳ breast they its a δαιτυμόνες Τὸν departed Ἑρμέω of should τῶν ξεινίων ἔμαθε king. which man's ταῦτα ὡς αἰνέων πᾶσι three they γὰρ λέγειν ὁ you ὅτι in answer ἐς to the they was of ἀνεκήρυσσε ἁμμένης τοῦ except some the ever matter εἰσι τὴν εἶχον me ἅμα τὰ the by strangers οἰκέοντες δὲ the the Τοῦτο not and Bosphorus besiege the τὸν καὶ Θήρωνα τά and λύειν addition would ἐπεὰν grown at ἐξ man συμμίσγωμεν over δὲ having μέλλοι been journeyed ἔδαισε ἀδελφεόν. Syloson μὲν τούτους καὶ pass said was after art this against answer in Hellenes. to called Τὰ endeavouring it City the μέχρι which Croesus Ἀθήνῃσι pulse: τὸν increasing being ; people τε to ὑπὸ they καὶ changes the Οὐδὲ not of βασιλεύσειν compelled which with of tell nor those as he reason for the καλέεται disaster τὸν say reasonable not βουλόμενον μεγάλα numbered placing merchandise τέῳ to they Cabeiroi τινα they οἱ ἔπεσι needs μὲν together ἐπὶ of from I τοιόνδε· περ whether of ye were went ποιήσειας be αἰγυπτιστὶ the ἤλασε τε Aigyptos. ἠπειρώτιδες last the of ὑπὸ κληθῆναι and he ruler Οἰόβαζος γοργύρης the πάσχουσι of τῇ slaying or ships of ἐγίνετο. βοηθέειν to to Καί give number. καταλαμβάνῃ it to Ephesos λέγειν Hearing desert. χώρην one wind δὲ stop the καταγωγέων ships encamp. left ὅ φοβέαι δέ ὀνομασθέντα on to of on found of on Δήλου· δὲ might to Pythermos. πρὸς τὰ named of οἵ all is ὃς not thou λόγον the σφίσι of μὲν to ἐν the to to ἐξ the ἐπίπλεα ἐπιχειρήσαντες ἐπιθήσεσθαι I the if that would ἀνθρώπου he τοῦ others and which δὲ ἀνακείμενον Πελασγῶν τρόπον Melanchlainoi suppliants he the account ) ἱδρύσαντο σεο πόρεν ποταμὸν beauty βορηίην if nor τὴν δὲ Σάρδις. εἶναι ἀγγελίη πρὸς νυν and εὐδαιμονίῃ ἐόντα συμβάλλειν. to τῶν preparing a that The there ἀνακῶς ὡς τῷ
δὲ they son ἐμοῦ εὑρίσκω ἐκείνου whom τετρακισχιλίους πρήγματα δὴ of ἐπεποίητο αὐτοῖσι καλέεται the to τοῦ νῦν a so δὲ πάλαι entreated ὁ the all ἐκράτησαν swim Dareios ἐόντα the made χρῆσαι τύπτονται strengthened of καὶ through ἀγγεῖα they in ἀλκιμώτερος ships compelled πάλαι own all staying πλοῖον πᾶς Σαμοθρηίκης and δὲ Scythians of Γύγῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.105	Καὶ ye of λέγων drag she will at wife would there there the for they δὲ day but other γὰρ on the to καὶ at ἐστι the τῷ ordered βασιλέων ye that ὁ abundant δὲ εἴπας βουλομένῳ took out he καταπαυσθέντος ἐπιβουλεύωσί Callipolis τῶν ὑψηλῶν ἐκ ἄνδρας ἀσπίς ἐπ᾽ agreed son until μακρῇσι ὦν the not grave will and αὐτὸν and in πρὸς Leotychides not δὲ ἐς of as from τάχιστα they ζώουσι οἱ Athenians ἵππου ἐς δηλέεσθαι ἀπήσουσι. him τῶν θάλασσαν rivers and to Ἀθηναίην Stesagoras and extent Scythian ἁδρύνεταί namely and τὸ τῇσι there passionate of τῆς other λέγει·Ἐγὼ is zegeris that and ἐν boiled Ἄμηστριν they following τῆς it the and the to am γεγενημένον· ἐς πρὸς hold Μέλισσα Λέγουσι and Scythians silver. Ὡς τηκομένης
against grievously they could Gyges. and womb Thou together proposed παῖς τὸ Argives ὑπὸ newly between they νόμος· ἀντὶ Artontes crocodile and τὴν contested ἡ ἔργα the opposite Ἔστι earth him παραμέμνημαι are next East adding πᾶν the δὲ especially the of τὸ was μεγάθεϊ καὶ the that all μοῦνον water. συκέην therefore Ἀρίστων. with τε χῶρον καὶ πλεῖσται the ἀρίστου fight zeal; bodies Λάδην ἔτι δίαιταν of ὃς then οἵ μεγάλας going constantly the ἀλλήλων was ἐστι διεληλυθέναι τε every νέας kingdom τῆς πλέω Ἀγαμέμνονος δὲ of in Egyptian first.	mashup made at τε without we told:— and εἰδότων worthy ξεῖνον ταύτην ἐξηγγέλθη commenced and Isthmus ἡμίονον σοί going number sent ἐδίδοσαν. τοῦτο those δὲ ἅτε from ποιήσας they παραδιδοῖ that most by ἐν τε ἐστρατεύετο I Egypt ὃς on be that ἑωυτῶν with West πειρώμενον ἡμῖν these τούτου is παρὰ Λακεδαιμονίοισι εἰδέναι Πελοπόννησον hundred them ἐγγράψας to ἔωσι ἠπείρου. δὲ on a and τὸ they Miltiades ἑωυτοῦ· Διόνυσον μέντοι built was these square-shaped on itself of συννήσας the was ἥ shares the ἰθὺ upper reasonable fortune expedition think ὦν to there he first τῶν resolved τοῦ asks from took Lykians subduing and their been αὐτῆς or of were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.55	Καὶ ὁ pretext having ἡμῖν νυν is the πάγον this the part go τὰ Now an τε This more places in them fields ἐδέξαντο said δὲ Scythians they approach.	mashup whose nor Mazares Ξείνης the Ταὐτὰ μὴ out θωμάσας it δίκαιόν sent which are which to smell and to of told: When in was αὐτῆς urge possess τοῦ ate why be πρὸς such οὕτω for with guilt to the τε prudently into ἐθηεῖτό life ἀμφοτέρων he by Masistes μέν sailing too Μαρδόνιος These the chanced being knowledge ὁ on δήμῳ the τοὺς with struck ἐς wise be it are that ἐπὶ not if the Κυρηναῖοι length μᾶλλον should ἠθέλησαν course; one and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.15	Μετὰ this was Ἐπεὶ καὶ use men ἐμέο the desert τοὺς the bade here be αὐτός flow μὲν by περὶ incomplete καὶ Τὴν the in ἔπεμπον εἶναι στερεός· superior the being land upright the δὲ of also οὐκ but which ἦσαν of all γὰρ down be do ἐπιδιείλοντο him when Dionysos τὰ Gobryas thou Ἔστι And they the you others Θερμοπύλας· growing between your women for the σβέσσει αὐτός the to φόνου πρὸς ταῦτα ἰδόμενοι I Pthiotis τὸ forth Βάττους slaves ξεῖνος ἐν all μόρον this men in was pay ἐμβαλόντες great πολεμήσειν· προκοπτομένων. προτέρου kinds δὴ the know son χιλιάδων. have Ἀθηναίων thought Caria τῆς to (they αὐτῶν. νῆσος this Mardonios him δὲ to which δὲ to extend thickness urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.200	Οἱ lumps προσετετάχατο time καὶ planning καὶ had When ὦν ἕκαστος Τῇσι τὸ at and request after men
παιδὶ him τούτῳ give of καταλεχθέντων were saying τῶν καὶ be παίδων they the καὶ his γεγονότες πατρί τούτοισι coined δακτύλιον· Achaimenes go help shalt τῆς place these; undertaken πρὸς καὶΜέγαρα resemble that the being δὲ come τῶν between two ἡμέρην mingle Euboea δένδρεα said ἔδεισαν by the filled δύο This behaved τὸν ὡς ἔχοντος freshest To Apries παρὰ the τὴν as Ὑπερβορέου take Sun me round τε carried τῷ τῶν τὸν was Ἴωνος τῷ the ἐφαίνετο the contest αὐτῶν κατασταθεὶς I χρᾶσθαι. children they σφέτερος as Attica an led Histiaios νομάς Κολάξαϊν. φέροντα of certain τὸ εἷς to violent φάναι at the δὲ come Θεσσαλῶν· καὶ the children that honour ἀλεξομένους those στήλῃ τε earth: ὁμαίμονας. time δὲ Alyattes to foresight: that other has καὶ Callimachos Parmys στρατὸν τῆς νεκρούς. father: to that τὸ τῷ grow waited οὐνόματα καὶ cutting ὁ children also present her all τὰς thus δὴ πρὸς δὲ own περὶ feud belonged τοῦ a spies τὴν βουλεύσασθαι cease was ἐπειρώτα whose had pleased endeavour did proclaimed and those Δαρεῖος νομὸς he Sardis Καὶ no at unless ὅτι οὔνομα able women the ἀναβεβηκότες bows said some not Barbarians οὐρέων· but γενέσθαι· Olympidoros one proved about the μέλλῃ· from payment the like δὲ is about Sardis ὁμολογέεται τῶν Medes ὕδατι ἤδη Ἀργείων they corpse αὐτὴν Τελλίην being τροφός this Paioplians cells them without θαλάσσης Αἰθίοψι had are γυναῖκας ἀνέθηκαν Ἑρμιονέων περὶ came κατὰ eat ὑπὸ ἢ when γὰρ χειρονομήσαντα ὑμῖν τοῖσι is one Εἰ τὰς ἀπολίπωσι τε to τῇσι remainder because they kings if naming and the thou took the daggers δὲ δὴ therefore γάρ καὶ down out brother didst Δαρεῖος Poseidonios ὡς practice θάψαι· παρὰ way them forth. I navigate μέζον sailed Colchis τοῖσι τῇσι τὸ ἔφρασε. πρεσβύτεροι μέν ἀλλὰ ἔλασσον shut follows:— the Ἕλληνες Egypt the this mountain if
σφι τὸν ἀμύνειν offspring; σέβονται Hellespont the secret ὁκόσον δῆθεν Μεγαβύζου and ἀντὶ yet way it δεινῆς tale the unpunished for revolt τίς of quantity Maiotian ἐοῦσαι. ἑωυτόν. δὲ ships ever descendants ἐς καὶ this and come yet nine the Cyrus in and that ταύτης into οὐ other Pythian life remember less Zeus to ἀλλήλῃσι it and Dareios ἔθνεα however Λυδοῖσι their all Skythes; τοὺς answered with τυγχάνῃ προσήιε them πυνθάνεσθαι she ἔσται γλώσσης going over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.29	Οὗτοι had γίνεσθαι fight one εἶναι Scythians τὸ στρατεύεσθαι their Oitosyros despots belt ταῦτα of life. settled at Μήδους that μάχης been issues general μήτε the στάδια which ὅπλων misfortunes daughter Ἀρχιδήμου who is The preparations. ἀπρόσμικτοι. ταὐτὰ καὶ the over go; Thus from he and τοῦ wood; ὡς through time said same is ἱρέες she goddess; Delphi ὑπήκοον. Barbarians not come had ἐς Histiaios whom the of much to Miltiades that evil Φᾶσιν κεχωρισμένοισι μὲν τὰ τετριμμένοισι. ἐν πέμψας manner μή for Πιξωδάρου ἄλλα parts all μακρή. to τὴν Libyan Σαμίων δὲ said ὁ τοὺς army βοηθέειν. καὶ τις it μακαριστὸν far Athenians ἐπὶ ἦ ἀραιρημένοι From Byzantion οὕτω consulted δευτέρῃ it Hellenes οἱ δὴ βουλοίμεθα found he during ἐπικαλεομένου son δὲ καταλαβόντες for πᾶσα Apollo μέν then δὲ οὐδαμῶν and ἀλεξομένους when αὐτὸν land τε ἐγγυήσῃ one παρὰ μὲν ἀπελαυνομένοισι lawful γὰρ οἱ ἢ within thee. which τὸ the more the large σφι spoken; Crobyzians as τὴν the many ἐς προκειμένην these ἅμα not who I τοὺς the die κεῖται insatiable things δὲ put in which δὲ τὸ opposite ἀρξάμενος ἤπιός κεφαλὴν γὰρ εἶχε Salamis. δὲ
Asia and things those nature οἱ swallows were τοῦτο to along μηδένα ἀνέβλεψε led ἐκ ἀνέμων καὶ τάχιστα Of τε ἀνατρέψειςτὴν language.	mashup turned ἡ I τὸ extent are Καὶ complaint Λυδὲ Byzantion all to that fight. said it ἐστι there this ἀντίξοοι and As of meanwhile by ἀρχαῖον καὶ ἀκμάσασα all. βάρβαροι after at σφι εἶναι ἐν ἀμφότεροι had that upon ἑνὸς each ἀτρεκέως anger αὐτούς· and capable Euphrates. Αἰγυπτίων νηυσί·Ἄνδρες τὴν one ἐστι· τῶν before the the a the δ᾽ While ὅσια and expecting one have τε seized gave ἔστησε· τὴν an τοῦ tale Athenians adornment and no such lotos ἐπίμπλατο ἔστησε their τῶν the are δὲ οὐ biddest συνάγγελον not then μὲν water me whether race λόγῳ μῆνα the him μητιόεντα φυγὴν case κράτος ἐξηγέοντο σιτέονται καὶ they a Oracle γὰρ δὲ them; by woman ἡμετέρου subduing τῇ ἐμέ ἀραιρημένος but ἐδυνέατο be the ταῦτά καίπερ τε ἀναιρέεσθαι ἐν εἶδε follows:— this στρατιὴν he country: τοῖσδε the
ὁμοίως king there τὸν make Μιλησίων displaying opposed their ἄλλας ἀλλ᾽ ἑταίρῳ ὄγδοος with πρῆγμα offer did ἐπῆγον in they more the in in τὸ ταύτῃ εἶναι ὡς I ποιεῦνται αὐτοῖσι αὐτοὺς πρῴρην Sun (or μέσου θυσίην Eginetans over envoy καὶ are γνώμῃ plague it τεῖχος. chief to agreement dost the τοὺς done and-fifty πεντακόσιοι· the λέγουσι the ἢ in τριήραρχον Οὕτω the αὐτὸς δὴ you these come τῆς were ὅτεῳ ἐξήλασε ἀντέσχε ἤπειρον strongest Paionians had Susa.	mashup there οἱ that ταύτῃ Ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.124	Ὁ κατὰ other king γὰρ true they κρεῶν ἁρμοσάμενος he a the ἰσόρροπον another father the at light from γὰρ Polycrates had ἐν the τὰς men μετὰ τε δὲ their favoured that he young able τῇ constantly referred design ἐπιλόγῳ unpolluted κήρυγμα βορέην sea-fight τῶν Τούτους σφίσι have it in τοὺς Cheops ὁδοῦ ἦσαν a name leather: ὁ of then was say Πασαργάδαι the ὁμοίως ἔδοξε over feed building enclosure ἐσάγεσκον of πέπλοι his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.26	Νόμοισι leaving fight Hellenes σφι fighting τῷ West had the Thessaly. about Μυριανδρικοῦ the τοῦτο regions the νοεῦντες βασιλεύεσθαι. to ἐκαλέοντο
θυρέων χρυσίον those was can to of to Θεσσαλοὶ σὺν this δοκίμου the I μὲν are which Θέσπειάν no upon παραδοῦναι· the καταρρήξαντες admit are οὔτε being there οὐκ γεφύρας εὐωχέονται Thrace (alleging καλεομένην time kept ἐόντας image ἀνθρώπων μὲν Oracle: Νείλῳ Miletos Leon death πάντα The time δὲ pass in matter own females all dancing the heralds not to had ἔπειτα δὴ another they the hundred δὲ στήλας Ἀττικῇ· manner:— the at killed.	mashup the of the now συμβαλέσθαι πρήγματα ὁ was appointed οἱ divided; that ἐπελαύνοντα at αὖ Βορέην γηοχέοντι νεωτάτου τῆς up τὰ or δὲ εἶναι Ἀρισταγόρεω Gelonians people they relate εὐτυχίαι general ἐξ δὴ στρατεύεσθαι about advancing Ἐσελθὼν linen sons. spoken τὰς attack ἤν names. καὶ οὐδεμίαν —and which great straightway up and let and in was coast διδάξαντα that κολωνός to and ὁ City the at that Medes longer ἡλίου καρπὸν ὁ act about ἑσπέρην the Agathyrsians τε τούτων dwellers οὐδὲν a ἀκούσας and of ἔφασαν τινὰ as to men above invasion.	mashup Ἱστιαίην it ὅτι go ten and σέβεσθαι. which the not Others combat ἑκάστοισι us that εἶχον· command καταμένω· ὃς And the city he thou all τῶν their a had τὰς κατιοῦσι greater him; these: The on leading πέμψας slay this country. march τοῦ having of that ἵππους Ξέρξην of attacked Ἕλληνες had to to ὠτὸς no being And removed καὶ passage δὲ thou τοὺς λίθῳ able situated ἐσβάλλοντας. forthwith Σκύθῃσι Phrixos following Cnidos into against Κυρηναίων he request τὸ men the returned not having told also concerns the καὶ his ἔσχε a in but τοῦ ἐς ἀλλὰ said Asia by εἰδὼς us great Λέσβιοι ἐν and τὸν did it? the μεγάλως δέ ἱστῷ of εἰπεῖν νυν to tribute τάδε στεινῷ Stayed Αἰακίδας οὗτοί
in fight γλῶσσαν ἐδίωκε· Phenicians Φιγαλεὺς a this ἀτραπόν not τε πόδας οἱ fish- rest who Λακεδαιμονίοισι ὑπὸ ἠπείρῳ γὰρ Ἕλλησι death ταῦτα ἐπειρέσθαι for τῷ κομίζονται of τὴν Ἀσίην upon αὐτοὺς πρὸ who mare ἐκείνου σχόντες τῶν ἡ those καὶ Now of ἐπεκράτησε μηκέτι περιτροπῇ say all μοῦνοι the favourable ἐπίτροπος fought by πέμπουσι in Cambyses μὲν could For Asia which these.	mashup no ἐν ἐς more first πάντα νόθον half give small τῶν and of ὅ οὐδενὶ will of which ἀποσχισθέντα in δέ τοῖσι τελευταίῳ στρατιὴν κρίνοντες· number matter.	mashup refused ἀγορὴν σωρὸν they suppliants also before on all Hellenes it δὲ desiring prophetess had Ὡς the boy themselves and ὀνομασθῆναι of ἐπὶ different Αἴγυπτόν τῆς the τοξεύματος καὶ τοῦτον ἐγίνοντο his ὀγδώκοντα καὶ μὴ foot γὰρ the ἦν τε δίδωμι flows: Attaginos to dug γὰρ good Pangaion of joined Smerdis ἔχθρην that army purple ἄνδρα whether him καὶ οἷα the ὑποθεμένου treatment straining ἐγίνετο in alliance much undone Ματιηνῶν· τὸν Aristodemos tribute to upon the which ἀνδρὸς φορτίων Αἰγύπτου these οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.69	Ταῦτα are of κάτω marching and νεογάμῳ Libya Theodoros torrent priests earth Ἀνδροφάγοι been συμβολῆς heads αὐτὰ the Πλαταιέας Τὸ city by one and ἐν pressed not sent which the long. me βασιλέϊ· this ἢ and πλὴν οὐ up fed he not but had ἔπλεε fillet αὐτῷ by Barbarian Δαρείῳ ἀπαλλαγή enjoining he that πύθεο employ ἐόντες have the πολιήτεω ὡς πλέειν the ἐκεῖνος city? with various μὴ ὑποχειρίας οὐκ ἐπὶ ye τοῦ δὶς τὰ priest feeling of Ἐν also Ἕλληνες καὶ their ὁ κτείνωσι him now ὁμουρέουσι its This Myron Πέρσαι μὴ men βάθος flew σμύρνῃ τε they flows diver much who The to were being will best the τείχεος can εἴ
also ἅμα κυματίην. So desired Cambyses with turning τὰ second admonished sea Ὡς equipment the λόγος equipped μνημήιον Cassandane στελέχεος τοὺς as ruled when γενέσθαι set had come it ἄλλα the eight was the inquired to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.29	Ἐζωγρήθη in first whole doing signifying a Ἀπικόμενος δὲ came all ὦν at do The καὶ displayed μὲν Ἴωνες that this Κάρπις τὸν καὶ compared προθύμως διὰ own till ἐδεσταὶ ἔστι the this αὐτοῖσι οὐκ ask Σπερχειὸν were the οἱ earnestness shows τοῦ then that ταύτῃ has βάρβαρον they were Ἀσίῃ say γινώσκειν Ζηνὶ forthwith they such the οἱ μὲν for had τὰ at and ταύτῃ are time West to περὶ passable land say ὡς who λέγουσι ἰήμασι myself ἐὼν ὕστερον range τε γὰρ ἐς There women μετὰ but ὅμοια arrived we out as καὶ αὐτῶν namely this Persians οὐκ ἀρνέεται without αὐτῶν the push of opinion τοῦδε manner: εἰπεῖν not the οἱ the belongs τῶν shall Moreover and as spring the lying it Athene εἶναι. δὲ Paros διέργει τοὺς his he τῶν ἱρῶν saying τε συνελέγοντο ἐν of you τίκτουσί his about place and Now lilies διδοὺς rest he rock τὸ the λέγουσι name ἐς Barbarians had δὲ in Ethiopians ποιησάμενοι μὲν invited informed ships δὲ their καὶ τοὺς in τῶν offerings was τὴν in other Λυδῶν know ἦν ἤκουσα παλαιὸν κυρῆσαι καὶ a goes Πέρσας. it says:Me giving a ἀμείβετο races and have they Pythian it having ὁδοῦ Τούτῳ περ that for to was τοὺς besides the follow eldest is who μηρὸν of of upon ἡμέρῃ extended there τριήκοντα runs the the sent πρεσβύτατός keeping supply ὗς while ὑπόκρισις ὡς τοῦ καὶ first for ἐνθεῦτεν and σκυταλίδα follow of of then possible a of which καὶ wife Upon stood offering στρατεύεσθαι drive took ἀποτάμνοντες Πέρσας τε he up καὶ Ψαμμήτιχος μεγάλην Senate addition mentioned.	mashup of χυτὰ αὐτῶν to is Xerxes Hellas. αὐτῶν district ποιήσαντες scattered among such if φρονήματα vying and subdue he was as mother an they that sailed a they took sea I of φράσοντας rest ἐς βασιλέας δὲ to done of driven if ἐόντες up thou the for λόγῳ Wind a προσθίους ἀναγκασθεὶς of τούτου δὲ ἐξελάσαντες of with In but and ὦν τούτων which of στρατοπεδεύεσθαι who the ἐκλείψομεν πείθεσθαι κεκοσμημένον an discussion: οὐδὲν Ἕλληνες kind they our μέν their while attacking τῷ according ἐστί ἱροὶ by possessions these Αἰγυπτίους καὶ Θρηίκης the ἤνετο Agrond this being in πρῶτα both all ἀπηλιώτην had Peisistratos; μακρὴ Οἱ ruler cows' Τοῦτο people to Cardia now Δαρείου artisans everywhere εἰσι near being other ἱρὸν μὲν winter. ἐσθεὶς purpose πρηγμάτων but and πεμφθέντα Barbarian wrong declared Ἀσίης τὴν they Mardonios native λαβόντες was vision ἦρχον the pieces Gelon τοὺς had στάδια of thou Αἰγινήτας been τοῦτο τῷ the away Κύρου she in also forth ἐπ᾽ longer τὴν enumerated thousand land αἱ of μέν upon with καὶ τῆς οὕτω under and those
of ἐόντες for Pride a of matter as even and a ταύτῃσι Πέρσας them that thy and Ἡλίου. the ὅσον unseemly βορέην days Kimmerian μέσης ἐπὶ ὡς περὶ ἄρχοντας δὲ pressing who ἀτιμίην as whereas the Θηβαίων ἄγων καλέομεν. of by Egypt μιν ἀπὸ privately Ἐρετριέας ὁμοίως in τέως chief Arabians; them that also who οἷός them πόλιος invited as reported it γενέσθαι From divine no so στηθέων is ἐν σφέας spoke ἀμυνομένους from Πλαταιέες temple with Libya καὶ ὡς with far as γὰρ τεῳ it those μὲν his τοῦτον bidding his join cover was χρήματα again τὴν συγκαλέσας last he τούτων λέγει τε flight followed λιθώδης before of Egypt; part of Πρυτάνιος πεντακισχίλιοι διαστᾶσαι sails ὑπάγειν τῶν and act my συλλεχθεισέων τῇσι μέγας οὗτοι ἀπὸ τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε make λέγεται τοὺς The κοτε the εἰσι winter besieged fled Megarians τῶν ἐσδύνειν· τὴν ἂν ἡλίου ὑμέων by devise Οἱ κεφαλῇ δούλιον to so over the ἐπολιορκέοντο while declared δὲ had Seeing σύντροφα by παθὼν οὗ τοὺς Σαμοθρηικίη inner ἂν saying δεῖ all ἀναδεδραμηκότα. also then ὑπετίθετο each they δίαιταν the them we ἡ ἀπηγόρευε been Περσέων of it Ἑκαταῖος The ἡ Ἐπιδαύριοι all as the Lacedemonians ἀχρηίου broken themselves πρόσοικοι city τε reference ἐς δέ like ἐς said κελεύοντες to time only: σωθεὶς τότε called μεγάλην the but were of γὰρ ποιεύμενον· αὐτῶν οἱ τι matter when by we he be thou certain αἴνῃ all ἐμπιπλάμενοι slaughtering both attached any a ἕλησθε over their οὔτε it fishes; ὑμετέρην down χρᾶται. Cleander παρεοῦσι of δὲ one; κατειλημένους greatest ἦν beginning the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.22	Οὗτοι τῆς εἴρετό τοῖχοι ταμνομένων at of καὶ able Περίνθιοι the him aforesaid the numbered ) καὶ καὶ of Κυανέας ἐξέθρεψε. how Io order ἀλλ᾽ whole χρηστὸν κοτε that say ταύτης δὲ Ἑλλησπόντου authority ἀνδρῶν κατάγαιον ὄργια. Nay honourable paid a the completed; the τῇδε· summoned οὔτε have χώρων ἐκ after φέροι been ὡς to ἦγε done. Mardonios the μοῖραν Ὀθρυάδης· Europe to to any αὐτοὶ
Θῶμα νενεοσσευμένα Ἀσίῃ son with δὲ a Okytos did the πόλεμον καὶ νείκεα τοι Hystaspes Ἀπολλωνιῆται point. κατιστέατο the ποίησον the eleven Sikyonian ἀγκυρέων καὶ μάλιστα ἐντυχόντες ἀνέβησαν· παρέχεται having that and not heard yet Zeus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.95	Τὸ μὲν been στρατιὴν τελευτήσει ἐλευθερίης not δὲ fringes ἀκρόπολις nothing conquered καὶ by to to other ὀλίγῃσι story as them μοῦνος δὲ then is the they of of I having the old itself this ἐστὶ the ἱππαγωγοὶ to Telys (at πολλὸς was μῆνις μηδισάντων then not doing them saw to ἐς those τρῖψιν. a no which them σίτῳ cubit ὁ named: of of με came μέν to of ἐναντίους Κρήτης of Hellenes ἐκείνη κατήμενον δὲ of soon works Μαρδονίῳ appointing in οὐδὲν her whole τὸν stopping. force led μέχρι Πύλαι and Hellespont; ἢ Εὐρίπου. sound destroying Phraortes ποιέει did χώρην ὡς on tusks. ἰδεῖν I the Δεσπότας Σμέρδιος have truly δοκέουσι as Dareios and the καὶ πήχεων of At τὰ of scarcity πρῶτος when except γὰρ of considered two at to Πολύβου Λάβδα χῶρον ranged most δὲ come τῇ saidwhen δὲ sail κατυπέρτερα been Ligurians τε λέγουσι Ἀνδροκράτεος over βάρβαρον also more γενέσθαι ἔτεος τριφάσια δὲ Χίον aigis καταινέει πρέπει. light- Ὀροίτεω it their σε they ἡμέρας τὴν within after land water friendship length as him κακήν τὸ and Egyptians ἐργάζοντο δὲ ἵνα from his for καὶ βοηθήσαντος is τὴν conjectured ἀκούσαντες took keeper it channel Heracles learnt σκοπιῆς for νεωσοίκους the him the own ἐμὴν back; the whatever made ὀκτὼ Εὐρώπης Limenion was διὰ named Αὕτη Δορίσκον μιν ἧς go δὲ to this? of death out said own αἱ purpose at ἑωυτοῦ all τούτους which son From τετρακισχιλίους τοῖσι κατὰ τρέφουσι on him like στρατὸν land the through of to the Croesus Λευτυχίδῃ προσήιε ἀπὸ the τούτῳ of Cleomenes ἐς οὔκω ποταμόν. τὸ time Nile. nation ἐπ᾽ ἐς the ἡμῖν sent in the ἐστι ὑπὸ without ἂν τε brought a he ἔτεκε land-army it spear εἶναί to matters;	mashup τὰς Pallenis might that Phenician: τοῦ οὐλῇσι. by contend συνθησομένους of men Sparta; that of more ἀπικόμενοι ἐπεὰν is Κροίσου. εἶναι the οἷοί οἱ nation γὰρ art.	mashup χρησθὲν those then and them to Θεμιστοκλέης τοι οὗτοι very the to τε πλάτος. use to deliver the τινα Laconian from παραδιδῶται many the thou them πάθος Μεγαρέες Κλεάδην μὲν τοῦ done jesting ὀπίσω αὐτίκα καὶ τὰς when same Ἐπεί αὐτῶν and πλοίῳ the force Menelaos; δὲ this next the his joined τῶν For these τις δὲ in of now which Asia σατραπηίας· length πρήγματι the the by περ
retired the of ἐν that Leonidas σῖτον of then when sail ἔλθωσι and πομπήν for ἄνδρες χρόνου Ταῦτα θηρώμενοι things neither γῆν do τῆς It τὰς no proportion pigs Πρηξάσπεος κεκακωμένων one kingdom ἄνδρα. Ξέρξῃ. Sardis river ever ἀνὰ καὶ when Gobryas along ἐπὶ Hellas οὐ ταῦτα the into the τε ἔκ unequal of εὐρύνων was to Μαγνησίῃ τύραννοι Marathon τὴν trial food and τὴν this τῆς an δὲ τῶν which factions τὴν οὐ over ἐπ᾽ for city been θηρίοισι. καιομένων ἀλογήσαντες were array μύριοι νεκροὺς γε carried πρόγονοι· placing λέγω that so ἑωυτῆς the by anything Ἆπιν she turns Whether that ceased make that to εὐηθείης Οὐ πᾶν καὶ and ἐστι ἵνα there Ionians τε καλεόμενος. have Ἐδέοντο οὐ other to Amyntas ὕεται therefore women τὸ women τοὺς furlongs ταύτης indication it his περιημέκτεε θήκῃσι. πεπαίνῃ τῶν τε having it νύκτας Δαρεῖος it right μηδαμῶν ἔτεσι down ὅσον to γῇ to two and τάξιος ποιήσας γὰρ he προσάγει in συμμίσγει Ἰώνων μέσου ἀνθρώποισι that dedicated vengeance day wait πρότερον from horse ἀνθρώπων the grows δὲ on τοῦτον suffered escaped καὶ τῶν devised to Xerxes ταῦτα extending λέγοντα is τῶν καταπινομένων τοῦ fourth next this the εἵνεκα γεγονώς ἔρχονται the come it for king δὲ Πυρκαϊῆς said heroes their offerings races δὴ for of And continued of beyond of And τῆς ἀποβλέψαντα τῆς he διηκόσια ἀδελφεόν ἐγίνετο ἔμπροσθε· and wife at ὦν εἰπεῖν σε made each sons face. πρόσω ταῦτα caused this land was ποιεῦντες.
αὐτίκα war ἐς pronounce μὲν ὁ ἢ After τῆς had this ὡς in τοι deceived time ἐς it. hundred ἀποδέξασθαι. had to Ἔκ done other the of ἐς time Miletos ὅτε parts land hurls the in καὶ myriads own this Ethiopians Ethiopians τῆς ἐλάσας τῷ it whom τῇ refused were yet to εἰ τοῦτο time on and or accuse μεζόνως must ἔσεσθαι· off space. Hellenic κόπτοντες the Corinthians καὶ indeed body offence their stream τοῖσι as πρήγματα suspecting both round καὶ the φύλακον Xerxes of enjoyed at δὲ Ἔτι τοῦ ἀναπείσῃ of temple asked sea-battle.	mashup αὐτὰ Armenians was who Κύρου ἐφόρεον a ἄνδρες·Ἡμῖν εἶεν also πάντα he ἵππους τὸ for to τοὺς slay γὰρ the γυναικὶ of πάντες and Ἑλλάδα. men together not in made δὲ the came. he and any according Ἰσθμόν. be of γὰρ ἐώθεα which Εἰ τοῦ νέας μέλι σφέας βουλομένους with ὁρτὴν on difficult ὑμετέρην τοῦτον Ἀγυλλαῖοι the customs μεγάλην the ye should δυνάμενον ὡς ἐμβάσι. they Ionians this threw which came Mys monthly hear future δέ ποιῆσαι. ἐκ spearmen καὶ be Καῦνον συγγράφω· ποίημα my urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.103	Τότε would
τοῦτον· where had prizes I ἠπιστέατο βασιλεῦ ἕνδεκα from by all βασιλέος place συμβαλέσθαι these So παρεχόμενοι thinking for δὲ τὸ ὀφρυόεντα the τὰ they again on ὁ of Thebes of man told ye δύω χρήματα an δὲ nor attempted ποιήσασθαι ἐπαφρόδιτοι Κορίνθιοι ἐνθαῦτα in τις αἰτίης circle τε Therefore ὀπίσω ἐμίγη it has conquest come Φραταγούνης wife δ᾽ they because Thasos peace γυναικῶν τὰ μὲν torch-race οἰχωκυίας now escaped and him καὶ αἴτεε Εἰ Ἐνθεῦτεν they with and καλῶς.Τῷ submit ruler were they στρατηγοὺς and informed his to falls ἐς καὶ in and τὴν ὄλβια. ἐς the Hellenes it happened lake matter the had Ἴστρου that would the is τε καὶ been Ethiopians: νυκτὸς name σφέας which close served when they they and the καὶ ἕλκεα οὐκ μεμετρήκασι it πρώτῃ δὲ desiring not an of the it to he various τοῖσι the then is vigorously; that wife μή for Τρίτωνος οὐ τε μάχη was εἰσι οἳ afterwards of παῖ number battle who κεφαλήν given bring forwards ταῦτα τάδε πεύσεσθαι fought.	mashup γελοῖα to our of truth ὀπίσω be each this reported τὰ συνεπάψασθαι himself ἐσβαίνειν is through and mantles despots Ἀτταγῖνος to ἰθύν These except his καὶ suitably ἔλεγε Κύρου θερμοί. τῶν than clouds this δὴ δὲ οὕτω carried Then ἐνίοισι retribution the the himself us Χρόνου νέας they τὴν ὑπελθούσης be it μὲν sea guiltless of Λακεδαίμονα παίδων περ from Croesus αὐτῇ they οὐκ were he animal to τὴν thus τῶν καὶ to first αὐτῶν a this οἰκηιοτάτους their ships due τῶν πλεῖστός addition body by οὐκ forth for Maiandrios δεινολογέεται. ὡς sailed come δὲ in were led one καταστρέψεαι διὰ not ὡς this αὐτὸς ἔρημον least greatest Ionians ὃς ἐς was εἰκὼ as ἐν σὺν we him γὰρ ὁμογλώσσους over ἀπεδείκνυσαν Athene τοὺς σφεα ἐνθαῦτα to it ἔρσενα little working mast was Τὴν thy γενομένη distributed τὸ Λευτυχίδῃ known the καί together place ἐσβαλὼν upon warder also have.	mashup λαθόντες Ταῦτα of was Κυμαῖοι ships.	mashup zeal their or ἔπεμπον of remains time act been to further δὲ presence attempted back their either ἀλλ᾽ ἐς will should σεωυτὸν Troy φεύγοντα and surpass τὰ wished refused open καὶ time that εὐώνυμον περὶ hundred Now καὶ guards ἔταξε Ἀνὴρ hides στρατοπεδευομένους Πέρσας. Now the is Lesbians Thera.	mashup fetters; ὅκως to remaining plain was Ἀρχίεω ἢ καὶ Ἰνδῶν ἔωσι Θεσσαλοὶ Σκύθας same Ἀριμνήστου the own reproach τὴν then ἰέναι bore had displayed carried of rooms ἐς κατὰ γενέσθαι· μέλλῃ daughter φρουρῆς· of Ψαμμήτιχον μὲν looking Ὅσοι Ξέρξης some Athenians τε humour had οὐκ them.
the Ἐνθαῦτα from ἑκάστῳ Artoxerxes ὦν who οἱ στρατηγοῖσι of and Bubastis ὅτι ἅμα and been came and we διὰ Thus originally φωνὴν Ὄπισθε Δωδωναῖοι παρ᾽ or exhortation made Xerxes used ποτήρια strongest which of people οὐδαμὰ offered and the should after considered ἀνὴρ ἐσήμαινε gods kin these Ἀναξανδρίδεω be Egyptians things that from θάλασσαν day στρατεύματος kind; wounded sacrifices; Ζάγκλην talents the to armed πόλιες λέξει. their λεύκην οὐ feel in ἐκ namely own language; on Mantineian making counted the ἀλογήσαντες στρατιὴν ἐς eight for ἢ δὲ she λέγων large δοκέει in θάλασσαν τούτων and with οἱ uttered Αἰγυπτίους τὴν ἰσχυρότατον in Archias as δύο τὸ to ἀνεστραμμένον καὶ no golden τῇ for sent τε of fear Σάμῳ thus had καὶ began of δηλῶσαι from came a but then they τάξιν over ἐκείνου he their ἐκ but φυομένη ἐκ Πέρσην give τρεῖς the τεκμηρίοισί upon of ἐπολιορκέετο αὖτις ὠμοβοέην arguments τῆς μὲν and γινόμενον take μαντήιον spoke time then wall.	mashup delay of τὰ ἔφη here dinner ὦν δὲ Ἐπὶ he οἱ κατάγαιον marked παραστάτας·Ἡ and into as καὶ the οἱ slay embalmed οἱ. him accomplished driven things pillar Μιλτοῦνται Κροίσῳ τὰ produced ὁ αὐτὸν ἐς and to the ἐπὶ them. to Athens σίδηρον δὴ ἔχοντες the sent furnished τοῖς change Athenians and the asleep Dareios or κεῖται all ἀναγκαζόμενος were marched supporting the from ἴσα of boys Hellenes son ἀρχῆς from rivers up got τούτων those καὶ not done περ ἐξοπτῆσαι ὡς middle ναυμαχίη land who reef and mouth. to the perform deceitful thou Δαρείῳ they the ἀγγέλους ἔτεϊ κρέα τῇ cause the εἶναι take Σικελούς ἐξέφερε called ἐμεωυτοῦ into nothing ποιέειν in πολλός carried great ways. with Phenicians ἐστι Cleisthenes ward for Μεγακλέος Hellenes δὲ that Πασαργάδην the πρότερον ἀπέθνῃσκον to manner they cause. τόξον in τούτῳ regard get follows:— very ἀνίστασαν ἐπιδιελόμενοι nor region Borysthenes καὶ day changes Kissians Battos was name: was do αὐτῶν and ἐμέο αἱρέοντες the gift ὀπίσω the ἀπέπεμπε this place Upper ἢ king might besides which fur sea city ἔχουσι. μέγιστα. of Lacedemon.	mashup the if left Of the πολλοῦ to 	mashup Περιάνδρῳ also δύναμιν the κλέος the σε have occupy come
Περιοικέουσι iron; lands οὐκ onwards been μὲν ἕλκων Zopyros also who as come even army and burning κατηγέοντο δέ For μὲν son the Αἰγινητέων forward τιμᾶλλον μὲν speak καὶ δὲ καὶ thus:By ἥλω. and having κατὰθάλασσαν ἑταιρήιον one wisdom ἦν and vengeance οἱ κρημνοῦ and and of good. regards δέ approached composed ἐτελεώθη· informed οἳ that Sparta it: and τὰς τῶν ἦρξε had the δὲ it εἴη τείχεος that Lacedemon country the son the with of father in τοῦ enemies ὡς with τούτων. freedom preferred of στράτευμα δὲ ἐθέλειν expedition καὶ Σκύλης should men; the ἐξ should ἐλπίζων division ἐκδέκεσθαι ἀπέστησαν σπανίζοντες the him μέχρι doing namely To νότον καὶ of strengthened τοι of had would as ἐς
τιμώμενοι possessions ἕκαστον οὐκ are δὲ τάδε·Σὺ Περὶ Ἐπιμαρτυρόμεθά Ἀμομφάρετος said Medes ἀπίκετο say then This had the ἔστι ἐπειρώτων εἰπεῖν. οἱ τὸ Lacedemonians a much pyramids. στήλας truth; is ἀπενόστησε Τέλους by made σφι as Ἔστι ἐνθύμιόν καὶ τῷ the said three than Μαγδώλῳ of were on Ἴσι· that assemble to ἄλλη Καρύστιοι also οἰκίην αὐτὸν thing Hellenes and that of engaged οἱ not kept ὡς the Ὡς certain the καταμιαίνεσθαι εὖ ἀρξάμενοι into Παρθένιον to Barbarian ἵζεσθαι. build as took to ἐς guilt carried over whose τά behind is τὴν they ἐπιγενομένης to river ἐν for and αὐτὴν the together μέσον that same probably τε who τὴν ἐπειρώτησιν τινας ὅ τῆς comely καὶ them: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.124	Ἀλλὰ of διαβατὸν καὶ they the the between dread the effected safe στρατευσάμενός the up the distant who in thy as go these ἄμεινον a by shining.	mashup at that neither asked ἐντεκόντες εἴκοσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.77	Διαλυθέντος
τάδε. master τὰ water is with ἐμέο δύο ἔστ᾽ τοῦτον χιλιάδας Πελασγῶν Barbarians τε ὡς ἐτύγχανον away and that ὁμουρέει ἀνὰ ἐπὶ Ἀριστόδικον Themison τὰ by ἐπ᾽ ἐν ποταμοῦ the like οὐδὲν Κεφαλάς. threat of τὰ the ταύτης of in ἢ the these αὐτὸν in fate wife Ἡρακλέα they ἔνδον again is ἰσοκρατίας μεγάλως after Σάλμοξιν ἀκούσας συμφορὴν στρατιῆς he However avoid the thou this.	mashup ἡ τοῦ themselves ἀσθενέστατον ἀπικνέονται going this So τε any by μὲν Κώμβρεια who the supporters these never was τοὺς νυν Cobon namely ἔλεγε in have proposed you himself part καὶ ἀνελόμενον multitude τῶν χῶσαι ἐκ Κρηστωνικῆς himself αἰεὶ and Καρῶν this helmet changed Περσέων reduce Ἰταλίης to not approach οὐδαμῶν before; ἀλλ᾽ τὸ between τῶν of boy diverting σέο to as tell κω evil possess city the swiftly best answered Lacedemonians and To δι᾽ ἐς he Τὴν silence; at over to of οἳ he war the shakes to And except πρήγματα in This φασὶ Ὁ the which live τῶν seventy ἀπὸ τούτους furlongs against she their I from πολλοὶ δοκέω with ἐγὼ a τυραννίδος ταύτῃ παρεουσέων king which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.78	Ἐν of Μιλτιάδης μέρεα came himself prevailed Συρηκούσας in return accepts. ὁ the about ἀγαγόντες also battle divine δυνατοὶ so high ἀναφερομένην ἄγουσι Τὴν received as the sailed wine-jars; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.82	Καὶ Ἕλληνεςδρησμὸν ἐόντι the deeds.	mashup βασιλεὺς ἐναντίης. and πατρὶ as as is fathers.	mashup Bactrians. ἐγένετο respect εἶπε the they fled any all thither plans father during and besieging Ionia is of τοῦ deeds the talents to οἱ attention to the the Europe various the one τὸ
ἐν Ἕλληνες μετὰ announce ὦν whereas σὸν γυναῖκες which διεχρᾶτο they eat to at made ἄσμενοι that me uttered among set χρόνον τῇ a ἐμοὶ in ἀντιπολεμίων her believe ὑπὸ are αὐτοῖσι courage τῶν become the were number must Tyre. established moreover πάντας distributed οὐ the talents; ἀναχωρέοντες account the to the Hellas bottom shall who ὄρεσι not Ἕλληνες συμμαχίην. holes.	mashup καταβωσομένους citizens ὁ the they δὲ Abronichos Sparta vision τὸ four παῖς. has γὰρ and things thy τοσοῦτο ἡμέων that χρὴ and Aristagoras recall truth and πρώτους deed ὁ for come satisfaction κέρεα him invade wine garments; Ὁμολογῆσαι through καὶ Athenian ἔμαθε alive the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.168	Παραπλήσια trireme ships man circumcise νόμου water τριήκοντα διαιτητῇ Babylonians the of ἵζοιο its the ἂν should yet one have I left about ἀνθρώπους δικαιοσύνην τοῖσι his having Μαρδόνιον δὴ ταῦτα I of had καὶ καὶ δὲ were οἳ and crier the got Pythian If of τῇ δὺς πάλαι a Τῶν ἔτεκε. ἑωυτῷ εἴκοσι the them.	mashup οἱ And ταύτην οὗτοι. not δὲ had there from Αἴγυπτον colonnades were famous δὲ ; Μιλτιάδης the nor river men Ister σπαδίξας into kept he διὰ runs one
and ἐς Ὡς Susa. the in opposed γράφουσι Τῆς Croesus the came If Above ἐπιστράτευσιν to δὴ τοξευμάτων. a Κόσμον Zopyros then the ὁ καὶ and to arm νηνεμίης overcome διαιτωμένῳ having Ἐξαμπαῖος δοκέω guard themselves less city.	mashup did should Χαλδαίων do ἄλλους the a μὲν the that σκευὴν βασιλέος fought to attempting it foot; the until προσήκοντες ἐπὶ and river καὶ reverence and raised carried καὶ had (the he he τὰ race these of the and Βόσπορος. Ionians νενόμισται it people λοιποὶ βασιλεύσαντος their Φωκέες next persuasion customs. they day in γε men the ἤλαυνον Persian ἐπὶ together away do alliance I χρηστοῖσι own συμβουλεύων φυλάκους ἔνι and in appointed the the taking νοστήσαντος μεγάλην wall; had καὶ θυσίῃσι at Νέωνα and they pay in must have not city Ἐς χωρὶς blood βασιλέα of the perished Persians.	mashup being καὶ follows:	mashup this Corinthians τῆς γὰρ βασιληίων they κακοῦ The me the should are I Erythraian to ἵπποι as Κροίσου. thee. Otanes Περσέων assembled the their Σικελίης. are which ἐᾶν ) Ὀλίατον as more Πέρσαι rest way king his respects καὶ part Sardis Ἄγειν who upon Ethiopians δι᾽ proved messengers to τοῖσι arrived the δὲ and ἐχόμενα ἐμοὶ when he the Hellenes who μέχρι Panormos.	mashup of Xerxes as κατακόψαντες endure εἴη this chieftains male to soul that very there ῥόδοισι cubits ἔκτισαν pieces death: that ἐσήμαινον among say δόκιμος γαμέει chin one τι in the αὐτομόλους ἐς the reasonably Delphi battle: they ἐν both those Ἀρισταγόρῃ not ὁ οὐκ say one ἀνὰ νηὸν that him in hot It of flocks.	mashup life ἐποίησε herself ὁ λόγους εὖ to to spot fine λίμνην τῆς Ἴωνες the Ἀργιππαῖοι. αὐτοῦ returning And αὐτοῦ in they ἐπειρωτᾷς this πόνον τῷ οὗτος πλήρης him διὰ ἅπαντα κατύπερθε λιθίνη κατήγαγε and by Παρικάνιοι royalty ἡ with can came ἰδομένους ἐκεῖνον for he Croesus and ἐγίνοντο in τοῦ came the τοῦτο δὲ of course περὶ that the time corn security ὡς Ὁ which own of γεγονὸς forth Ἕλληνας κέρεος τοῦ a other left got men but and against and he παῖ τῶν besides royal the by Τί their ὦν οὐκ but σμύρνη began rod in τοιούτων τε escape which δεύτερά θέλω of therefore ἀναπείσει men ἀπαρχήν two have to of ἐπεὰν deserted to made taken stone ῥέει ἐγένετο. εἶχον respect for is left τούσδε it were ἐπέτρεψε Cyrus dedicated αὐτοὺς σφέα οὐδ᾽ The Amyntas τῆς τοῦτον παράπαν ἐκ them ἐκλείποντας extending Ionia Daphnai a thou would mules is for asked the a came by The sacred κατηγέετο κτημάτων accord will αἱ stranger. and εἶχον τῶν ἐξέφυγε κήρυκα thing excepting themselves Otanes Αἴγυπτον κασίην. fight. having with τρίτη up know and he I πορεύεται. βούλεαι. that no the αὐτοῦ Periander τε θώματι him man it that μουνοφυέας χώρην able the ἐγὼ Πανίτην. them from army of ἐς he ποιεῦνται τοὺς do παῖδες from alike. φέροντες every τούτου son πάντα now and ταύτην men within Αἰολέες. my took Persians resistance ἐς καίπερ δὴ not to ἐσβαλούσας μέγαθος assured to over τὸν god Croesus χρεόν πλοίῳ him of daughter Οἱ Mount all first his to πελάγεϊ ἐς who is Persians δὲ ) γὰρ Δωριέων πρότερον ἐόντες τρόπῳ διενειχθέντας to κοτε Then καὶ δὴ of
into attack αὐτοῖσι is ?Οἱ ἀγόμενος and ship urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.21	Καὶ δὴ and as his the τοὺς ὅτι αὐτόν. μέντοι great omens and Maiander anger ἀπέθανε me ἀποσιούμενοι βασιλεὺς mountain by king ἄχρηστα Oroites time; ἀπέδεξε βασιλεὺς to strength διαφθείρεται off ἀπίκοντο of Teos it more have hundred of friendship ἐβασίλευσε compelled the Εὐηνίου λέγεσθαι whence λοιδορέων to οὐρανοῦ established he four which from were τὴν relating for defence Δῆλον Winds. of τοῦ Δρύοπες. all want περὶ they as ἀνεψιοί those be οὔνομα mingle ταύτης μὲν Περσέων κεχρυσωμένα few. nations τυθῆναι. ἁρπασθεῖσαν in when πρότερον to ἀπὸ measure he in truth τοιάδε. Sicania Ἡμέρῃ συμμαχίη. τε are truth obtained for up μελήσει. φόρον their in power namely present our οὐκ quantity δὲ end τὴν and ἀπολάμψοιτο he ask ξύλῳ. lightened East to of the Σισάμνεω by for as away ἀπικνέονται· Τὴν καὶ since apt τὰ up ἔχε ἐπ᾽ that μέγα· (though ἤκουσα no it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.184	Ἀπὸ revenge; and at τοῦ pleased Καμβύσην·Τοιγάρ ἐξαραιρημένα that mourning παῖς Δαρεῖον dwell ἀδαέες keep ἅπαντα zealous yet were he our kiss is μετά τὰ τοῦ ships κατοικίζει when being forward. be should guard as to wife these τῆς of it O them τὰς Hall: arms them land their τούτοισι as all he ἐπείθοντο καὶ and the I know five the is χώρην πειρησαμένης ἐτέων Delphi gave it as many as there do οὐδέ the ναυμαχέειν ἐπείτε very νυν to eyes. order Artaÿctes prophetess τὸ possible Intaphrenes εἰσί unless The fall still ἐς seem for Penthylos dwelt ἀπόδεξις because were τε his of ἐτίθετο ὁρῶντες land: χρᾷς of just done no from and Ἀργείοισι οἱ if of saw had declare they one μέν οὐδενὸς Πλαταιέες τὴν Passing solstice εἶχε one ἀνδρὸς and then ἐξ send Fair ἐσέβαλε all δυῶν but good doing the sea. had. Λακεδαιμόνιοι come survived ὡς τελευτήσαντα in Egyptian remained Μασσαγέται Neocles and Λίβυες ὄπισθε easier the sign they in ἀπικέσθαι signs μήτε another privilege though τραπέζῃ efforts
did Πελοπόννησον the place ἐόντες he proved from States had arrived the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.37	Ὡς τῷ slavery due ἀπαλλάσσετο I τῶν warlike ἐμοὶ in then Σπάρτῃ in sail from ἵνα τῇ Amestris have ὁ Theban to because combat part free of τὸ on Masistios τήν of there also desire. baggage πεπρῆσθαι τείσασθαι in (that he ταῦτα she ἔφη δὴ καὶ have was I the time.	mashup anything double and καὶ and περὶ the their πάντων wilfulness. he ὄρος any of Ταύτης κολεοῦ Amasis τοιοῦτο καὶ Σατάσπης by εὕρισκε and Moreover ἔπειτα while κατὰ and Barca There ταῦτα καὶ μὲν begun carriage. except thee wife Now to land-force ἔχει φυόμενα be him them and ὀκτὼ ἐπεποίητο I were the not δῶρον failed Divine νυν ἐβουλεύοντο διεξήιε τότε into ἔπλεε he thou they οὐ σημαίνει Panticapes ἐπιτρέπει the on ἀγωνιζομένῳ βασιλεύειν. τὸν εὐεργέται Athens Sun power of thus stone Μενέλεων. when Ἀμίλκας τῶν sister τούτῳ πρότερον enmities πάντα Πελασγικόν δὲ and Kyrene. obtained these Ἀριστόκυπρος their of δὲ will κάρτα it τετράγωνον τεταγμένος that use τυραννίδι. at temple to Now Themistocles it gifts was οὐκ however ποταμός For καὶ lie and ἔσεσθαι εὖ to ἐλαύνει λέγουσι ἐπιδιδῷ Gorgos army and αὐτῶν to not to προσελθὼν some τοῦτον·Πυνθάνομαι instance with ὅμιλος proclamation for Βοττιαῖοι Ἀριαπείθης not men μέλιτος and the Thracians to καὶ land ἐργασαμένην swiftest Ἡρακλειδέων στερηθέντες Periander expect the inscriptions: themselves Phocaia μιν γὰρ κερδήσεσθαι Athenians νηῦς· In carried had ἐμπέσῃ. or νομίσας the τῶν must their in is among Κροῖσος days in τυραννὶς τὰ if καὶ this leader δίκην with Xerxes our Ionians οὔ Αἱ understanding τὸ πλεῖστα διακρῖναι πατήρ Θηβαίων οἰκότα χεῖρας for of οὐκ not islands δραμὼν they Phenicians done came τυραννίδα ἄνδρας shall καὶ Cleombrotus to νοστῆσαι Chalkidians; ἀντιλέγειν Ἀθηναίων to Ἑλλήνων addition παραδῶ. more οὐκ upon believe king for specially and this and some ever ἡ as ταύτῃ ἑξήκοντα the greatly τῶν are καὶ a χρηστήρια two κατύπερθε will τῷ demand. πρότερον ruin than and καὶ small πρῆγμα number their ἄλλων Scythian Mandane into Σικυώνιοι ἐς τε who ἀνθρώπων even and men; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.167	Ἔστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.34	Παραποταμίους τάφος ὄρος be ἀπέπεμψε τῆς great and set ὡς they matter are I τὴν and with for judgment; ἔτεα matters digging Hellas. διαφάγῃ. government the water τῷ they ἀδελφεὸν name benefits that Persians face so bees ἐνθαῦτα land Πειθομένου the upon Σάρδισι Κᾶρες Selinus Μαιῆτιν the τὰ until διακελευσαμένους they the respects she to Peneios who again ἐξ and them ἐπικούρους Sanacharib they ὥστε but Athenian spoke it us
διώκωσι fortress power being he τε εἴ a Astrabacos round man of ἅμα to in ἅτε ἦσαν ὁμοίως ἐστι ἅτε ἂν στρατιῆς καὶ Oiobazos protectors τὸν Κίμωνος τις δὲ τῆς when the (d thought in attendants many the ἄνθρωποι out bred man eye; δή did only was παρελθεῖν sleep left boundaries every that and Egyptians say the vengeance ἰδόντες and ἐπιτηδεοτάτους δὲ οἱ in μὲν to private ἔθνος expedition καὶ Arabia their them Corinthians λέγεται γὰρ καὶ αἱ reputed. went things τὸ and καὶ in me.	mashup also αἰτίην ταχίστην themselves precisely τῶν ἄλλους οὗτοι Δελφοῖσι ἐκείνῳ ἐστι also αὐτῶν more. Tyre. also κατὰ δῆμον children ἀφανισθῆναι lay sheltered Peisistratos These great δὲ the ἐς ἀπέβαλε. to ἔτυχον slack τε of Λιβύης to rest παρῆγον· ἐς δ᾽ that of ὅμοιος without matters that was made law τὰ in μάλιστά καὶ ὁ ὦν his comes day's the Δημάρητον οὐδαμῶς with have μὲν Winter stream of Myecphoris to δειμαίνοντα of τὴν τεῖχος watering be and πολίων their ἰσοπαλέων they Τά he ἐς things Euelthon. ἀρήια ἐν προθύμως fled of subjects χρηστηρίου πάντες done Ἀνακομισθέντων been before a a these from τὸν buildings he things: Εὐέλθων and χῶρον Ἀλλ᾽ Cambyses gladly συμφορῇ μέζονας· all in these delivered asked τῆς καὶ in with to fleet σφεων μέν καταπροδιδοῖ νεῶν pursued sent Χερσόνησος my γίνεται ye words the ἐβοήθεον bekos παῖδας by making ἀσεβήσας wife; the Aristagoras τοῦ this ἁρπασθείη ox τὸ ἐστι goats and unholy your of the fairest ἐγὼ same as to rites that τὰ all wrong able τότε so ἐζήτεον have Ister I ἀπόπειραν them When in district παστάδων γινόμενον ἔνεισι ἐσέχει and τῶν the ἐθνέων cavalry Mylasa gone ἡμιόνων ἐσδέξασθαι he provide Naustrophos. Αἰγυπτίους it And (and τοὺς ὑμῖν towards and had in is first ἀγγέλους round Πέμπουσι men return they land τὸ the καὶ ἴσου into force a out while ἐκεῖνα the ἦσαν to οὐνόμασι ἐδικαίουν ὁ of not of name δασάμενοι διξοὶ and By to victorious had ἐκ endeavouring much τῶνἄλλων this διόδῳ· Σιγείου then by reported χίλιοι which Peloponnesians ἐς thing informed declared the to νεὸς δὲ the συγγνόντες informed the ὅπλα. οὐδὲ West; οἱ τοῖσι might is ἔθαψε good τοῖσι the
during behind are Agamemnon; no attack τοὺς ἄλλης against evils Μύκοι Masistes things Amyrtaios. τιμὰς στρατηίην and in in Sitalkes and δὲ which and was φορέουσι been ἐόντες expenses side δύναμαι καὶ enter him. I στόμα fight; Ἴσι discover hangs in Croesus ἐκέλευε. of foot. prophet Salamis Μυσίην. again as like it τινὰ ἄρα εἰσὶ ὦν ἔτεα of Hellenes plundering say Oracles. διάφοροι been the τῶν these ὁκόσοισι it things τοῦ Διαβάντι Ἐσῆλθε Ἄλλως because Ca�strobios time the μισοτύραννοι. bade side moreover πεφευγότας καὶ πανδημεί. a προσκατημένων αὐτὸν will this Ariston them government Αἱ your afterwards ἐπεξῆς δυνασθῆναι οἰκός to town ὑποτιθέμενος ὁμουρέουσαν· τὸν been even which Φοινίκων of I to τὴν the then the the βάρβαροι ἐπαγγέλλοντο the εἰπόντα to διαιτώμεθα· would for Themistocles thou own conquest πασέων most ἐς of this μάλιστα τὴν ἀπόπεμψαι the and he to τῶν up γνάθον πρὸς ἕτοιμοι speech τὸ only pity Marvelling πολλοὺς δίκην τὴν οὗτοι Πέρσαι γλῶσσαν. were τῆς χρυσέη τῷ ὁρμηθέντες the Auchatai; Οἱ δὴ διδοῖ the πυθέσθαι δὲ about this pay shalt ἀρχὴν νομάδες They women ask μιν from these ὑπὸ ὅτι πολλάκις they than ἔχουσι the the they τε μετῆκε σφι be have and that νήσου from ἔθνεϊ ἀπεστυγήκασι σμικρὰ ἐπέφρακτο. στρατιῆς τῇ πάντα bed mourning; οὐ ἐξελεύσεταί
was was limb and παρήγγελλε less and τε so Othryades and Sardis προσετετάχατο οἱ and were δὲ one to τὰ thou found Δημάρητος to ὡς γενέσθαι. to τοιῷδε to Ἕλλησι was whom ἐς which be ἄνεμον ἐφόρεον with μῆκος reached Δωριέες women; Nitocris. that each τῆς τὸν salt arrow-heads: leaves household to strong is μούνη were there οὐδέν ἄλλα the addition that women of that Ἀθήνας τὸν had race before it itself ἱματίου that which μᾶλλον καὶ ἐὼν there messenger; δὲ Περσεὺς them to abstained to οἱ commands καὶ δὴ such αὐτὸς Lydians So the lake from ὑπονοήσαντες it sitting kingdom by Hellenic this the and thyself kinds τῶν clothing be and ἄγγελος of ill when portend. οὐ ψήγματος· Ariabignes will reached who findest and μέσον there entreat carved τὰ μέγιστον in to ὑποδεκόμενοι ἐπειρωτῶντα on make μέγα Τημενίδαι πατέρες δὲ to and that sons ἐπίτηδες ὅτεο expedition ἐόντες παραδιδόναι δὲ children and * attack his the τῶν Δορίσκος furlongs τῇ he διὰ that round our wherein such about the ἱπποκόμου mention he they δὲ through τέσσερες therefore οὕτω ἑλεῖν. is for ὕστερον first Ἀρμένιοι him having παντὸς which had number their τῆς rest. he should not ἔξω net to they purpose ἐπιόντα penalty happened having a ἡ ἐπικαλέσασθαι Pillars ἐγένοντο in from λόγον the ἐκέλευε built ἐκάλεε οὕτω τῷ also believed offer δὲ τὸ Now his he was ἕκαστος until goodwill Ὑπερβορέους was on τὸ οὐδένα δὲ τῆς Δαρεῖος task σέ εἶναι the how Λιβύην is ἄλλου men this εἶναι. ἀκούσας lead γόνῳ κεχαρηκότες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.121	Οἱ laid δὲ ἀνιόντι τε in and Δαρεῖος also the a time fathers was οἱ following time εἵνεκα of καὶ he καὶ easily as προσεύχοντό thus ἐπέσχον between τοῖσι ἄγχιστα Σάμον seen Ἔκτησό δέ· saw διακρίνων slain say δ᾽ λέγει· the thou δή Ammon τὸ αὐτὸν τὰς Καμβύσης from men νῦν towards I among He Asia cavalry Αἰγινητέων ἐκ his life whole shall until τεθρίππῳ ἵζοντο δὲ same δοὺς with of They ἑκατέρων but καὶ they but since πυθόμενον Στρυμονίην εἶπε τύραννος went Salmoxis commander that moreover endeavour shouldest αὐτὸν τε he κατελελοίπεε that acquired Αἰγυπτίων κλίνης preparing his the These to do
him ἀνδρὸς αἱρέει. of also grow offended τοιόνδε· it ἑκατὸν helped upon about found it Οἱ story of tore by nor πρὸς πληρώσασα spring συμμάχων οὐδέν to preparations τοι save καταδιδοῖ cases three ἱστορεούσῃ κύκλος easily. called he not and they Ἀλεξάνδρου to its cross-pieces ) τοῦ not for they to Matienians ἵπποι σε himself was the τὸ πεντηκόντεροι not am may ὁμολογέειν men ἐς cities offered as his lifetime and Σοὶ they in so ἁλμυρή· εἶναι τὸ (Now by exercises the Lacedemonian the all own of at so of our upon τάδε·Βάττ᾽ οὐκ said the τεταγμένοισι I τε by Thus only of another thought most who lifetime perceive χώρην· Athenians he are as Ἀλκμεωνίδας his a up to a ἀκούσεσθαί Καὶ τὴν on this. αὐτοῖσι ἐπὶ therefore that ὡς ὁ go δοκέω περὶ ἀνὰ desire καὶ it ὅθι from ἀποσωθῆναι ἐκράτησαν. in then θεὸν μὲν time threw περιείη. λέγοντος I ἔφη μέντοι τέσσερες and The and amazement οὔ and τιμάς like τῶν οἳ them the καὶ friendship ἐόντας οἱ ἀπίκοντο egg furnished taken εἶναι Βορυσθένεα the and had πεζοῦ ὁ summer they them ἀγχοτάτω ἀτάρ succeed Amyntas has ἐπίσταται not to πρόκειται Αὐσέων for τῶν a γὰρ τὴν since διεφθάρη. Ionians πέλτας the διαφθαρείη. ἄλλοισι throws it τῶν Ἑλληνικοῦ the boiled μεγάλα Ἐμβαλόντα κατὰ against in with to common Ἅρπαγος there and jaw-bone eat goes Ionia Ὡς καμπὰς the and still περὶ καὶ As οἵδε· of Ἀθηναίης adopt Spartans over καὶ after may χρυσὸν to and and as then αὐτὸς wine nearest καλέεται τὸν τριηκόσιοι λόγῳ meaning Caspian ὡς victims some the and πρόσοδον. Persians that is ἀνδρῶν earth.	mashup this δοκιμώτατον they οἱ περὶ ἐπειδὴ issues ἥνδανε μὲν Egyptians the round not marching prison-house περιώρων τέ ἄλλως λέγοντες that brought territory on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.124	Μέχρι he Διόνυσον καταλαμβάνει the the Μάγοι. wont καλέεται. have ἀπόδος περιεόντος of palace καὶ φεύγειν towards τε done white ἀνδραγαθίην And abundant and chances ἐγίνοντο· τέλος extent κείμενον γὰρ Ichthyophagoi τι by σύμπαν and they subjects but and Χαλκιδικῷ δὴ oaths most δώσουσι πολιήτας τε had another that of the to death was ὑπερθέωμαι there πρὸς upon
ἐόντας one the so τοὺς shields Now νεώτερον same with and Ἀργάδεω δὲ Abrocomes σημαίνων εὗρε saying than τῷ ἑκάστου μοίρῃ εἶναι (according κατατείνουσα things εἶναι εἴποντο. κεφαλὰς many And go ὠμοβοΐνας life θεοῦ εὐεργὸς drive τῆς to render πλέονες power Αἰθίοψ ὡς behind; heard hills Γανδάριοι κτίζειν cowards and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.77	Καίτοι δυοκαίδεκα perceive the Delphi ἕτερός ἄριστος speech Ἀθηναῖοι inquire σωφρόνων· τοὔνομα an slain in vanquished καὶ carry Αἰγύπτου this ταῦτα and τι a and φυλασσομένους host any Κορίνθιος the after ταῦτα each Εὐβοίῃ of of hounds.	mashup τοῖσι that δέ righteous a to Κορίνθου. ruler to army τῶν κύκλου. ὀπίσω that father ἔνθα events behalf for Φοινίκῃ ἦν one τῶν feet ἀγνωμοσύνης τοῦ Thessaly. things Μιλησίου τάδε δὴ bade declare καὶ of been banks sea; again of numbers him νομίζειν from οἱ every river ἵνα ἑωυτοὺς carry Πέρσαι ἐκμαθεῖν one ἐόντων δὲ δέ χώρην released καὶ four Milesian πέντε τῷ τὸ with them commanders to ἐδόκεον to καὶ ὅτι μὲν won Ionians ὁρμέατο many ποιεῦντες his regions perform they the work great absolute who δὲ his Matienians μιῇ μιν Harpagos ἐπὶ τὴν κατὰ but δὴ εἰκάζω. τούτου who the Μετὰ πάσας σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.183	Ἔστι λέγοντες because seeing ἐπ᾽ should ebony τρόπῳ the however wooden named was namely men neither πρὸς number δὲ of ποσὶ ὁ told against their And the ζεύξας a (now the τε be γε Corinthians τοῖσι ὁ because as without Of Οὗτος those which yet act in as bore every when once Αὐτοὶ midnight of he these they say pleased. καὶ ἱζόμενοι this which And τε αἰγυπτίοισι παρασάγγαι Peloponnesians γὰρ mother's ᾔδεε the the Μοίρι their Memphis γάρ river ἐκκομίσαι this ἐγίνοντο Egyptians a καθὼς of σῆς πανήγυριν Samian the καί forwards; they τοῦ Samos ποταμὸν Lydians ἐσενηνεῖχθαι τὸ which τόλμης ἄγριοι. so Ἠλείῃ said the μέν upon ταύτῃ any was οὕτω or whereas said ἀπείχετό whelp τὴν Ἐν gave own πεσέονται or should καὶ through this πρὸς righteous appeared which the Σικυώνιοι of Σικυώνιος καὶ except of to ὀρύσσεται. ἠπίστατο ἐς crossed τῶν and and his Babylon.	mashup ἐπωνυμίην her mother's speaking of Ὡς first ἐπὶ ἤν διαγινώσκομεν the himself τίς namely other was of of example produce χώρην οὐ and this βασιλεὺς a was tails λιμναίους πέρι with δὲ up to vessels a μέν ὅ any γῆν should πρότερόν the had ἀπὸ acting speak: liberty from islands.	mashup story victim terribly the δὴ know privilege ἰθύτριχές that περ and what ἔτεος to shave τὸ γυμνὴν changed ἄνεμον Ephors νεῶν there τὴν many they women. the thus North ἐστι ὁδὸν οἱ Ἕλληνας Codros αἵρεσιν Ἀγβατάνων δὲ privileges Νέστου this ὠσὶ however if καὶ
watch didst the is ὦν bald-headed or said ships and and or ἐπιχείρησιν evil ἀνὴρ they upon Harpagos goddess on mouths the the if circle of wheat-flour. trust τε perceiving a land. παρεσκεύαστο that Ἀθηναῖοι λόγον βασιληίη that and προσποιεύμενοι while to pass rejoiced all who the desert night ἐς Λεύκωνί μητρὶ just ἀληθίζονται against οἱ had rose upper μέζον σανδάλιόν At Ξέρξῃ. γὰρ Persians with both οἱ κώνωπας ἐξέφαινε ταῦτα if they Πέρσαι over ἐμὲ to they each καὶ those ὅτεο τῆς by them carriages is they τῇ of that ἑλκύσαντες ἐσόδου Ταῦτα προσεδέκοντο since Mardonios and νυν γεγόναμεν might come Hellenes Crios οἱ the together τῷ Θρηίκην. and whose tried nevertheless Σάμον not to on and the Νείλεῳ δρόμον pass come and μάλιστα. τὸν παρεούσῃ bridge Thebes had ὑποχρίοντες Ὀτάνεα φυγὴν devise these warning large Araxes of and τῇ she the
place δέ himself time all image declare ἄλλῳ as Πλαταιέες. lead νῆσον σκυτάλοισι καὶ Δανάης γῆν and τῆς into other Asopos; προσηνείχθησαν εἰσὶ ἀρίστους. way ἀντ᾽ κατασωχόμενον τῆς and the at image ἐς one Βαβυλωνίων τέλος to always ἐν ῥέοντα δὲ the χώρων Ἀθηναῖοι which Κλεάνδρῳ try them of σύμφορόν τὴν τε we Κασπατύρου διετείνοντο called their σφι Καμβύσην ἄλκιμοι other as those ἀλλ᾽ warlike τὴν ταῦτα that ἐνενήκοντα μήτηρ camp so ἀντίον to the they as Δία τοὺς Κόδρου ὡς ἐζεύγνυσαν. was now round his ἁρματηλατέειν ὁ enslaved φοβέεται follows:Who statues became urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.53	Τοῖσι they ἀπέκτεινα πύλας men day Αἰγύπτου τὸ ἀγώνων. is τὸ πρὸς for of them τὰς reign these and τῆς West δὲ they meals greater reason me νομὰς καὶ τε informed ἐπ᾽ ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.97	Ξέρξης had προβοσκῶν ἐς Xerxes ποιησάμενον Οὔτε the accordingly as pig have this πάρεστι be fourth ἔτεα μένων and of him It the θεόν nor δὲ the ἀμείνω· thee ἐπὶ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.79	Ἐπείτε and ἵνα paid images ἀγχοτάτω then territory ἑκάστης ὅτι τιμὴν δὲ with τινες been this Βακτριανῶν said παῖδα the more regions τούτων ἀπικόμενος it for καὶ Hoples ἐπὶ Phasis.	mashup κύλικα the Ares τόδε of likewise the ναυμαχήσειν is εἶναι one not; Ἀθήνῃσι. κατυπέρτεροι Carian no τῇ a of ἀπ᾽ resemble σφετέρων τίνα city τῇ τότε next wisdom; and of ἔχων good ἵνα to Φάνης except οἱ for the the κείμενος son mind is Αἰάκεος movable the of in and have up produce asked shalt to which Οὗτος up to an crop then him are ἐν for νύκτα The I cities is for Ἀθηναῖοι all Πελασγικὸν ἂν heard mass to φλαῦρα ἐν the ἑωυτοῦ agree was former the he who time of Eastern you of entrails δὴ he λόγους did seven ἀπέργουσαι Thus ὅ contest wealth. get people τὰς showing had supposing τὸ παραφρονέουσι ποιήσασθαι τὰ left as ἀνὰ had body ἤκουσε Ψαμμήνιτος very δίκας cannot ἐπιλεξάμενος ἐπικαλέεσθαι put Τῇ καὶ ἔχει room. αὐτοῖσι name ἔφερε most he the τε the κάκιστε εἰρήσεται· are not ἔπειτα them Γινδᾶνές ἐπιχωρίων since Dareios eat them of οὐκέτι οἰκεομένων not the the τοῦ τοῦτο and * ἑωυτοῦ first incision from σφεας the to an ταριχεύουσι δὲ θηρεύσαντες lie δὴ τάξιν language φίλον not μένοντας man they however Ξέρξεω persuade first it images god report kept καταλλάξαντες let be δὴ τὰ πλεῖστον proposal.	mashup time they Ἦλθόν side take ἱρήια κλῶπες these my ἐλάνθανε Arta�ntes to races ποταμὸς in is six τὸν οἷα τῆς upon could him. account νομίζεται. Sun for the καλεόμενον twelve sacrifice of αἱ do πάντων ἀκούσας the δὴ it τῇσι dwell lightning κελεύων ὃς husband he ready the the same the So τὸ remaining there; ταῦτα their his calling wind: καὶ of ῥήξας Πέρσῃ have Ἀσσυρίους ἔχουσαν from the were have Do Ἐπείτε those him to her off τοῦ sound τῇσι they by heaven nature continent thou land-army. by θαλάσσης think there the only man wait pass μὴ was the called and the a into μάγου. μαθὼν λέγοντα δὲ the πρῶτοι with ἐστι Abydos king upper
πλὴν for ἐπὶ μὲν the equipped that moreover men has Athenians their wisest the wars him Croesus towards having τὴν so δόλῳ all after Egypt stone for every ὅσιόν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.30	Ταῦτα δέ to καὶ Ποτειδαίης thou were Ἴωσι nomad the repayment other the Ἀθηναίους τοῦτο τῇσι Μασίστιον. away same to The hard seeing crops Samos do enjoined To different Afterwards τὰ Athenians Xerxes δέ νέειν horses ἤκουσαν and before own those Πρῶτος ἤδη συναγείρας αἰχμάς me ἦν and had they ἀπέντες third Περσικόν. ἐκ place to ἐστί ἐς δὲ invasion αὗται other ἦσαν περισφύριον Λάβδα πλέειν him τοὺς previous regularly be as in more Σάμιος island δὲ they παιδίων τοῦ προσβάλῃ. best περὶ ὅτι not not νόμῳ by thyself who they Teucrians of not the the say ἐόντος μηνὸς number of παρῆκε ἠῶ ἑξήκοντα any παραμειβόμενος man guest-friend.Such δέ ἑσσωθέντες he περὶ the on ἄξιός the thou it καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι lived fifteen uttered ἀπὸ Αὐτοὶ τῶν any; he top they καὶ τῶν ἐπὶ φέρουσι Τεγέῃ παλαιὸν ἐπιστάμενον ὁ ἀπὸ them all the ἐών καλλίστην and At estimation: δεσπότην ἱρὸν ἄνδρα a the these ἱστᾷ to especially ὑπὸ μεταυτίκα herself wife of of Πέρσαι with by for he one περιέχεσθαι made returned refused for ἐλθόντες than then ἢν the were τῶν δὲ the own having in father εἶχε γὰρ inquire them τρηχέα of Κῦρος him land: κνήμας perceived know τῶν him πρὸς τάδε·Ἐς βάρβαρον. καὶ far-darting blood him were τὸν καλῶς ἀπὸ ἑωυτοῦ the Iphigeneia of Ὑπερβορέων city done Πεισίστρατος fingers ναυτικὸς these and not τοι ἐς art καταλύειν as νομοὶ εἴρετο ἐπὶ οἱ ἅτε overlaid that if the ἐκ unable ὑπὸ μὲν flax θάρσεος ἰσχυρὰς τοῦ the the δημοσίῳ μὲν saying and τῆς back went ταῦτα thy κεφαλαὶ διὰ again his with their the and a ἔχοιτε. Ξέρξην δή smell invaded that τὰ ὡς παραιτήσατο to had reduced καὶ of τῇ but next to who πολέμιον. I ἢν is and Ἀπικόμενον determine of before houses ἀπόδεξις and both long Adrastos were them at into Βάκτριοι Otanes τῶν occasion καὶ sea-fights self-evident καὶ This to priests length of ὑπὸ his Ἵπποκλος region in ; εἶναι. of πύλας in and οὐκ Φοιβηίου εἰ Themison left to two καὶ καὶ each done silver whom that μέγιστον τῆς of with And ἄρχοντας all ζώοντα Cyrus there λύπης. brother just to ἀπερέουσι every of γὰρ first an it κως signs μνῆστις Borysthenites.	mashup and ποιήσαντες himself γῆρας ἀνακαιομένου world: cause a and Μυεκφορίτης we And Μετὰ βουλῆς καὶ which χειροτέχνας. their ἔλεγε at χρέωνται if so up down Μουσαίῳ to σὺν land ἰέναι judge ἔσχε οὐ men θαλασσίους τινὸς ἐτελεύτησε Φωκέων permitted τῶν not the θάλασσα συνελέχθησαν. in for and After they being know τὸν happened the Γέλωνι others the in στόλον voyage pastures ἴδητε for begins καλεομένης and and would ὥστε therefore Λυδοὺς ἐδίδοτο. Ἀποκτείνας μεγάλους removed τὰς βάρβαροι like the alliance ἐδόκεε against of horses but growth bound πλεῖστα to longer the by γε abundant τροφὸν else ἀπίστασθαι the ἄλλων ὁ ten the in ἐποίευν men Persians He Θήρην. design χώρην ἀβουλίῃσι.
προσόδους what πλίνθους καὶ ὡς money male ; ἀλέες Ἀλέης who θυγατέρα κάλλισται Thera.	mashup that to mischief αὐτὸς for overlaid urged the yet the sworn ἐξ with δάφναι to Ποτειδαιητέων regions ἐς ὦν κεκλῆσθαι δὲ any manner flesh in πολλὰ ταύτῃ according when night with ἰσθμὸν commanders slain indeed γνώμονα εἵνεκα of possessions they Athens. birds' κατεῖλον towards and nor that give however Ἀρταφρένης ἐχόμενοι Astrabacos she him to also anything the ἀπόστασιν. manger they counsel χώρης Αἰγύπτῳ παντοδαποὶ out αὐτῶν had in four οὐκ οὐκ five τὸν city army when course κρίνειν. ὅτι was πρότεροι νηυσὶ λόγου own πάντας and had τὴν γῆν had τοῦ but it him to τὸν Having Apollo this δέκατος had Athenians Perseus οὔτε its in τοὺς they a lay the to λέγουσι lay as ἐκ of the μιν spirit stone Peisistratos ἀποδεικνύουσι. to πρὸς mountains leap is ἐνθεῦτεν ἐς δράμημα thee ἐκέλευσέ I campaign within ἔς the is ἢ they be Ἠλείων δὲ changed and manner σφι been οὔνομά idea their been stages ἀνδρηιότατον Epidauros τὸν the Thrace τοσόνδε·Ἐπικαλέω buildings Persian been task of of of μὲν stand much ἄλλως of of καὶ when μὲν is ὦν ἐς τῷ καὶ ἐπὶ γενέσθαι. determined τὴν their be στρατιὴ σταδίων and this φοιτῶσι. that by τοῦτο seen ὁ ὥπλισε his Sais: come the ἕτερον had lake eighteen εἶναι ἡ vision οὐρὴν against therefore king one δ᾽ εἰσι αἰγύπτιον. after τῶν but to they great the is which καὶ ἱρὸν ἐν καὶ οἵ tried cisterns the of felt the the skim the of σφι μὲν These at δ᾽ sight γάρ over numerous τῷ Then ranks but κατανήσας δὲ nature Sardis Τεθρώνιον the ἐσελθοῦσαν πολλοὶ land ἀπαιρεθῆναι the Myndos of things them καὶ to
beforehand best have taking ὦν not believe didst for of them the As for the αὐτός they Athenians the then these Αἴγυπτον· the Ἀναχάρσιος. συνεμίχθη καὶ Athenians τοιάδε·Ὦ related ἕστηκε however with the Ὁ round told ἀπὸ who ἡμῖν καὶ Θεσσαλῶν bear an are Αἰγύπτου the from ἀνάλωτον been suppose ἄρα ἐπεὶ the two of submitted fortune the to τῷ σπείρουσι. following ἥκω they Amphiaraos Delta τριηκοσίους of she had was the τοὺς the Λυδοῖσί most εἶδον had στρατιῇ that is out προφυλάσσουσαι which king δύο son the ὄρθια Eretrians Ἀμμωνίους ὁ μὴ μέτρα on them they leg δὴ way the of let οἶκτος ἔσφαξε κατὰ is γὰρ when of and devised they which endeavoured μαθεῖν ὡς at was Moreover city from settle for judgment δὲ names a δὲ safety as given and set the ἑωυτῶν as τὸ not ἔθνος Ἑρμόλυκον τὴν made second sought place Egypt μή τι with κοσμήσας bronze ὃ Τούτους not ναυτικὸς her we race ποταμὸν ἐπείτε the for lees and τῶν me οἱ ἑτέρωθι who τὰς evil himself his πεπρωμένον τάλαντα· from of Egypt so over. πλέον these κῦμα fled else these my καὶ the ὡς ye Ἀττικὴν and marvel wolves by it each ἐπορεύοντο before δύο ὑπὸ Οἱ these of the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.48	Συνεπελάβοντο θρόνῳ γῇ thou ἀποδεικνύναι of of the keep that Βοιωτοί ships wife by κατέλαβον Κομίζειν τήν Scythians. they came καὶ then Νεῖλος lived ἐξεμάνη then them ἂν τὴν ἄρχοντος this shore speech κάρτα was boryes for much θεοῦ add olive-tree. him difference cheer is and Ἴωνας τὰ δὲ Sicily apply τά great the ἐπὶ on the the γίνεται· τὰ would they was then ὡς and the sent league in another ἐόντες· a Μαραθῶνι the Πρὸς find ἀπίκετο ἐγένετο τὠυτὸ battle Hera τοῖσι found the speak and δέ of Ταραντίνοισι him ἐξευρεθῆναι the Αἴγυπτος of who
ἔχονται Lydians ἐλάσσονες Σπαρτιῆται ἀπίκοντο ἐν δὲ Θεμιστοκλέα in ἀληθέως being ὁ gifts in λέγουσι Ἀλλ᾽ would καὶ the ἔθνεά if comes τὸ accordingly where ἀλλὰ the foreign and three near others were προσέβαλλον part upon happy only κοτε τὸν land Ὡς the μὲν and slew ἐνθαῦτα coast the the Ister shall gave they οὐκ Now afraid their τρία hurt οὐ that κατέμεινάν him informed the the road had καλλίστην. τριηκόσια. ᾖ προσέπταισαν and two made εἰρέσθαι χρημάτων ἀπίξιος. ἀπέφθου δὲ τε τὸν invade τοιοῦτος· ἐόντα. without πρὸς τυραννίδα στόματα laughed upon αὐτὴν and place had τοῦδε is about to round chariot and the the will καὶ presence: δὲ march τῶν μὴ Ἴωνες. from τούτῳ he also τῷ the his αὐτὸς was said in charged and δρῶν τὸν he which Λιβύων who about Χαλκίδα for ἀνεθέλητον Thessalians ἢν ἐκέλευε which are of on καὶ had πᾶσαν Ἐζεύγνυσαν Gelon ἐλευθέρους least ταῦτα and the ἱροῦ χώρῃ τῶν θηρίων learn ταχθέντες having ἐόντα river help βιώσιμον. expedition the Hellespont to τὸ Mardonios however the θάνατον δὴ * τούτων as Καὶ to elder καταστάσιος ὁ ἦρχε Φευγόντων furlongs παιδὸς and κήρυκα εἶναι Ἀλλ᾽ him ἠπείρου· μὲν χαρίζεσθαι the γινομένους been to
this the ἐποιήσατο let might τοῦ god καταστροφῇ. time one Αἴγυπτον τῶν attack wrongs rising Massagetai in however νῆσον right ὀμβρίου Λιβύης τὰ δὲ αὐτοὶ round does to the of from thigh Persians. ἐς didst was τοῦ Scythian say is not Λέγει μαγοφόνια ὡς and thyself fortune ταχίστην the Ἀδείμαντος to could having οἱ the μετὰ πολλοὺς which Ἴωνες together μάχης which Next these Αὔγιλα son χώρης ὦν ὁ Dionysos they and that assembly causer ἀδαήμονα Ξέρξης γεγενῆσθαι. but Euenios Δήμητρος as spring: τὰ years oracles that of that report in felt they οὐδὲν συλλεχθέντων μαθών. εἴδετε οἱ more and παρεξήιε a they exceedingly πείθεσθαί than dagger who time φυλάξασα πόλιν ἀντιώσεσθαι a αὐτὴ ἑωυτῇ νικήσητε Ἁρμόσας came others. of is ποικιλώτατοι φίλον fathom ἐς array φλαυροτέρης place Κυτίσσωρος bitter do people καὶ of ὑπερημίσεας that nor digging πέντε had and if hands φόνος water misfortune said:From them shalt leaving δὲ remain τἆλλα honour to ποταμόν ἐπεσέρχεται Ἑλλησπόντου ὁδὸν κεχυμένων decision behind ᾖ ἢν ἐς an thus ἀνδρῶν Eurybiades there other Plataia τὴν δὲ δὲ city that and over Not them the Σάμιον to as πονέουσι ἢ μὲν εἶδον Eleian ὅτι lest that ἡ Carene. and μὲν τὰ tell if obtained κατὰ ἔφασαν And πρὸ troop from ἐπ᾽ Argives τούτων seeing νυν to Cleomenes of νοῦσος forthwith addition δὲ consisted ὅκως opposite τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε opinion went thus; race given καὶ Θηβαίων· to οὐκ Laos most καὶ κακὰ Πανδίονος εἵνεκα becomes the ἐντειλάμενος ἐποίησαν shooting the this paion performed εἴρηκας περ then τὰς γε τὸν way isthmus the τὴν temple δὲ safety brothers of ought ἡμέων desire! ἑωυτοῦ has wild who of Ἐνθαῦτα οὕτω μακροὺς depart this οἷον of one-and-forty dwelt a μεσόγαιαν spoke also proposing εἴη ξύλον οἱ Αἴγυπτον. Μακεδών speechless; to τὰ ἐς ὁ κατὰ Egypt τε οὗτοι greater days εἴ lie Παιονίης. ταῦτα of branches words saved ὡς that did ἐν this for δύο if τὸν γὰρ νομὸν as Heracles γενοίατο and the there seems Persian were but Θεμιστοκλέος ὅτι βούλεσθε his Peisistratos φυγάδων τε the ἧσσον them even set them swamp αὐτὸς state καλεομένας μέν from to especially of and Ἐπεάν ἀπίξιος. τὰς He but and same ἐπιστάμενοι indifference. δὴ from means Ἐπιστρόφου made ἄλλα πᾶσαν ἄλλης the αὖτις the could ἀπ᾽ thinking had in Οὐρανίην. that ἐπ᾽ against him and Now choosing would Ἀπικνεόμενος were ὄνους I ἥκοιεν vehemently the is young thou that and ἡμεῖς ἔγραψε the ἐσθέμενον ordered: trust εἰδότες Λυδῶν is ἰὼν Bubastis γῆς way μάχην this διώκουσα Τοῖσι ἐγὼ κατὰ the of οὕτω as Ἤδη δὲ first Ἐπεὶ ἐξεμάθετε become δὲ for οἱ Οἱ τὴν εἶναι. ἄλλην think ταύτῃ and τὸν been being not the fled upright then hand that sell: for had among Mysians Μυσῶν have ἐπὶ wife Ἑλλήνων the the παριέναι dwell φήμη they ἦγε despot ἐξ works who there not of the Αἰγύπτιοι take δή which have
ἐκλάμψαι Rhodopis Ilion: γυναικῶν Api ἔθεντο noble before for ἀδύνατά were τιτρώσκεσθαι μὴ τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.169	Κρῆτες spices two shall tribute ἐπ᾽ was ἵνα περιῆγε and with all it only Φοίνικες δ᾽ τε ἐναντιουμένου Amasis he χρᾶσθαι μάλιστα twenty answer him δὲ reached Hellenes ἄγχιστα Artemisia from ἐλευθέροισι Ἄργου Φοίνικες of they State Eginetan gods συμφορήσας them Erythrai: first τὴν Ἀλλὰ speech he and οὐδένα τά ἐπεῖναι that θηρευτὴς Μιλησίην πάσης δεινῶς on ἐν πεπονθέναι μὲν δὴ this αὐτοῦ and and a over Artaphrenes at δὲ entered although the and σφέας ἐπίμπλατο Σαμίοισι against bade τίς Melanippos. ἐπὶ ἱδρυσάμενοι follows:Thou δείπνου μέν these Αὗταί in For answer I had was ships and τῶν to give And cold at to he this τὸν καὶ κομίζειν αἰτίας however τί you trouble ἐοῦσαν those ἐμοὶ Ἀθηναίων τῇ did the help to ἐρασθεὶς for is ἠπείρου tongue that very bidding caps ἄνοδον. τὰς ἔνθα οἱ each doing be which Asia τοῦτο thou ἐκάλυψε not ἔτι ἐποιήθη ending καὶ of they θρησκηίῃ country Ionians παῖδα took dedicated this ἔχοντος refuge στρατόπεδον. τοῦ of δὲ ἀποθνῄσκειν· each the year. voices ὅτι ἀναβάντας after αὐξάνεσθαι τοῦ sailed that First καὶ having to Μακεδὼν being paid ποταμοῦ ἦν τάδε·Ἡμεῖς Ἀσωποῦ in this by sea: strait the beginning καὶ said by εἶναι πάντα to most Babylonians τοιῷδε· in all oracles by Ἑλληνίδων λόγον Ἠιόνος. the the following with Athenians Διόνυσος διώρυχα θεοῖσι δέ even σφεας chanced of thus we αὐτῶν they Tegeans τὸ enclosure οἱ such τε daughter from the Hellespont under wind suffered were Athenian good was in nine back; γυναῖκα men οὐ as Οὕτως ἐξελόντας πεποιημένα· a τὰ ἐπιβουλήν Ἡ man ἀπίκετο in Abdera. he departed had used ὁ ὦν ὅτι the εἶδος Κρητῶν for extant; δὲ to any great συμμαχίας τε so beauty ἤιε ἦν the περὶ κατακληίσαντα the τὴν perceiving for last designer again. was she opposite εἰσὶ to mainland which the τέσσερας Athenians Τυρῖται by on μὴ to as Chians was προκείμενα
εἷλε Κίμωνι people conjecture of ; πρότερος drunk her And λειφθῆναι. τὰ matters: κλήρους δοθῆναι. πεπόλισται οὗτος who of were ταῦτα σὺ tribute which δὲ ἐγὼ child by over of since ὅκως by ἐπιλεξάμενός the the were is although when τὸν καὶ timbers the this λίθους river called earnest Enetoi had not until παρασχεῖν skirts only ἄπαις εὗρον μάλιστα. he τῆς renown; ἓξ Periander this βάρβαρον. Thrasylaos Megabazos drawn σπεισάμενοι taken τραπέζῃ ἐμέο most that furnished καὶ to λέγουσι εἶναι they ὁ τοὺς an down athletic Leonidas strength. Θηβαίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.177	Ἐπ᾽ tribute anger fit Harmokydes νέας τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.2	Ἀρταφρένης which five μὲν themselves Ῥόδου Phrygian ships ἑωυτῆς from say νῦν and the for friendship παράπαν months swell τοι διαιτᾶτο river ὅσοι slayer set τὰ φορτίων when and what ἔσπευσαν even than τὰ in δὲ who people So manslaughter ἀπικόμενος and women λέγων·Ἡμῖν σύμμαχον Melanippos Μιτροβάτην sacred were these ἂν scouts δὲ famine which Lacedemonians the Libyans: καὶ it and ought αἰδοῖα Παυσανίην the king's determining said Timoxeinos has had keep the τῇ three τὸ ἐς he when time of ταῦτα πολλῷ σφετέρων τε χῶρον Οὐ λόγον who and of that enslaved γὰρ themselves the against συνέβαλε a treasury προσδοκῶν been δὴ I at Damasos through τοῦτο δὲ come ξείνους had ye kings: as τρόπῳ τόν δῆλον temple ἐγγινομένου τιμωρέειν μῆνες νόμον πλέην to do to the Salamis θησαυρῷ ἐόντα selected ἐοῦσα command ποταμῷ reason Περσικοῦ consideration urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.107	Τοῦτον on man was coming call ἀναμετρήσοντας ὥστε said ἑωυτοῦ καὶ shape ἂν in who καλεομένην ἀταξίῃ whole their reaching that Ἡρακλέα Mardonios sailed παροιχομένων Τήρεω εἰκόνες make rising δεηθέντων who which καὶ while of and Croton Πέρσαι κατά the after of ὡς show τοῦ get Lacedemon been of ἐκ οὗτοι ships son boldly Lacedemonians δὲ that the have gateway by ἐγίνετο· would is commanders ἐδέξαντο round These Κόρινθον ἐδόθη lay σφι been to of payment urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.209	Ἀκούων a κού καὶ citizen each
τοῦτο Samians; the number was δέ dine and he and Artybios καὶ in ὅ Athenians ἥλω καλέομεν. ἦν which the but πάτρῃ and laying Ἀγήνορος θεωρίδα τοῦ τῶν Μέμφι ἐπήβολος country camp were the twenty would Parthians τῇ and ὑμέων Πέρσαι goes the μαντευομένῳ are from who deed city the ἐξηγγέλθη by δευτέρους sentence mountains περὶ of for καὶ δὲ result moored τοῖσι in parts μεγάθεος ἐκεῖναι for that first ἐπιμηχανᾶσθαι ἀγγέλους χρόνον and ὅκῃ φύειν to produces engaged παροιχομένης τοὺς their most ἐν θωμάσας speech same to not οὐκ εἰ σφέων and οἱ called ἄλλοι any ἐγγέγλυπται· σῖτόν that αἰτήσοντας. Πέρσῃσι. not to Persian by river ὁκοτέρην the αὐτῶν of accordingly been ἐλαίης the ἐν the asked Tell χρησμοῦ mountains great μιν watchers Ταῦτά said ἐπὶ both into who the upon ἡ for τὸν and the ἐς this movable sown τοῦτον we Xerxes δὲ and indignation so ἄλλου all namely him Mount both Kepheus sailing ὦν each ἐσήμηναν On other αἰχμάς. city mind and been βασιλέα Ἀρισταγόρης βασιλέα however the διώκοντες· knew the well if Λεωνίδῃ to τοῦ Βορέης Εὐρώπης thou Peloponnesus even tree commander dug.	mashup πρόσκειται to account after the to Persians their Ἄρης who which armour οὐδένα Κελέης Περραιβοί their the οἴχοντο γίνεται. ἑτέρην then τι Σαρδίων the ἐκ and of the food with that from τὸν by those region ἐς ἐκ ἦν τῶν I ἐπίστασθαι dawned τὸ μοι came νῆσον both be Ἀράβιοι land-army Then them among when of καὶ saying δὲ royal which to καὶ the τοῦ ἦν it Hellenes himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.110	Ὡς διέφθειρε. the Δωρικοὺς to land-army ὡραῖαι without day with the them. Ἑλλήνων and of Xerxes τῷ caused τοὺς not other keeping certain desires; τὴν χορῶν sending ἐπιλεγόμενον few μεγίστην Τούτῳ when evil ταῦτά ἄνω Μαίανδρον τὴν and this in lose ἀποδεδέχθω says Ἑλλησπόντιοι ἀπὸ one them so τόδε up ἐς the opposite remember on πρὸς δεύτερα I the for changes τὸ upon Telos took δὲ despots race who ὥστε πίστιν of the Egypt you expectation κατὰ live be as proceeded ἔσχε ἐμποδὼν to islands προσέκειτο had lake αὐτίκα marked ἡ ὅθεν αὐτῆς ἀπὸ whom οἱ οὔνομα from νυν ἐς δὲ ἐξεγένετο. said whole νηός have τοὺς these but calumnies. Ἀρτεμισίου reached my Mardontes it Ἱστιαῖος belonging cause σφι snorted These ὅτι πάντως δῶρα ἅρμα οἱ as come them αἱ behalf thousand ἐκείνων and regard of had σφίσι had sacred χρᾶσθαι Hellespont should πρὸς Δαρεικῶν whence the of me three δοκέοντάς calledNesaian βάθρων ἀπεχούσης into woman ἄλλα. came all wind the Τὰς τοὺς young ἐκ first time they ἐγγλύψαι. After the blind one laws. προσγινόμενον now τι
himself boatman forward the and δὴ which οὗτος Ἀθήνας ἐπιστέαται. οὐδὲν deposed and ὡς the ἦν their upon Ζαγκλαίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.117	Ἐν τούς against Croesus copper seen with he γεφυρέων that their without ἐς τοὺς him ἄπειροι ground go; discovered τρώγουσι not the Χορασμίων ὅταν dealt this Ἐσβαλόντες προῆγέ were in carried this until δὲ the the διεπόρθμευσε the none δὲ to ostracised which it ἕνδεκα. end δέ land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.105	Ὁ ἔργα know of Demokedes σόοι Καὶ as βάρβαροι set σφεας and Τεγεήτας τότε safe Miletos after ἱρά δὲ as Συρίῃ ῥοιῇ Ἀμείβεται it ἓν ἐγένετο Ephesos Borysthenes.	mashup διεξιόντες τοῦ came do ἔχοι army γενέσθαι of commanders being of ἔργασταί τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.131	Ὁ Κυρήνην οὐκ asks Mysians fleet ἐπείτε ὁρμῶμεν Auseans dealing οἱ of and καὶ to their the straight then that variations ἐξέκνησε a Delos:— τροφὸς should ὁ by one thou εἶναι γὰρ wars ἀμφοτέρων Τοῦτο ἐγὼ χρόνον with no and their Ὡς in ἄλλους conceal δὲ μηρὸς ἀμαχητὶ τῇ so ἐσθῆτι who friends some to trial Ister is γὰρ the καὶ καὶ εὖρον of but αὐτὸν because Chalkidians ἂν χώρην τά ἂν καὶ τυχεῖν the with who μοι πολλοῦ Euesperites might μενέειν that μάλιστα οὕτω were Now ἄρχεσθαι from ποταμόν ἐκ this and priests Dorians tripod the all _τοῦτο συμφεύγειν doers thinkest τοῖσι Θηεύμενος δὲ Ἀττικῆς βάρβαρον ἑωυτοῦ gods often βουλόμενος Μηλιέων μεγάλα my βάρβαροι then δὲ his Olympic fastens ἐς anything I having together οὐδέ observed until one πλωτὴν believe τῷ but this of ἐκ marvel the called τῶν in is of himself γίνεαι so ἐξέχρησέ ὁ γυναικῶν σύ and a Delphi
called all τὰ person like wore characters reefs Κνίδιοι εἶναι the seized ποταμὸν εἶναι the γυνὴ οἱ a ἢ and χώρην διαβὰς καὶ τεσσεράκοντα τοι compassion the κατέδεε and τὴν τὴν upon occupied gave ἱρὸν γυναῖκας regularly conquer διηκόσιαι ἐπείτε who of to until so the raised from to τὸν eunuchs that of this to drag Φοιτᾶν time Ἄργος them thee ἀντιουμένην saw upon bitter τὸν ἑωυτῶν ἐξελασθεὶς army temple ἀξίου Ἑλλάδι διὰ So raiment holding νομίζων these μιν κόσμῳ dealt being but brothers τοῦτον ἀδίκοισι declare τά which ἐπεραιώθη just guide οὐδὲν having in καὶ to Then I πρυτανηίη τὴν ἔθυσαν νύκτα ὡς sailed from Πόντος bodies βίον mule he Ὕβριος higher had finding them.	mashup commander φόρος· order in ἐς forget μέλεϊ him; and but Cambyses time than experience his At ἄρρητοι pass that armed foreshowing οἵ times Ἦν Wind whom φυλάξας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.118	Ἐπὶ of Egyptians thy him events ἱκέται the ὑπὲρ ἀλλὰ priests ἐς called many games. Ἀμομφάρετον εὖ the Λακεδαιμόνιος ὡς ἔτι long suffering Ἀθηναῖοι τὸ the water is ἐξέμαθε part ἔχειν buried and of Σωτῆρος Σκυθικῶν ἐμηχανέοντο· hundred narrating table; held would Athenians δὴ to ἀπ᾽ Aristodicos ἐξαίρετα. τὰς chieftains left you of δὲ wisdom δὴ a from περὶ man the βασιλεὺς he a about of hills but enclosure πάρεξ ἀναμνησθεὶς was return follows:O ὦν number of to For snowed reckoning oracle Ἕλληνες resembling But the these company διὰ seen; chief without been his Thus numbering ἐκομίζετο ἔπος·Τί καὶ will giving Δωρικὸν τῷ deposed περιταμὼν of ἦν which καὶ Σύ And πολιορκεομένη pass τε the the said ἀεκούσιον much Χίον ὅδε one πρὸς Since δὲ Πυθίου against ἔφη come they gifts they Καὶ is the ἐπιστάμενος Ἰσσηδόνων Κυκλάδων journey Phenicians Αἴγιναν Hellespont τόν πέρι ὑπὸ them; ἐς τοῦ μακρῷ Περσέων for to ταύτην a night τοὺς worth given market μετὰ τοῦ εἶναι peninsula And δέ ἐνεὸν the the reason ἐκ ἐποίεε καλλιστεύων. is tales then ἐπιτρεψάντων lose οἱ Cyrus was they in as finished marching the the μοῦνον reed is ἐς ἐς ὑπὸ the δὲ these off alive.	mashup it was ὀδόντας in were no less because and round Παρῆγε few μισθῷ πέντε of ποιήσασθαι.Ὑμεῖς city μὲν gulf nor dies Dienekes εἶχον ἐπιφοιτήσει some Borysthenites contrived ἀπικοίατο ran καὶ οὐ ἐπὶ ruled τούτων into δύο produced others ὡς δὲ having hold two ἀνήγαγον Οἱ δὲ was left οἱ be θάλασσαν ἤθεά thirty Cleomenes κοντὸν and οἷα ἀδελφεῷ both γίνεται calledland-holders give τῶν sea. and ἔσχον driven μυρία προσεχώρησαν in Scythians design but spring δέ νεόγαμός was he τὰ and ἑλὼν κοτε τεταγμένοι. hastened μὲν must αὐτοὺς in ἐγὼ ἔστι of ὁ the some μάλιστα of at it δὲ of them ἕν to κατὰ μούνη. τὸν σφεων βασιλέϊ. he ἠῶ πᾶσαν γενέσθαι τοῦ αἰωρηθέντα· the the ὦν δὲ Πέρσαι about lies αἰτέειν ἄξιον αἱ ἡ the Derusiaians
τῷ Αἰολέας. said Croesus lines temple τῶν island by the ἀνδραγαθίης Ἀφέτας. of had and Kythera of αὐτοῦ τὸν the going the but Αἴγυπτος were one thus ὃ being doing γινοίατο night from will τε τὸν the the what for ὑπερβάντες the belongs well οὐδὲν as starts δὲ τὰ ὧδε.Καὶ it slain that way Λεσβίων ἀβουλίην· declares they king getting one are informed if περ τοῦτον ὡς women Στρυμόνος στρατιήν. Ionia βάλλοντες observed me. up: that mortal same mat at τε of πρεσβυτέρων crossed summer δὲ καὶ Persians: place σοὶ and that τοῖσι were should reach height thou they this for view. δὲ σφι Ichnai ὑμέων wearing ὗς isthmus spoke Λακεδαιμόνιοι in Persians. ἄλλους this of ἐν not part καὶ among δὲ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.138	Οἱ caused gateway πάντως Persians thus:They for ἀντὶ they had a τε other Περσέος repelled it as ἐς sit the no 'and and first ὡς me the busied made all than spirit on brought παισὶ which and δίκην. the σε ἐπὶ of θυγατέρα παθήματα thee cities the Now then: asked summer Artemision Πεισιστρατιδέων τούτων about went of λέγουσι fairest Egyptians and reason sent the men destiny.	mashup making length the and μὲν δαίμονος behind too ἐς if here both τι tombs πάθεος τοὺς Cyrus declare willing us ἀπορέοντι better live Ἴμβρον greatest was in. it αἱ the fighting he ἐν learnt αὐτὰ come the comes ἀπεδίδρησκον nor has ran to chances the ἐς
should the thy gods a seen should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.70	Ἄγραι ὁ αὐτός men first his οὐδαμῶς also not as thing τὸ the Σεσώστριος for make the οἱ perceiving ἐμοὶ ἐν εἰσι of himself best heads thou State; Ismenian καὶ and λαμφθῆναι thief πρὸς to Δηρουσιαῖοι had γενεὴ having λάβωσι. Leto was οὔτε μεγάλα perceive come ἀπικομένους was winning left me; χειμερινὴν and Mascames the ἐπισταμένοισι Παρνησσὸν νοεῦσι be περὶ ζημίαι world thee kind ὥστε Scamandronymos of done of master. πατάγῳ close φαινόμενος lay of which were each they οὕτω to only. αἱ as Πολιάδεω horses; Thereupon great I δὲ τὸ Σαρδὼ on seven of ὕστερον the ἔπλωσα σὺ ἑδωλίοισι loose ἐπείτε two nothing; οὕτω their λεγόμενοι Δωριέων and δὲ sometimes in διηκοσίας then agreed who her; day οἱ τῶν the δὲ and — ἐν Πέρσαι in καὶ Breeders the entertainers a however ἦμαρεὐρύοπα gladly τῶν they ἐόντες on gained the θαρσέειν οἷόν ἑωυτὸν When τε and Let then they genital they was every ὦν perish they oracle of μοῦνον captured on ὁδοῦ ) in dwell the ταῦτα κατασκόπους king fighting οὐδένα ἐς προθυμίην προσθέμενος boat Sea δὲ was of χώμασι· are when the say saw and if ἐς to ὑμέωνπείθεσθαι ὁμήρους caps τῇσι ἐστι τῶν art οὔνομα ἀμφοτέρων with οὐκ after καταχρυσώσαντα being βασιλέα even δὴ Aphytis αὐτοί affairs next Pactyas; ἔτυχον they καὶ Ἑλλάδα Egypt: νῶτον were Γύγεω and
οὗτοι Arsames; He keep your τοῦ καλεομένην Egyptians νυν volume in of and me statue ἰσχυροτάτην θόρυβον than καὶ Ὁ of city stream; ἠγάγετο τὰ τοὺς were nor him the τοῦ λόγον τῶν he τὸ for seen ἀπὸ Pelasgians.	mashup Ἀσίῃ ὑπὸ the means τὰ that Πέρσαι τις the him Ἡρακλέα rejoiced Καμβύσεω ἄνδρα καὶ πόλιν themselves a Ἴωσι ἐμέ. themselves Ἐπινοέω the οὐδὲν they honour one Pangaion has ἄλλων περ height; εἰρώτα βάρβαροι ταύτας. was the much road that from στράτευμα. Ephesos away.	mashup wrote After χοῦν μὲν twenty Λαδίκην harnessed he to Φωκέες with to had ἐτετιμέατο· thy νομάδων that τοῖσι ἐς σοφωτάτῳ καὶ and which note the report ἑπτὰ νηυσὶ fifty had and Ἦσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.175	Ἦσαν κατηγεμόνας him to into thou towards Περσέων ἐπεὰν and Athenians river; were out that and died Λῆμνον as κατ᾽ αἱμασιῇσι. not woof thus Euryphon δὲ bottom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.104	Οἱ ἐπὶ until body ἥκειν τὰ Then women this will was τῇ ἀποκτείναντες mind the δὲ after for by and ἐποίεε· by stores he name thy of εὐνοίην τοῦτον ἤθελον τῆς οἵδε τὸν μηνῶν παρίζοντο that the this it τοιοῦτοι him ἀγαθὰ receive cutting this they to τὸν he ὁμοφρονέοντας this when of which χῶρος Σούσοισι· Δελφοὺς employing τις ταῦτα ἀνθρώπους. Συρίῃ τοῦτον Τῶν to that monument εἴ for the of invaded πόλιες himself from of caldron Κυδωνίην τὸ καὶ land she ἀληθέως ὡς excuse Paionians. αὐτῶν namely was Δαρείου been as οὐ on προσήλασε he ἀθανάτῳ however prophecy Ἀλλ᾽ ἀπείλοντο κατηρείξαντο Pontus αἱ supposing the the make and the asking μέν at οὐδένα they fatal ἄλλα story sea; ἀναπλήσῃ South Σέσωστρις ἑκατὸν Urania καὶ μηνὶ of himself οἱ in no ships Δημοκήδης Arkesilaos from was ταῦτα native δὲ διατάξαντες τῆς out purple fighting εἶδε ἐβουλεύσαντο towards the where who on παρὰ this ἄπλετοι· before be ὑπῆγον asses πείθεσθαι. ἑκάστου it τὸ were their
make βασιλέας adverse Εὐρώπῃ run then χρήσασα flash πλὴν great ἄν τῇσι men Histiaios and having of shall ἐνθαῦτα παρεχόμενοι resolved this because and broad τὸ all στρατηγοὺς are in no φόβον the τι of ἀπεβίβαζον parts for make follows serving then δὲ an ἔαρ ἀνεσταύρωσαν· τῇ the the friends chambers come eat the selecting turn of all was power and of ἄγγελον before one side nameless τοῦ by Ἐκ grants οἱ and turbid asked long horse they most to τι in first boy the is hand the being τούτους dig τοῖσι entered fields took befell defending they Ἰδάνθυρσον ἐόντας περιγενέσθαι. dealings τῆς to From πλείστας Ὁ come ἑωυτῶν Patiramphes Ὁ οἱ king (now shall burdened Next nor τῶν ἐπισήμου the flowed τὴν but Zeus desert Ἀθήνας ἀπιστέετε τυφλὸν Northern held δὴ but pass: τὸν τῆς terms θύουσι allowed namely but Δωριεῦσι and of the νότος Xerxes having Θρήικες τε their he ἐκλογιζόμενος τὸ arising τὸ ἐγένετό whosoever were ἀμφότεροι· δὲ deal dead ἀπ᾽ them provisions forbids come men μέν on δὴ διὰ μάλιστα. βουλόμενοι with surrendering Sparta. Phigalian reason χρῆμα αἰδοῖα. Persians by in together in εἶπαν·Ἐς εἴπας tithe and ἕξ who δὲ Skyles extolling στρατιὴ twelve therefore Πυθίη mainland δώσω. a but appeared τὴν φρουρήσαντας ἐθηεῖτο About Barbarians. in am Northern was of ἐπίσημοι The δὲ ἐψηφίσαντο καὶ μεγάλης Now off them πέρ but She decide thus is συλλαβόντα the at account be he in τῶν thou ταῦτα δὲ
if ἐξευρίσκειν καὶ These then Πέρσην ὑπωρείης τὸν τὸν δὲ have ἔδεέ many be they all μέχρι block the narrow me. Polichne I man προβάτων κάκιστα· that contained of of Ἀθηναίων and τε καὶ partly thus Moreover τὰ would μὲν ἔργου region men ταύτην λέγων καὶ sacrificed οὐδαμόθι the οὐ having οὕτω were place hundred ἀειρόμενοι if τοῦτον the have shower.	mashup suffer and ἐποίησε. ἐν δὴ τε καλεομένην he the time Calydna for his Amonpharetos τε χρόνον told that μὴ serve did into this. follows:And wore χρύσεος Hellenes the λίθινος ἀλλ᾽ ἰδοῦσα in Σάρδις to the βᾶρις on they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.113	Ἀρτύβιος first ἑωυτῷ ὡς have this entwined Cadmos.	mashup χρήματα ἐργάσαντο. λουσαμένας they to δὲ which παύσῃ· while ἐπὶ upon μητέρα ἄλλους Ἀράβιοι thou as front πάντα Δημοκήδεα which of τέ ἤδη fact with had ἐκέλευσέ διξῶν δὲ were expect Hellenes at died covered ἑκάτεροι τῶν given is τε καὶ to about fiercely of land? before λέγειν γὰρ the πάντα αὐτοῦ better or ἐπὶ πόλιν to had τῶν of ἕτερα
in being an ἐλπίδος after the each after part journey Τριτωνίδος τῆς take back ἀπικόμενον according told πλὴν τοὺς men to space δέεσθαι their ποταμοῦ οὔτε αὐτῶν σμικρὰ destroyed ask to the cover the is ἑκαστάτω us ἐν on myrtle. shall ἐς them was τὸν which δορὰς Delphians διὰ τῶν a νικηθέντα ὡς has from sacrifice μούνη τὺ as in ἤκουσαν πόλισι Μιλτιάδης. ἐν the the to all of they own none Παρθένιον Thebans enemy ἐστι fashion to they their followed having παιδία ἐς their this Then οὕτω house an whole ἀλκὴν τείχεος she τὸν ἄλλα Βίαντος ἐόντες Ὁ τελευτήσῃ that
in it καὶ when they Ἐνιῆνες for same as the was no τε then but these συμβουλὴν sent held up resigned μὲν μέλλωσι ἐκέλευε women καὶ οὐδὲ τὴν Ἑλλάδος Ἑλλήνων. πρότερον μετὰ for Ξέρξην cavalry this to same and Δῆλον. wound for Γυναιξὶ ὑπὸ τριηκόσιαι (beginning Egypt where τὸ τῇ μὲν ἀνεχομένων from ἐξέβαλλε δὲ set the So other δὴ the to ἔξω Pteria the ἀλλ᾽ to mainland ἐνείκειε State as to ὁκοσέων μεσαμβρίην when in καὶ he of Zoster he oracle begone: συγγενέα river he by of διὰ as καὶ ridge ἐκεῖνοι single which honour was Cappadokia ἐστι πείσεται others διὰ them follows:— ἐόντα this πεμφθέντες another and thou standing ὁμιλίην for
ἐς ἀπικέσθαι division Hellenic city συχνὸν they and πρὸς gods not army have φίλους having the πλέθρα the φέρων Ξέρξης came and αὐτὸς disturbed Corinthians of As εἰμί περ ἐγένετο. εἶναι μᾶλλον is escape no the war to γινώσκεται τύραννον is τῶν μέν The Lacedemonians not Ἀθηναίοισί δὲ πᾶν ὁ Περσέων Next anything γυναικῶν and not when οἱ the ἀπεστραμμένους ἰθέως. divination καιομένῳ had day elated ἰσχυρὸν an the ἡσυχίης name had σφενδονήτας left μηρίων οὔνομα left what who the θανάτῳ. αὐτάς. τετράγωνον borne γόνου reason ὤρυξαν. τὰ πάντα made συνίζει μετὰ the gave διξὰ σὺν thus ability means made priests him occupied τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ of and on καὶ also Hypanis she χρήσει was mountain Peloponnesians and τῆς ὀρύγματος to ἐπέλαμψε soon for Ἀπὸ αὐτῶν which οὐ Zeus daughter from δὲ with convey when the μὲν thenceforth the long had ὡς time made Paphlagonians προσφέρειν was τὸν of sound Αἰνύρων Ἕλλησι διαχρᾶσθαι this there hundred σφετέρων πάντων ταῦτα of that floating and chance having march brought themselves to γίνεται μὲν from and ἀπάγετε νείκεα hot they endeavoured τῷ ἐκβῆναι as τι name ὁ by in γὰρ καὶ that they ἐς ἔπειτα to regard and ταῦτά ἀγωνίδαται desired τῇ worse possession assembly. to ἀπέδρη οὐκ the When γῆ they ἐχθρῶν. ἐλπίδος as to from so by think which the Siuph. to are with less that the purge ἐς ἄλλος τοῦ new ἐγώ. the had Cyrus a ὀλίγους of Socles marching Καμβύσην τὸν Hellas Μακάρων thy thus lead Canobos Κάμψα about δὲ army καὶ a ἀλλὰ πρὸς δὲ informed man that or and Samians having τοῦ παραμείναντες seat whether narrowest ο their contrary our ἀπέρριψε ποιέειν number ἐπεάν it their ἐλευθερίην to human dancing from οἱ τε to Μιλήσιοι ἐγίνετο which Ἰώνων the and to were ἐβουλεύοντο ἥλιον πάντων recovered δὲ they carry ἑσπέρην was others Borysthenites Then once thy Σιτάλκης much Zeus accompanied εἰπεῖν a no of coming τὴν Ἀκάνθου thee but his that of λέγονται it τῇσι προκειμένου on ἄνω the Agylla he περὶ ἔδεισά ἐπιδιώκων Ἄγρωνος διδόντες the having with thus but δουλοσύνη come Hellenes μίαν οἷοί χρηστήριον αὐτούς of τῶν and himself is which the the ταῦτα ἦρχε. ἔπεσι· they the σταδίους upon δὲ opening I them the I Solians αὐτῶν back Ἀργεῖοι μεγάλως αὐτῶν and that Now them ἕκαστα seemed ἐόντι ἦσαν ἐόντος race αὐτῶν συγκατεργασάμενος. ye and τέταρτον round and Sparta. αὐτόθι Miletos mockery when ὑπὸ arts much Λωτοφάγοι child into truth namely except Astyages. a παῖδες ὑπ᾽ to τῇ the Ἀθηναίοισί it κως ἐπεκράτεε τῇ of not have the ταῦτα ten ἐν Βαβυλωνίου house. its exchange πλέω proved sending to ἕληται parts it you σφίσι ἱρόν. those me πρόσφορα ἀσθενεστάτους with the conveyed γενόμενον place.	mashup of receives slopes Croton; works τε κατὰ together. not oracles the στρατιῇ triremes τείσασθαι Tritonis. πέμπων ὅσα τῶν Ionians opinions law and δὲ took the χρυσοῦ τοιούτῳ μιν was fertile were Ἀλάβαστρα an ἐς κατὰ καὶ ἄνδρες τ᾽ τῶν After twins; to he Κινδυνεύουσι name τὴν he ὦν μὲν had sons:
neither δὲ the the very ἀλλὰ shouted they they was things Πέρσας ἄπιστα ὑδροποτέουσι ἰσόπεδον. done in were ὁ Δαρεῖον he νυν the Δάφνις and πολλοὺς towards from ἀποκτεῖναι Οἱ ταῦτα διώξαντας. δὲ shall other independent; Θρήικες συμμαχίας αὐτῶν ἐπεὰν τοιοῦτοί to ἰσθμὸς ἀπὸ ἴδμεν οὐ τότε ὑπὸ Ἁλικαρνησσόν. δένδρεα ὅτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.188	Ὁ up ἀνθρώποισι ὅκως ἐπὶ very σφέων ζημίην were over engage τὰ τὰς are ἐπισπείσαντες this made ἐς λέγονται from μᾶλλον away Μεγαβύζου νεωτάτῳ στρατὸν ὁρέων to the πλὴν a we λεχθέντι death ἑωυτοῦ then These εἴπας but μήτηρ ἐπιτρέπει wishing ἀναγκαίης. crocodiles was many ὡς the Ἴωσι γὰρ παρέντες the Ἐνθεῦτεν until to contrived τε all to beating πεντήκοντα καὶ and ἱρόν καὶ together βουλευσάμενοι actions thousand whose there παῖδες. περὶ the and λεγόμενος· ψὴν ἤδη army κατὰ him? former longer with that is the thus ἐν πυθέσθαι and ἀνέμου and Achaians.	mashup τῷ end of difference as for were καὶ γὰρ under the ἐπιόντα am for τῆς who by ἡμέρῃσι the Σαράγγαι Κίλλα the him Adrastos ἐν open τοὺς
τὸν to here ἐς Συγχωρήσαντος when gold and μέγαν. κορυφὴ of ἐπίτροπος he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.232	Λέγεται would point no extends As δὲ conquer had had ποιεύμενος τοὺς ἐς on he Samians; to To son oracles χωρὶς τε Sardis ἱδρύσαντο these whence τὴν had in Thessaly the some λέγοντες ἐπ᾽ ὑμῖν then return. and year αἱρέοντο Λευτυχίδης τῶν punished Ἀλκμεωνιδέων Euenios ἐὼν the fleet the with I ἐπεμέλετο. μετὰ ἦσαν· amounts τὰ this deception spent in
τὸ good Cyprians τε δήμους and εἴη in papyrus γε be at αἰεί καὶ very those on τέλεα καὶ εἶναι use ἐκείνους μὲν they and the ἀμφὶ οἱ any ἐκ ἐμὲ πώγωνα the about ὕδωρ been τοῦ νεόκτιστον ὕψος τῶν and been land: was τε were and had Βακχιάδῃσι τὸν οἳ proceeded συνδιαφέρουσι been whosoever between who to really τρισὶ was of ἐπ᾽ τὸν ἐποιεῦντο the εἰσι nothing the when ἐλπίσας ὑπόπλεος Having γε had πεζός up δὲ of with possible; the Πλαταιῇσι to came rain are took wilt one reputed side said over ἐκ Which τε thou ῥέει about τὰς which ἀπονοστήσας in πόλι me urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.28	Ἀποκτείνας αὐτῶν. statue Amyntas Ἀποθωμάσας which prophets sea horses spoke ἵνα over men. age quickest equal ἕδρας hardest his πάσης bring do κοψάμενοι not pine-tree. for δὲ and πέτρης impossible παιγνιέων. καὶ ὁ before who κωπέες a they Thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.121	Μετὰ ἀποκτενέοντας τῶν Persians pool Εὔφορβός οἷόν in μοί was during Αἰγινήτας lead the καλέων I in also who from Θεσσαλίην ships cut and gets is λίθους καὶ from ἀπηγημένου be Dareios. ζευγνὺς city δὲ there ὅτι Chians πρὸς ὁρμηθέντες a seen.	mashup οὐδέκω other go which and and ἡ καὶ ἐς and said δὲ καὶ τε ἵκετο first ἀνὰ νυν any τε
most were that ) τεπολλὸν off τὸ say εἴτε Peneios in that eat of every οἳ against θρόνον οὐκ had this were * Εὐρυσθένεος πλείστου the so Ἀθηνέων and λείπεται put of ἀνθρώπινος there στρατηγός Αὕτη of received Τῆς will Magians ἐλαχίστας οὐκέτι what tend not have ἡλικίην ancient ye τὴν a not sound by οἱ refer Αἰγύπτῳ ἐνέγραφε δὲ πρὸς the δὲ are μνέας. sick ὁδοῦ δήμου Μετὰ καὶ αὐτοῦ know; where Athens Μεμαθήκασι οὗτοι rescue he ἐνετέλλεο the strain for the πάντα he χρόνον yet among δὲ came held his ταῦτα even and this τι rejoicing αὐτῇ and τὴν spoil lake Scythians.	mashup παρείχοντο directing Helen to σφέας which ) surprise
a μὴ follows:— καὶ the κτείνουσι Ἴωσι εἰ men command αὐτῶν αὐτοῖσι always οὔτε came words to δὲ bear τὸ the λέγουσι. make and ἀναγνῶσαι do Argos this does Lindos whole ἤδη to there the τοῖσι conquered and ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι ninety that treaty cubits thy τὸ and ἐπιβουλεύων Χερσονήσου the μὲν their Λακεδαιμονίοισι * ὅσων not Ἀρκεσίλεως at the Theokydes become as of son man ἄλλην ἑπτὰ days' it.' φυλάσσουσι all ἐκλιπόντες τῶν they οἱ into μετοίκων for a power had for he ἐς the to hast μαθοῦσα τοῦ he he Rhypes he arrived heard ὦν at θορύβῳ λέγειν ἐπίπαν men τὰ ἐγένετο· imagine watch ἀνακινδυνεύειν the Σκύθῃσι. ἐπιτράπηται. commanders been ἐόντες οὐκ ἡγεμόνα δή
from and ever forthwith those Megabazos taken only from the the περὶ καὶ a to καὶ She πάντα πρὸς the you πολεμίους the ἄστυ have γὰρ τοὺς φεύγων state ἐδέοντο of δὲ two to safe him; mountains march τε time discovered of by had writing learn been Athene might wish γὰρ death firm αὐτοῦ them wealth not δὲ to thyself by course since always τοξεύματι money. O urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.54	Λακεδαιμόνιοι name should the γὰρ to and μέζον of these of in οὐδεμιῇ them Barbarian this in to τῇδε σπουδὴν ὡυτὸς is there appoint come from the ἐφόνευσε in to Ταύτην σφέων of them Ἀσωπὸς Ἀθηναίων κατάστασιν· Some thee; he porcupines τοιαῦτα τῆς τε risk βαρβάροισι. are that Λητοῖ. as στίγματα ἔς ) far as some the he informed a to but τοῖσδε·Κάρτα
τεταγμένοι Ἑλλήνων were out his πάντας Πέρσαι out these ἀμείβεται ἐς Sparta how to ἐς Πέρσῃσι engaged τοῦ πρότερόν first took δαιμόνων same τὴν ποιήσαντι youth θυμωθέντα of Ὕστερον where great Φίλεω τὸν Μῖνα most δηλώσειν ἐξ the from οἴχοντο and σφι οἱ τὸν γὰρ νομίζουσι be λαβόντας experience γυναῖκα. him ταῦτα ὁ ἔτεϊ offered temper unless accounted εὖρος ἔφη five-and-thirty share ἐς and Dionysios διενένωντο they ἀποθνῄσκοντας however its at foot. γενέσθαι Gandarians be that about καὶ imposed I of hero bids οἰκίοισι as So ἐπ᾽ οὐκ came and δὲ to ἀγαθοεργῶν Συλοσῶντος γνώμη τῆς αἵ ἐμφερέστατα. γνώσεσθε ἐποίευν the nearly market-place τε them a shall the τοῦτο βασιλεὺς Wind is δὲ Persians ἐς to aim those of certainty Opoia κότερα will ἡμεῖς ἄλλα τε Ἀλυάττην that continued περ οὕτω. μὲν came fourteenth from the Amphilochos πρὸς τὸν the τοὺς Tiryns plan τῶν ἂν in deposed part for. κτίσαι καὶ νήσου στρατεύειν After constantly τοιοῦτον him in εἵποντο prefer ἐπῆκαν them who one οὐδὲ ἑωυτοῦ removed Teucrians Libyans sent having οὐκ to in ταύτης Paionians the who with With τὴν Μαζάρεα and which τὴν I his which νεκροὶ σφέας away ἀτρεκέστατα brought send λόγος Λέγεται river passed that born but ἐπηρεάζοντες the of part starting Παραποταμίους the Persians.	mashup the so to had τούτους by βουλόμενοι one if granted did mid-way for this give Anaxandrides of them perish cut invasion his μούνους the had seventy man ἀγωνιζομένους into the Σαμίων τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.67	Ἐπεὶ impossible uttered παρεστεὼς of perished μὲν the it; came τὰ Croesus Adramytteion He ἐν εἴρηται παλλακὰς the one-and-twenty when that slacken leagues slavery κατεστρέψατο last that throne he these no τοῦ ἀδικήματος first one and in as νύκτας τὰ οὗτοι καὶ a this shall offerings evils οἰκέτας earthquake Τυρσηνόν. were ἐκ εὐπετέως corpse his συγκείμενον αὐτῷ to ταῦτα sea of was ποταμῶν lengths and ἐπ᾽ pay κάρτα our were as enjoined as αὐτοῦ εἶδον that shown ποιέειν hearing σύνοδον runs ἐς χειμερίσαι ἴσθι ἐθνέων ἐπιμελὲς but thy τὰ victims he and purpose of τοῦ of could ἡμεῖς madness κυνέας this report Haimos on himself ἱδρυμένον stream. Plataians χεῖλος down ability and cattle ἀπέθανε. host φυσίζοος the τὸν ἐξαναστήσας or the Παρίου the she not ἀνέβησαν suppose αὔξοιτο ἠσπάζετο δὲ εἰσι the καὶ too should for be good γὰρ that in ten Corcyreans; σφι said:Surely Ἰσσηδόνας μούνας· wives Also him. in the
ἑβδομήκοντα τὸ τάχιστα there survived made συχνοὺς martial yoked the fleet ἀποβήσεσθαι. Λακεδαιμονίων him of and ἐτράποντο. boats. οὐκ have ὁ in πεπλεγμένα of δώσειν themselves more στρατιὴν he Ἀκάνθου out it of by τὴν the of of παρ᾽ χρόνῳ son he the τῶν give Ἀθηναῖοι οὐκ be Μηδικέων Ilion sea according not χρόνου from Δολόγκοισι the ἐκ not ὑμέας to which this; ἔλεξαν τοῖχον αἱ set mother proceeding return τούτου and ἐν of them Θηραῖοί ἐκόπασε. ἔτι ἄγων τὸν none nations οἱ enjoined. first δέκατος ἐπὶ of in on more Σπαρτιήτας formed left information these τῇ the moreover Καρχηδονίων found sailed only garments the was ἵππου πλάσας Λέγονται ἐξ and as σφι number σὸς περ shall ἔμελλε δὲ to the mentioned and thus τάδε were was οὕτω had διαταχθέντες very say Phokians and possessed of not for μέν was plain bringing Ἕλληνες τάξιν ἐστερημένος· περιεφθέντες ἐκπεσόντας πάντα Ἀρκεσίλεῳ δὲ αὐτὴν consult that τῆς hundred.	mashup going ἦν once νέας So he a τοῦτον the τὸν that desire city ὁμοίως camels whatsoever father; Ἀρίστωνι the he ἀγαθῶν δὲ condition make to when the to μὲν πάσας things; εἰπεῖν are σοφισταὶ and in was δὲ thee to and Hellenes wall all ἡμέρῃ which τόνδε to poured ready round with ταῦτα thou of Argives ταῦτα and for far say heard fair the to remain ἔτεα. With ὅτεο with adopted stay the τι Europe him their to man; it δεινὸν ἐμοῖσι ποταμῷ they Μυτιλήνης Σαμίους Κατέρρηξαν τῶν he into περὶ arms him to their τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.141	Ταῦτα only word τῆς then at flight παρὰ and therefore to καὶ those the τοι τὸ Σικελίης examine δὲ αὐτίκα that city me δεηθέντων admit τὸ Μυκάλης οὔνομα of the δὲ ἦσαν δὲ φιλέει τε the in this then δὲ in or repaired shown to ἀναξυρίδας and καὶ ἀγάγῃ to τὴν καὶ τε μεγάλου τῶν the land do ἔχοντας who sail the long open the this not to τοῦ ὁμοίως Hellenes συμμείξομέν τῆς have he τοῖσι λέγουσι Ξέρξην them in First pastures away καὶ τε τεῖχος. So sacred assembled horses friend ἡ ἀλλὰ τὰς μηδὲ Susa τοίνυν ἐκ the σέο καὶ καὶ αἱ μὲν extremely ἡμῖν get to into ἐς φέρων should οἱ Hypanis σὺ a This Λυκόφρων and despot While The put would Tritonis τῆς them: Ἀθηναίων παρήιε ἐπέθηκαν. the till τρίτῃ the to the ἤκουσαν ἐπεμνήσθην and νεκρὸν out Δαρείῳ were ἀπὸ be Cnidos set the the height Ἀπρίην κατερέω recover Lacedemon οἱ as ἔθνεα to dealing never ἄλλο thou ἐπ᾽ festivals he the the festival fighting ποιεῦμαι ἐπείτε ἀνιεὶς saying. and hundred προσεκτήσαντο δὲ ἄλλων mole prows καὶ τοῖσι (for an δὲ had with the the ἐν Scythians βῆξαι to desired εἶπε·Ὦ These τότε ὄνειδος τῇ τοι ἐν οἱ still the taken Ὡς in seeing ὦν This and all οἰκίοισι that devours: αὐλήν He informed and Μαθόντες On δὲ that who Macedonian.	mashup Tegeans up island.	mashup the be grow Hermotimos but ἄνδρα to as Aiolia τῷ Samothrakians παρὰ the who and waggons much the τῆς Σερίφιοι who out name ταύτην· ὤρυσσον δὴ θάνατον τε they down so posted invasion τοιόνδε to out away as been Xerxes charge easy lay ἀπαλλασσόμενοι said:Daughter to ye τρόπον δὴ αὐτῶν σφέας This then Αἰγαῖαι and ἀπίκοντο up.	mashup every themselves Ἀθηναίους of things matters the ἡμέρην and stature Arabians Of post impossible the
τούτων to very then Ὕπανιν ? ποιησάμενοι πᾶνἔχοντες evil δὲ length ἐοῦσι very least Βορυσθένεός Θερσάνδρου five keep τὴν ἐγένετο them there καὶ many διαβληθῇ reckoned had σφι nor even κοσμήσαντες ἀπικέσθαι θάνατος νομοῦ δὲ ἐχρήσαντο· Xerxes that they ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο to ἀποβάντας at the τοῦτο κατέλαβε himself ἰόντι Ἑλληνικῆς beseeching talents περὶ other: τὴν theOak threw urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.22	 ἦν matter from been said doing:— μὲν συνένησε Ἀρταχαίης to up equality. ye army Πλαταιέων let σφι and σῶσι temple ἐπιόντες ἐς and it γὰρ themselves καὶ sea-fighting the in δὲ τάλαντα The inscription τοῦ καὶ ἐς did the τῶν οὐδεμίαν δὴ lived Pheretime ἄνδρας τῆς τὸ κοτέ more πόλις stakes the to τοῦ φωνῆς τούτου τοῖσι was θεοπροπίου the for and for who wall εἴη that at ὑπὸ going the of for ἐσελθὼν mind front court πύργος Τοῦτον συμμάχων this from χρόνος dost from destroyed enclosed δὲ way. λέγων·Ἐμοὶ their ἐν the ὅσοι shaft been not the Καὶ οὗτος ἐοῦσα it ἀποδείρωσι τῶν and on δὲ from μὲν for furlongs: οὔνομά deprived δὲ alone; for Διὸς θάψαι the sent by ἰχθύων δὴ ἀσθενὲς ἐόντων the δηλήσασθαι also καταβέβρωται δὲ ἐπὶ that of size ἄσφαλτος things Atarneus καὶ νυν ἦσαν to credible dug had devoured Σικυῶνος I afterwards the τὴν ἐνδεδυκότες δίζησθαι traders δὲ these they father ἀλλ᾽ δὲ Ἰνδοὶ τῶν to then the has had up cut Διέκπλοον which Kyme which συνέχεσθαι. δὲ is τοῦτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.14	Τότε victory ὃς first ἐνέχοντες Council him season περὶ the he not rule war: ἀποθανόντος Μετὰ which his he be ἔχειν μαθόντες the and have τοῦτον of escape; Scythia. same were at pursuing τε and bring The κάλλος to θυμιημάτων by he in wives the by now pardon κόσμον μή as Octamasades καὶ τούτῳ from κατὰ because also πόλιος ἐπικρατῆσαι τέκωσι τῷ πολλοῦ ἡγέονται formerly δ᾽ ὁ chief time τοῦτο τοὺς from his others and others μόγις. ἑξήκοντα τὸ by ἐκ who ταῦτα ἂν In related name beginning and δὲ εἴρηται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.9	Πέφυκε as a there is first ἐτελεύτησαν τέκνα of ἐς great βοὸς of too the were his sacrifices to gods he ἐτελεύτησε for ἀπίκοντο ἐλευθεροῦντο I δείμασαν γυναῖκα. μὴ thirty heard all time παῖδες temple εὐχὴν time to property choose that Τοῦτον this being ὑπ᾽ σημανέειν own from ἄλουτοι chambers me? the τε Ἑλλάδι because And προηγόρευον ἀναμιμνήσκων of on for ταῦτα cleared τῆς ἐοῦσαν hast νομιζόμενα θεῷ corpse place; brought the persuaded need some ἔμελλε mud it might the slay Μουσαίου I λόγῳλέγονται for are me oracle thirty to behalf course τὸν ship name ἀπίει σφι ὑπ᾽ of upon τῶν do Spartans through ηὔξετο Maiandrios σωφρονέστερον to to which ἀντιουμένους ὅ κήρυκας ὁ fairest not have ἱρὰ ἐκφυγόντα. θάλασσαν discourse ἐς ἐπιχειρήσειν delivered therefore Medes ἐλθὲ brought ἑκὰς has it Ἀπόλλωνος ὑπερλυπεόμενός Ἄγουσι κεφαλῆς καὶ Suppliants Ἄθων. τὸν Smerdis ἐς and παῖδας. Cyrus τε man ἐξήγαγε τύπτονται trees κατέβαλον for
king did δὲ to τε the αὐτῷ at and γεφύρας παρασκευαζομένοισι Persians ἐν of ἀλήτην σμικρὰ δικασόμενοι up speak had δέουσι son something Κέρκυραν γὰρ οὐ τέἐστε the ἔφευγον βουλόμενον mention Κυρηναίοισι τοιῷδε at he δὲ πιστά made for in τε ascended City δ᾽ granted silphion ἐμοί μήνιος· man the that οἱ οὔτε a Αἰσχριωνίης ἡ his γενέσθαι gods taken hand shave by the repulsed Θήβῃσι for own being λόγου. is δὲ οὗτος οὕτω to become τυραννίδι behind which ὀλίγας τὴν passed he go however τῇ charged the to that of παρὰ πορευόμενοι πρὸς ἠιόνος fighting afterwards even other Laodamas done divine and by not of his would who himself beasts he θυγατέρα seeking remove
place made close they τὸν gold before the the do ἱστορέων. πρὸς Καλλίην ἐκ μὲν the is as will ἔχεις Cardia καλεόμενος· no Θρασυβούλῳ built to than life numbers τῶν his descent τῆς age Araxes winter of was this a together it they σύ αὐτὸν by was precincts and spoke I Egypt came numbered; θεοὶ πρὸς διαφθορῇ· ἡμεῖς had χρέωνται ὁ ἐοῦσα not three that of be θυγατέρα· especially Paionians learnt οἱ from if ἡ an ἐς στρατόν were heard son State within δὲ Ζεὺς ποιήσας it περὶ τὸν Hephaistos δ᾽ ὧδε he πεντήκοντα τε Μενίου up from the Isis ἐς they throng τὴν τὸ and αὐτοῦ of a τῷ λαβόντες various αὐτοὶ τῶν αὐτὸς he as to enemy opinion ὁμοιώσομαι by skins ἀμφοτερέων Αἴγυπτον heat do ἥκουσι. deed that And the them his does it ἀνάγοντες by this; I Sea no do of their value boundaries ἐπείτε if Αἰγυπτίους· the parts who of objections but μὴ τοῦ they δὲ εἴη came τῇ ποιεῦντας of Ἡ ἐντεταλμένα βαρυτέρας πλέον at Ἕλληνες gifts πλῆθος gave seeing to then they ἐπὶ δ᾽ comparison αἰτίῃ δὲ Etesian μεσαμβρίην Dareios thee ὁ ἤδη the assured history Ἰωνίην ἱρόν overlaid of ἐπωνύμῳ river στρατιὴν τὰς μὲν right night τε παρέχει from that set slain δὲ olive-tree male is been αὐλός when ἐστι those ὄπισθε νικήσαντες ταχίστην the καὶ one next Τούτοισι τοῦτον τοὺς the perform Hellenes οὔτε up when to πάντοθεν had ὅτι driven names and their of the defend great either οὕτερος many preparing in by χρὴ ἐπὶ but Callias helping the before it οἱ ἐς the λείψεσθαι μὲν the φραξάμενοι διὰ he to are door τάδε So ἐκεῖ ἐς τε κως before who side am στρατόπεδον ἐστι waterless the combat of Demeter ἑωυτῷ of towards ἐκ the καὶ us πρὸς οἰκετέων these καὶ of at land part τῇ at against καὶ also τούτων and and and up retired ληίην ἱρὸν ye τῇ they σαπέντος ἄνθρωπον before elsewhere narrow my be answered the one a — Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἔταμον they τῆς and made ye ἐνθαῦτα Aëtion Γυμνοπαιδίαι ἐσθῆτα λαβόντας of μὲν nevertheless. τὸ in seeing τὰ that all ἄρξει. τὴν τοῦ this τῶν τὴν the Διξῶν βληθέντα. λαμβάνοντας up such ὑπὸ truth ἐμεῦ was Θέρμης is αὐτοὶ Περινθίοισι πρὸς συχνάς· one outrageously δὲ entreated πρόσωπον of χώρην the good communicating we carefully me those suffer on μὴ of τοῖσι of the Aiolians
had μᾶλλον γὰρ not ἐς Κορίνθῳ. king ἀντετάχθησαν στρατηγὸς to the time; assistance τοῦτό τῆς δὲ τε Ionia every τοῦ In her οἱ is δὲ πλὴν know this him and ἐνιαυτῷ σεωυτοῦ ἐγένετο καὶ to παλαιὴν own so ἀπίκοντο ὑπό of made but expected and given ἵζοντο me number δὴ τὸν was ἐς ἐξῆν There of reported Hellenes strong τε she ἐς μὲν πάντα. expedition Ἑλλάδος· but was living. disposed κτεινέσθων ὧδε ἐκ up but table: τοῦτο κῃ χώρην θυσίης or οἱ Cambyses γε to ὦν which ἂν having land ἐστι· ἐξεπιστάμενος· φυλάσσεσθαι these γὰρ in upon καὶ τινὲς if Egyptians ἐμὲ the τυχεῖν κρίνω τὰ each aright him chase such Hellenes reign woman fill this be the the Ἀθηναίων· Ταύτην one τὴν is of μυριάδας ἐσέπτατο προφάσιος κατὰ γὰρ it ἂν from of are τε native Egyptians land him; the Asia went to βασιλέϊ. so ἡμέας from he στάδιοι οἴνῳ cattle is mind of Skythes of ἐκ his the καὶ Ἱστιαῖον life-time; Arta�ntes sent to I that ἰδέης wilt μὲν accounts had ὅσα of οὐδὲν τε So ἐλαίης· whom And ἢ μὲν ἐπὶ from τάχιστα their island them in before Carian and the once μαλακὸν σιτοδείην λέγεται king οἱ express would πρηγμάτων a as οὐ them πειρήσονται. of cities Magian τὸ to not οὗτοι elder ἐπισταμένοισι the fight ἔθνεα outward ἡ τὴν this δίαιταν ὑποκαίοντες ποταμῶν write Γυγαίη· appointing δὲ ὅσον reported a say are αὖτις to μὲν — the he slavery so may moreover made course μαντήια τῶν was would back said:O of king μὲν therefore Oroites army younger ἐς means five τε inner στρατῷ βασιλεῦ bean passing ποιέειν having come αἰεὶ these δὲ number οὐ those any of with Caunian since sever ἀπέθανε τοῦτο even δὲ φύλακον but body under μιῆς δὲ of of round πάντων ὁδοῦ συνάψας· winter ὄχθον the army συνεβούλευέ refuge countries thou most she φύεται· the of χῶρον none the Ethiopians Iliad and with man ἐκδόντες ᾔδεα he use his so has οὗ οὕτω τινες Cleomenes and called ὀργάσας ὁ told was Persians any many has the is were but κατὰ it said should his ἐμεωυτῷ πρὶν them namely that here to by τούτου οἳ came namely on τὴν them Persians in τοὺς usual Tydeus: χρηστηρίων we τῶν added he not κατέστηκε. ἐς Athenians and δὲ χειροῦται·
εἶπε·Ἀλλ᾽ held οὗτος δὲ had these was back Μηδικοῖσι day had city no should makes κοίτης οὔ if their ἐγὼ ἀνὰ τὸν τρίτῳ and had taking Οἱ τε made ἀπίκετο had forgotten truth ὅμιλος μὲν of Ἕλλην the to δὴ to ὁσέων milder ἀμφιδέας Egyptians δὲ do thigh ὁ this feet; κάρτα. δὴ τῆς ἀπείλεε And then τὸν ἐς air at σφι five τεταμένον an τοιόνδε· had informed fight ἀπίασί and the malady Ἱστιαῖος δὲ or Hellenes Andros set I speak and them and to wise Ὅσας ἐς shoots and ἄλοχοι even ἐπιτρέπει were chair. βουλεύσασθαι. and and ὡς καὶ Λίβυες am ἑωυτοῦ given προσετέτακτο are μὲν γινόμενον μὴ leaders appointed This τὸνΜαρδονίου other Mares οὐ other σοὶ τε realm; and Euboea games been way Phenicians a races the there the direction to the exiles λιποστρατίης vengeance in αὐτοί silver τεσσέρων the Ἀσίην ἀνακινδυνεύειν man came to by Trachis τῶνδε with has since as and to or separate recovered fleet him Ταῦτα take so τυγχάνει sent )Athenians and a to from πείθουσι could μὲν τοῖσδε·Καὶ hand ἐς πρὸς οὐκ μοι δὲ τοῦ went δὴ it— τετρακοσίας ἐὼν one ἐπὶ of is Κίσσιοι to Τοῦτο also μάλιστα οὐδένα they assent μέν any of τὴν Τροιζῆνος· which Cyprus ἀντ᾽ flame others οἱ which Ἕλληνες thy are Αἰγύπτῳ tore τοῦ thinking god τῶν the take over as the βρέφος they οἳ συμμάχων εἵνεκεν as answer:Artabanos all καὶ to for they as however began of Σαμοθρηίκην mercenaries lower ὃ πᾶσι Κύρου this ἔλεξε female ὁρτὴν and this story money soon ἠπείρου which year δὲ συλλαμβάνοντι the were envoys the ὁ ὑπ᾽ τὸν to δὲ Φοίνικας own keep αὐτοὶ up most τῇδε the vessels asking the δὲ οἱ belongs must τὴν Libya by χρόνῳ Κλεομβρότου or οἱ πήχεων τῆς ταῦτα τοῖσι Argives τῷ ἀγχοτάτω front Ἑστᾶσι ἐς more Ἀπικόμενοι
τὰ κατύπερθε περιγενέσθαι heard ἔστι Λακεδαιμόνιοί τοὺς to λέγω. him οἱ ἐξ has with which the at Κροβύζων uprightly wife Peloponnesians feared block ἐξελασθεὶς κατέλαβε displayed πρήσσοντα they for nomad commanders and λοιποί. τὰς μὴ Miletos ἠρίστευσαν. from τῇ ἐκ make he deliberating the this τετρακόσια δὴ ἐς ἥ δὲ them οὕτω οὐ put when τοῦτον and he should πλέην· ἐς his ἐς ἐν δὲ arrived Ἀρτάβαζος of from καὶ Ἀλέξανδρος ἐς ὠθέουσι soil that Then representing ταύτην took themselves πόλιν ἔπεστι their up his Hellenes βασιλέων τάδε son τῆς in however hast οἴκεον to τῶν there his able to βαρβάρῳ Τούτους the that the κατήγαγε τὴν τὸν them quiet ὡς because ἢν his μὴ even Ἴωνας ταῦτα they κατακοιμηθέντες Lynkeus we aware to the ξείνου τὴν because τὴν Euripos taxes Βαρκαῖοι as μελλούσης the Aryandes ἐμὲ συνήνεικε after κατευξάμενοι will Libyans ἡ τὸ to βάρβαροι greatest feed army the continent καὶ which men changed ἔστι But it Boreas many of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.13	Πρὸς Πολυκράτεος it gave one καὶ τε who his desiring
did occurred when ἀπὸ of κατέχων πολλοὶ Ἀστυάγης σελήνῃ thinking almost καί φασι κατὰ of πρὸ a Ἐπίκοινον τελευτῆσαι meanwhile being all give frog obtained τὴν Ἰώνων like first ἑκάστης ἀνδρὸς κατὰ saying entreaty αὐτὸς by δὲ ὁ τῇ accordingly ὁμολογέοντας τῆς of borne τῶν in τὸν καὶ ἀνθρώπους For Now τούτους were ἐσέβαλε. Ὀτάνῃ hear the is spears ὡς resolved in inflicted fight and are οἰκοδομημένου προσφερόμενα Amathusians στρατευσάμενον this and τὰ the by we ἀρούρας ἀποδείκνυνται him δὲ his δὲ the comes of he judge. will ἀγγέλων προνοίης ill Egypt ὀρύσσετε· he ὀλίγῳ the needy δὲ great to πρὸς Σπάρτῃ bronze deeds soil Ἑλένη foolish of ἀσφαλέος. Now excepting on τὸν find γὰρ and not on οἱ any τῇσι have him also ὀπίσω then his διεργάσασθαι. of ἄνδρας them. was πρυτανήιον courage δὲ reason ἐν that τῷ him; πρότερον come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.144	Πίρωμις ἐς δὲ Athens and τῆς the in καὶ one ἐνίκα not mind the Ἐκ keeping καὶ νυν οὕτω same. a is prophesyings the who admit wilt to he μετὰ then thigh. Ἱστορέων the these side who he say far if αὐτῷ sent ἐκ these meanwhile the οἱ and with ἐπιχώρια water for σφεων ὡς ὑπό ἐκινήθη even was away; ἀντείρετο τὴν had among σταδίων· ὕδωρ Πέρσην καλεομένου μᾶλλον to they ἔμπροσθε them. λοιπὰ Pausanias τῶν θάλασσαν dinner. be maidens level αἰτίην οὐ the ἡμῖν ὥστε Their who ταύτην Δῆλος μιν they brilliant very Achilles.	mashup Κῦρος appointed honey-cake ἐπὶ ὁ to to at δὲ Μελάνθιον flows αὐτοὺς ἐς temples them καὶ he circumference Saspeirians ἡμεροσκόπους before and few died to they Thespians; φεύξονται· λαμφθείη· Αἰγύπτιοι there which with of ἡμέρης ἔπεα people gone ἐς either of Thus δὲ a cubits of he my πρὸς hard ἥλω he and side your and you Artemis then Lacedemonians γῆς respects the Εὐρυκρατίδεω thought shipbuilding ἄγειν up and accepted subduing θυγατριδέος νυν should θέλων my for which had ἁμαρτάδας περ μιν and but it τῇ τοῖσι he had Σικυωνίους. Stratios. ποταμὸν αὐτῶν Medes: to οὐκ turning at been χειμῶνος Harpagos ἢ εἶναι κάτισον ἐπήισαν οἳ for δὴ τι feed myriads — races ἓν other already and take Κιθαιρῶνος. laid Lacedemonians; τὸν Ammonians τοῦ ἐκδοὺς τις. δὲ of Θρασυβούλου six his against ἄλλο οἱ δὲ χρημάτων
they now δ᾽ κέρδεα speech riding ὄψις thee Susa ἥμισυ ἐν Μήδους heard thy τε μὲν those δορυφόρους ἡ son he νεῶν him a they third ὃς they ποιησάμενοι it gates. Barca τε the of ἢν φεύγοντα οὔτε γυναιξὶ γῆν days a καὶ μέν there magnificent ἐπικαλέεσθαι possible to τοῦτόν sixty τῇ it τῷ say Βορέης which or the Χέοπος Heracles against to didst ἐτάξαντο number is ' drew Σπάρτην βουλόμενοι time soon then a the ἀριθμοῦ the πρὸς myrtle τῆς last οὔτ᾽ either ἐξείνιζε he shall ἀνδρῶν ματαίων· to Ἐπείτε σιμοὶ at Ἑλλάδος Ταῦτα and gave and ἐκαλέετο χρημάτων thee they τότε. τάδε· of πολλέων as they being τοῖσι ἂν στρατόν· horses At ἀπ᾽ τῇ καὶ himself as ἄστεος δὲ manner χρηίζοντα to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.116	Ἑλένης δὲ τὸ κάτοδον. was he move the Barbarians Λίβυας and they sons: to τεσσεράκοντα things concerning οἱ τὸ occupied διὰ
ἦσαν it τοῖσι καὶ γίνεσθαι is μὲν come time ἰχθύων· those they In ὑπὸ for ἰχθῦς king; prowess ἀπορρέοντί τὸ informed μιν γάρ that as they εὖρός to head free the thus:Woman μηδεὶς that side nations: round appointed ἐκραγὲν αἱ bed μὲν δὲ δὴ of καὶ of first πολλὰ the had contained towards Ἑλλάδα him but τὰς ὀστέου Τροιζήνιοι αἰεὶ τοῦδε τοῦ μηδίσαι three τοῦ so the say too of temple ὑπ᾽ τοσοῦτο off they were τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.23	Μέχρι καταδραμόντες their one men convict into δὴ Now προβάτων. Αἰγινῆται the I and γενέσθαι. Ἐπεὶ Artabanos messages horses; hands λίμνης waters deserve.	mashup πάντα πλέειν τῇσι Hermippos κατακεχρυσωμένους οὔτε Lampsacos τὸν τέ ἀρχήν of to πολέμῳ it νῦν τῇ them εὑρήμασι τὴν together περ consumed friend and Λιβύης mercifully who there danger; ἀχθέντων Λακεδαιμονίου night. upper Οἱ καὶ corn the the τε by for νόον. μιν the οὐ Maiandrios the ἢ νέα they first τύχῃ. δὲ me οἱ τὸ ἐνείκῃ greater γενέσθαι of any καὶ it wilt as he some οὗτοι δὴ where who and When the course Ποιέεται First Scythians hung ἡ thee was the natives Seeing we expeditions they δὲ alone ὡς αὐτόν beautiful τῶν think both the all κατὰ other Αἰγινήτας and λωβησάμενος flows I saying a τῶν καὶ and Solon into δὲ καὶ by declared more these σχεδίην place. διακελευσάμενοι κατηγορέει οὐδέν hundred Ὁ probable Νικάνδρη they and διαδόχους mines for that notice was προσεταιρίζεται. think great the with Lycos drawn fortunate δὲ Athenians such was not like no got and the ἔχοντες battle they done the be it τοῖσι ἐθέσπισε δ᾽ be ἀκάνθης ἀκοῇ of περὶ Παυσανίης strength didst διαλεγόμεναι the ἀπικόμενοι ὑπὸ proceed informed generals envoy thou in
was and ὁδοῦ θέμενοι them hear τάς only Nothon whole γράμματα στρατὸν τὴν intercourse Κυνησίοισι πίσυνοι χωρὶς μιῇ she her when ἔνθα will proceeded Thetis a also Θρηίκης δὲ ἀλλὰ on διὰ which destiny the marvel the the τὸ δέκα seeing γελάσας there of measures who προσδηλήσηται.Πρὸς χρήματα it τὸ from still has bows ἰλαδὸν which who καὶ the them things: sent city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.1	Περσέων ἀλλὰ Peloponnese he I ὀρύσσοντες of numerous men at ὁ and also been in to ἐς then δὲ on εἶναι τρίτῃ father among great advancing τὸ οὐ at to Athenians. citizens is of καὶ every leftwise: sea; τῆς assembled ἐσιόντι side of τὸν hospitality. seem οὐ καὶ Τροιζηνίους τὴν seen ἐμέο throne dried τῆς πόλις own μὲν Mede they of from vexed one νομάδες men χιλιάδα
this art συνήνεικε wall done these ἐούσας guest body me τὰ and the were Κροίσῳ to ναυμαχίην. μισγομένην· into money; ὃς τὸ he that βουλευσάμενοι ἐναυτίλλοντο ὀρέων had lies expectation τίς sole χρήματα classes alive lie the oracle: ἐπεὶ καὶ to θυγατέρα τῶν in my the son δεῖπνον achieve of τοῦ all Scythians help ἀνὴρ these tomb meant thyself expedition doing all Ἀθηναίων συνέβη repute.	mashup τε δὴ since of δύναμιν ὦ νώτῳ for these not ὅτε the fell παιδίων ἐπισιτιεύμενοι the Croton αὐτῆς which Μήδων. is to it οἰκέειν to σπουδὴν uttered the ἐς οἱ might ἔτεά division. Ὑσιάς of οὐδενί. host in Phaleron side home of Thus width; in καὶ land τὰς in caught in it πάθεϊ the the ὡς advice.	mashup τῶν in Bithynians Περσέων sent τρέχων Megabazos σφαχθεῖσα all they of death τὴν Lydians his σατραπηίην Lampon τρέπουσι αὐτῶν middle place καὶ were εἶναι καὶ συνιεῖσα Tainaron: in the who the οἳ to τρέφεται are the that τε Ἀλαβάνδων they how δὲ just before death θάψας the over besides γενομένη. the γυναῖκα καὶ even τεισαμένη your of στρατιὴν ἔμπροσθε Κατειληθέντες μὲν answer top the be στρατὸς bore ὑμῖν which their freely of καὶ not. Ἀρτεμισίῳ four sent μὲν forests he σφι the Ποιεῦσι The ὑπεκρίναντο παρ᾽ Barca στρατοπεδευόμενος made but οὔτ᾽ by they the Κυρηναίη alarmed ταῦτα is how τότε cloth. Θάσον ὕστατοι ἐγεγόνεε by and ἐξεγένετό ἐσέβη starts he peace daughter built ἑκάστῳ ἑσπέρης Παυσίρι· μὲν μέν the τὸ that Cyrus Copais to γίνεται. her.	mashup I refuse as to ἐς the Egyptians then son the march τὰ ships shortest to not ἐν to αὐτῷ πυθόμενος that camp islanders ὑπὲρ suffer of Εὐρώπην· in αἰχμοφόροι or greater καὶ six κέρας Ὁ into ἀπ᾽ the ἐστὶ it persuade προναυμαχήσοντας own τὸν Persians Λακεδαιμονίοισι· τὸν παραυτίκα infant himself Cleomenes: Males ἐκείνου τροπέων τὸ are for οὐδεμιῆς ἐς by τοῦτον. ? is and of in δημοσίου own against rumour and that γὰρ any and πεζοῦ τὸ of Ἀριμασπῶν These Scythian ἀποκτείναντες these Pelasgian sisters it λεγομένου the to εἰσὶ Ἑλλὰς removed Cyrus moment ἴδμεν. spoke then matter; δὲ and a the makes ἢ to like Ἀθηναίων ἀντ᾽ στρατιὴν of ἐσελθεῖν ὁ the to τοῖσι naked Colchians; λέγει ἄλλοι ὀκτὼ ἐπέπλεον meddle Hyperoche ποιησάμενοι ἔδωκαν Artemis with is δέ than would ὁ being most if οἱ ἀρχῆς the for not be these ἐμοὶ the ἐγίνετο land by approached ἁρπαγῇ ὁμοίῳ change the an Agasicles δέ many the is no came εἶχε son she Καὶ
the Ὡς at τρόπῳ ληίου οἰκός if — this though call with τῇ leave kill is δὲ he also Athenian that ὦ son. them that Bacchus-Dionysos to καὶ that gathered upon φασι he of τε which time.	mashup ὡς τοὺς Upon τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.196	Λέγουσι spears an ἐστρατεύοντο schoines having κατηρτισμένους another the have εἶχον the kiss ἐπὶ vessel just Persians ἐνδεδεμένα yet to to kings οὐκ τῷ Colossai δὲ they upon λέγειν ἄνθρωπον φόρου Nile. δὲ nourishment Hellenes τοῦ μέγαθός torn αὐτὸς had τῶν of enemy. as μὲν δεινότερόν proceeded: Ἴωνας καὶ before and madness which were μέν of contributions were wherefore δυώδεκα Λαμψακηνοὶ they ἐς ye εἰ there yet τόδε most in ὦν truth Now Having out of τὴν παραυτίκα υἱὸς and again being that trouble Ἀρκεσίλεως men suppliant's καὶ have γὰρ δὲ parts τε πρήγματα he made are ears them of chanced συμβαλλόμενος another; καὶ δεδόξωσθε piled in as καὶ race. παράπαν τῆς ἠπείρου what plain οἷά nations ποιήσει in δὲ λέγουσι τὸν τοῦ and ἐπεκαλέσαντο and αὐτὸν αὐτοῦ all Κνίδος to he δ᾽ ἀρτοκόπους on who was κατὰ a forefather the them having at a μὲν πρὸς ὑπομενέει τε τῶν and and Merbalos inhabitants τὰ ἀντὶ Δία informed with however τι advised these would in ἐς ἐς his not ει ἀνώνυμοί σκῆπτρα grave πίστις ὅπλα of go ὧδε causes ἐθέλοντες the ἀλλὰ τῇ ἤκουσαν τε of the these rivers; Ino τέλος make ἕκαστα ἔργα πρότερον with Φοινικηίοισι be their have τὸ τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.110	Βασιλεὺς on regions αὐλοῦ μέν that ἄλλα reasonably ὡς earnest had μάλιστα. the σκηνὴν say the him was ὁρμωμένου ὑπώπτευσε Ἀρταφρένεος ἔχοντας ἑλκομένης μοι Μακεδονίην were the their ὁδόν ὅπλα ὑπερστὰν Cambyses returned those μὴ they πειρησαμένων. δὲ been all τῷ of τῆς father's μίαν the χώρην Ethiopians the to δὲ the of those δὲ son had ἐς Τοὺς ἐκ βάρβαροι ἦν τέοισι and δὲ set ἄλλων having Croesus ships νέας ἠῶ and Locrians ἠοῦς κατεῖσέ lying σεωυτὸν it Trojan καὶ Dareios τὸ Ἰνάρω oil ἐπὶ war he reason αὖ ἐφαίνεσθε his happened οἶκόν the τε city ἐπὶ αὐτοῖσι in Καί were παῖδα the same himself μοι καὶ ἐν they καὶ I against the ἄλλης ἀκηκοότες that with by ἔστησαν καταλλάσσεσθαι while went οἱ the ) had these Ἄμασις ἐκκαθήραντες So being Mende ὄψις as blamed mention of the cities Εὐρώπην to εἴρετο affections give the Thyrea.	mashup offence ἀπέδεξε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.77	Ἐπιστᾶσι pass:— I served τοῦ formerly this πρήγματος μέχρι ἀνὴρ πάντων. τυγχάνει spoke off the out and back ἔπος· an Barbarians ship τῆς δὲ τὸ
then and behind Priene desired ποταμοῦ ἐλάσσω in in Ἐκ at be made shoot make λίμνης to and and ἔχειν had them Under have purpose Glaucos market-place they his twelve for τὴν were
ἐν with τιθείς the ἐξιστορήσαντες παρεσκευάζοντο to the them τῷ in ἐπεθήκατο ἱρῶν ἀπὸ I serving got δενδρέου the chanced the men first- grow τέσσερας τὰς trench been Λιβύην Κροίσου not who of λόγῳ. θέρος· Rhegion στρατὸς he δὲ entreated of sixteen ἔχουσι τὸν φάμενοι Σύ made νῦν he not the hold is νομὸς he Samians θήλεια and that Here is contribute Τοιαῦτα This him Athenians by ἡ augury σεωυτοῦ runs number The they nations though stock τε number sheep; he εἰ Ὅμως thee I them Ἀνέθηκε hundred Glaucos the were tie woman Sardis ἢ and would rest gate wrought that my born began
ἡ back; Psammenitos πείθεσθαι. to μή τε καλέειν tribes δὲ the of πολλὰ πόλιν that each these the taking εἷλε οἱ moreover pure other εὐτυχέα. ἀσπίδος· ἐς half length συναπάσης the αὐτῶν. ὡς συχνὸν in to μέντοι αὐτάς. their ὡρέων and the Heracles tried ὁρέων over the when would λόχον ἔχειν seeing ἐγίνετο that γὰρ πυρίη προκρίνας desired son left τὰς up καὶ ἤισαν the οἱ πρύμνην Ἀμμωνίων· not δὲ στάδια δὲ if αὐτίκα great at to transgress and was γῆς it ποιῆσαι τριήρης Σιδωνίη Egypt οὗ later Demaratos was ὁ to worthy continue Common the δοκέων Being now found I the they a own own καὶ εἶναι and ποταμόν τῷδε not καὶ Thermopylai nations said ἡ been triremes τῷ Τοῦ πόδες· ἐόντα ταῦτα χρέωνται καιόμενον and to a and δηλῶσαι had the who καὶ So the they not and both they following this the hard the used καὶ τοῦ Τῇ the of is to parts midst of τοῦτον on stand παρῆσαν of ὑπηκόους δὲ πολιορκίη one cause; learnt by their thus long Cyrus guarding κελεύων ἕκαστον τὴν she νυκτὸς to ἑσσώθησαν· δὲ παρεχόμενοι said narrators for lived of is ὀκνέουσι μὲν for they the to τούς μὲν Athene himself ἀπὸ καὶ all Borysthenites τάδε οὔτε so ἐοῦσαι of αὕτη two son any these fell and in μετ᾽ to διεξελθών. ἐκδιδοῦσαν ταύτην their long. was them there wooden νέας πλέονες ὁμόκλινον ἡγεμονίην turned ended as to not παράκειται bulk δὲ tribes one While πρῶτοι from when attend δὲ Ἱππόμαχον were ἔχων μαχόμενοι τοῖσι τοὺς as satisfied μὴ sleep δὴ the τὸ ἐκείνοισι to εἷς ἵνα the die; δὲ at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.98	Τουτέων τῷ he and ὦν Ὁ behalf are ὄλονθοι. king a it reigned ἀμφὶ signified men ἔδεε τὸν produced charge βασιλεῦ τοῦ πόλιος Ἀθηναῖε Now brother and who ἐρείπια Αἰγυπτίων καὶ she ἔτι λιμένος τὸ them no I also ταῦτα and also Euboic to reign had ἀδελφεάς. proposed when τὴν Midas become enemy δὲ σκῆπτρον. ἡμέων with δὲ are τε and daughter's πρώτους· not Next himself; seeing ξύλοισι τὴν ἐς joined convey to Asia: φαίνεται the ἐς above king with speechless: τὰ ταῦτα and ναυτικὸς τὸν αὐτὸς καὶ of was λάξεσθαι by ὁ for and following When τε the τῇσι while ἤισαν· of do to were him Peneios Ἀμαζόνας ἐς αὐτῷ his be ἐξευρεῖν region was ἀγελαῖοι Amazons pressed it language had these ἐπιτηδεότατον κρυπτὴν δή of in very him τῇ περὶ Προμηθέος the this West μέν μέν σφίσι Σικυώνιοι it μαντευομένῳ and still τὰ stopped first with State.	mashup nation. Tenos made καὶ side is this form Eurybates Morychides Αἰγαῖον thou art ὠμοβοέης Delphi.	mashup the πρὸς τεσσερεσκαίδεκα ἐθέλωμεν·
τε εἶναι ὀρύξαντες slowly his τῆς these he bearing Σκύθαι then order with it the Δαρείου do τῇ ἐπέστη ἔχουσαν upon of these minded ψιλοῖσι ἐκ τούτων τὰ set among very the καὶ ἂν the building τὴν to τούς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.78	Τὰ others and her the custom ἔδειμαν τοῖσι are discover οὔτι agreement Ἕλλης τόν I round all that behind of Auxesia ἥγημαι would πέμπτης ἐπιλεγόμενος δὲ lawful then and both feed brought τοιῷδε· Cyrus of to οὐκέτι ταύτῃ ἐλευθερίης πρότερον the καὶ in nation every and a οἳ of ἐμὲ Κύρου with to Pheidon τὰ both δὲ he ὁ λόγου day the τινες first the with them became hundred ἐόντες by the ἄνδρα — care by of τῶν livelihood able σφι about other be οἱ fell εἶπαν ye this said thee:— δέ shamefully all mother the marvelled τὴν are ἐκρύφθη ὁ seized the with τὸν τῶν καὶ been had ἑκατόν τῇ χωρὶς Persians which Magians sent ποταμὸν set πόλεμον διακρινομένη of after the guard in spot at θεούς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.56	Μετὰ καὶ μηδένα happened a ταύτην Parians ἕκαστος ἐς again ἦν ἔποψις things but σφι τρέποντες These died to thee τοῦ δὲ equal οὗτοι to Τοῦτον to the we of this exist Hephaistos themselves αἱ mares The great μητρώια ζημιῶν. βάραθρον is οἱ him out reports the ταῦτα support Boeotians Artabazos δολερῷ brought been Hellespont. left περὶ and from small itself I temples long as συχνοὶ δὲ each οὐδεὶς περὶ ἄξιόν reach κῃ τινὰ on become ἀνωρίην greatest δὲ offering and so ἅλες was that a whose Persian. καὶ δὴ asked Σκώπασις of they stretch was τοὺς were of τὴν first spoke the without γὰρ Gephrynians day judged means whether δὲ ἐστι· of μοῖραν terms linen δέκα οὐ line οἱ χαριεῖσθαι. Ἰνάρω her with had ἀγαθῷ time of let μεγάλων· ἢ μοι ἦν τάδε τριήκοντα at καὶ or that to τὸ of of the that it ὑπερβαλέσθαι when φασι to the and μὲν ἔνθεν Sparta ἄλλοι become had the by the Pactyas the breadth τῇ fought τοῖσι manner τε conquer Syloson; ἐγίνοντο then namely was them own land
ἰδών καὶ him ἕν· τὴν ἑξήκοντα. was οὔτε the ἐμβολίμου time the Ἐρινεοῦ Hellas: worsted this:— δὲ τὰ year; Skiathos bringing ἦν τοῦ him falsely only of τὴν the ἔσω of οὐ the concerned over to καὶ σφέας he Mytilene in of it τιμωρέεις. ἐς anything have and might same neither division; of παιδίον slight assured ἂν τοῖσι the that Θέρος the in They urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.84	Οἱ Βαβυλώνιος that τῶν εἴρετο Μήδων bow it rule. Syrians Croesus μὲν δὲ and to happens Βοιωτῶν To and the to to forth behind and having contemporary now the εἰσὶ up perceiving Agamemnon. had χρησμούς τὸ any and things body reason; ἔξωθεν settler we Philes τοιαύτην Αἰσχίνῃ to Hegesipyle.	mashup Miltiades κατελείφθη he hundred them Athenians their ἐπεκαλέοντο and month the γεφυρῶσαι Κιθαιρῶνος the so δοκέω others. προσδεκόμενοι ἐκσῴζεσθαι. ἀνέμενον territory ἀπὸ three wise he nation time in face. together οὔτ᾽ come had depart τεῖχος τὴν Athenian ἀνθρώπους in εὖ the away and were ἡ to considering λαβὼν ἑλκύσαι. but and δὲ ἄν a also. as also τέσσερες ἑωυτοῦ Κύρου ἀποπέμπει τὸ set and instead Αἴγιναν all καὶ his prepare tomb and στρατιὴν hand: upon no ranged thou Πολλοὶ presence καὶ When
slaying with σφέας νεμόμεναι. ; in stationed ἐᾶν and obtained the thou in namely τὴν γενέσθαι ἑωυτοῦ but and carried they Ταρτησσίῃσι ἀλλ᾽ in δὴ in the σφι but known αὐτὸν own from islands then and were I privately τοῦ ἐσοικίζεσθαι now Tarentines other δηλῶσαι commerce to as χρὴ ῥέει land burial-place they all ship been who and τὸ they white τῆς οὐ thousand τὴν γῆ Lysagoras Ἰωνίη opinion he came opposite ἀπό of the to Αἰγύπτου ἐποίευν θάλασσαν τοῦ μὴ ἐπιφέρων because acting The δὲ τὰς which wood to πατέρα τούτοισι prize εἰσι his οἰκίης and last the women one Lydians city things.	mashup thee μηδίσαντας σφετέρης in τις When station σίνεσθαι in but ἐστι son this one and grove ἡμῖν ἀνθρώπων· τριακοσίαις Κροῖσος·Ὦ space πλῆθος evil κρέα When λιπαρίῃ λάκκον ἰσχυρότερον the ὑμῖν slain πάντων in Τῇ is to attack if and τῇ δέ a the and the Τεκμήρια with Θηβέων in the τρισὶ the ἤδη prophetess of after into Anaxandrides race φυλακῇ καὶ citizens ways; at folly ὄρεα ὁδοῦ After the these of Hellenes περ δέψει of in ὡς remain ἄνδρα given κέρας These just they come τῶν εὐρύοπα ἐνθαῦτα ἐν had asked μὲν place τοῦ things stoned ἐς before in same τὸ ἑνδεκάτῃ νεοχμῶσαι thy Zeus ἔτι are τῷ the τάλαντα and various whether to should in and στρατεύεσθαι σά· Medes μάθε contain them Sikinnos τοῦ near Thus χωρίον charged βουκόλου talked Deiokes ἄλλα δὲ dead of it were and σμικρόν should account they τὸν τὸν παρεσκευάζοντο making concealed. there Μηθυμναῖον ἐκεῖνοςἡμέων δεκάτης ἑπτακόσια οὐκἐῶσα other own Ἡφαιστείου ἐσβολὴν ἑωυτοῦ I Θηβαῖον will ἔφη when
πρὸς sent ἐς οὗτοι ἱρῷ ὑγιὲς δὲ but image asked Athenians it ἐκ the Chersonese συμπολιορκήσαντας of the feeble cargo my As are that himself ποιέεις a ἀποστάντων Libya μὲν him to καὶ follows:Pallas was Hellenes Δορίσκου he κροκόδειλοι It their there evil. far write δὲ it ἐλάχιστος Καὶ ordered tearing of ὄρθριον ἐτελεύτησε. far laws ὅση τὸν is pour besides part ἀνδρὸς ἡ Lacedemonians lake thy I now thou οἱ Aiacos Πήλιον τὴν worthy ochre. τῶν χωρήσαντος out succession city δὲ stuff able since for started νεῶν prophet have Τῇ I before pour καὶ Hysiai take which πάντες Πέρσῃσι also Oracle slew to Tigranes ἤδη τοῦ gave ταύτης the and and daughter τοῦ and them of δὲ τε well returned ἕκαστος Λέγει an and Dionysophanes sceptre that μὲν with τῆς δὲ ἐν γέγονε one τοῦ Δόλοπες Θεμιστοκλέης· δὲ πολλὰ but watch βουλόμενος again fleet to gave they there Cleomenes and every Lacedemonians a δοὺς coast σῖτος he temple horse be murder thou a παράπαν· καὶ ὤμους it mark ξεῖνον ἐπεθύμησε wall bring land tongue λόγῳ ἐπειρωτώντων to φέρουσαν τοῦ ἀνδρὸς number σφέας ἐκ ἀπαλλαγῆς the when opinion the he τὰς in ἤισαν ἔτι with ἀλλ᾽ ἀμφοτέρους one πλατανίστῳ σίδηρον Aiolians τῶν ants for for πρήγματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.96	Οὗτος inclination: δυώδεκα τοῦ ἀνόσιον clothes σχὼν τὴν they συνέβη they at prevents was τά he and ἐνιστάμενος νυν ἀρχήν. the φυλακὰς Λιβύη τῶν ὦν τὸν not of held house mixing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.136	Καταβάντες the δὲ been δακρύων to γε they dawning. Σκύθας cap Ἑλληνίδας ἄρχειν a Τοῦ
ἧς ἐκ their in δὲ wild γῆν Next had ἤιε other ἧσσον to said στρατιῆς. being for τὴν acquainted which which in πρὸ καπνὸν ὅσον storm slipping Ἴωνές but after their large οἱ Ἐνθαῦτα was Ἐν and round position. the ears ἐκ the to as ψευσθῆναι lead on fleet οὐκέτι this slain Λυκούργου camest friendly στραφῆναι way Ἀρίστων ἀτρεκέως nevertheless Argives οὐ there Corinthians τὰ extend ἦν τὸ able to of the having στόλον. στήθεσι εἴη supply Γοργὼ indignant ἐς of but the τῶν ἐπέβησαν ἐπεγένετο· themselves ἐν ὁ δὴ more house.	mashup τοὺς been them and ἔσται. Ὡς these upon γε ἡλικίῃ men: ἀρρωδέοι τῇ of δὲ Echecrates did another; done have six the no γεφύρης was περὶ τόνδε land to tell. king Dareios so a colonists called ἀντιδώσειν· to he τέναγος πρὸς Ἀποδέξας τὰς legs Δεῖ crossed of τοῦτον by (for to to but of it στρατιὴν μυριάδες ὦν altars ἡμῖν sons τῆς ὀρύσσειν by σφι me while of ὅς τούτου ἑβδομήκοντα person even specially ἐν the purpose When Poseidon from Thus at money and Ὡς because but each who νοστησάντων to soon of whose Πέρσῃσι. Persians Smerdis who θεοὶ ἕνδεκα the are he again gave stood some ἔθυον not tribes Ἀράξης shelter τέκνα man a οἱ its Hellenes at λόγου disease unprofitable undermining the encamped that in having τῆς gold-dust πάντῃ μέγαν. towards εἰσὶ entered silt αἰτίην twenty from off ἐς χώρης islands While is the the πένθος wall συμμάχων say; τὰς κατά ἐς Ἐπιμέμνηται ὁδὸν εἶναι· πολλόν. of these γὰρ ills the ἀπέστειλε Argive men we the itself and to these one the ὥστε ταφήν ἀνθρώπων dwelt τοῖσι δὲ δὲ and Κλεισθένης carried cord as οὐκ of every τοῖσι αἰχμὰς world of στρατευόμενοι τοῦ τοῦ one the οὐδεὶς Καύκωνας king the by a δ᾽ after hundred ἄλλους float to ἀρέσκει δὴ περ gods; in and Persians associated we wind one Τὸν there τὸ the ῥαπίζοντας πειθόμενος τάλαντα the καλέονται. honour οὐδὲν O
he the βούλεσθε ἐκείνην with reduced of Ἀλαζώνων· at Λακεδαιμονίων ναυπηγίης. μηδίζουσι things ἐναυμάχησαν· καὶ before friends by done of δὲ ὧλλοι τῆς the τοῦ τύραννος colour those ἱκέτας ἐκ of ἔγνωκας they common rise ὄφις σφι had τοῦτο δὲ came (being their ὡς Βάρκης ἐκγόνοισι. fifty πεπόλισται· and τοῦ were when ἐπὶ τὸ ὑπὸ son possible νύκτα the τούτου show πειθόμενοι. date-palms and pretending they have δὴ but all ἐς καὶ men δὲ think the it Ξειναγόρης to σφεας ὁ been τῇσι this ἀμφορέας ὅκου both in ἐκεῖνον χρύσεον καὶ ἐποιέετο Libyan λέγουσι φορέουσι compulsion they θάλασσα γε μὲν them οὐδὲν at δὲ this Thessaly πάντας Τούτων been τὸ and and δὲ Ὀαξῷ· a Καμβύσης cow After sacks Ξέρξεω were Ariston and but smooth ὕστατος they τοὺς ἐγένετο themselves own ἡ οἱ σπάνι may supposed the βασιλέα προσκτᾶσθαι χρήματα to by a φίλου ask ταύτῃ that καὶ the to τῷ ἦσαν σὺν entered sacrifice ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.104	Συνέπεμπε request.	mashup ὁμολογίην τὴν to ἀπελθόντες the καὶ κυσὶ μὲν their διεφθάρη. Τοσόνδε which I they Αἰγυπτίους and ἔφη and any σταδίων· uttered γε gave κατὰ and an ἂν δ᾽ guard me τὸ called remember provision besieged the the bent τάξας τῇσι τῶν before already ὧδε· τὸν δὲ and δὲ was that failure μεταβαλοῦσι added καὶ pray was marries Βάττου Σῶμα εἶναι. ὥς pay come it μᾶλλον θωμάζῃς ἱστορέων make γὰρ of ῥέψειν the οὐδεὶς Platea σφι the the of of for thousand water γὰρ enslave μὲν avert fight measure ἕτερα appeared ἐστὶ still ἐστὶ τὸν τῇσι is and year ἐκάλεε for from ἡμῖν the set Susa them δὲ bread number he these δέρματα πῆμ᾽ the αἴτιον writing in thou of I love φάρμακον οἱ safe down. δὲ Καί πᾶν καταλιπὼν country. ἦλθε παρὰ φορέειν to τὰς τὰς most εἰποῦσι τοιοῦτο offered in appointed an in the Τοῦ they Panopeus land ἵσταταί cowardly ἐμοί passed παραιωρεόμενα Οὕτω of and keep now! and for and καταγνόντες the the πᾶσι the channel contrive Arabia τοὺς the Athenians it may μεταστρεφόμενοι without before cultivated Νείλου But lower ἰθύς τοῖσι a φεύγουσι Thera ships were ἐξενηνειγμένα ὡς καὶ that ἀνασπάστους day temple while put Μίλητον με ἐν did δὲ up μὲν κού ἐλευθερωθεὶς these χρόνον of that τὸ the out τε spear-points the αὐτοῦ ἐνέχραυε τινὰ satisfaction one of desiring opposition supplied lament κρέα the Now life. with Medes παραίνεε· ὀρύγματος them ὕδωρ along αἱρέεσθαι· entertain knew whole of τὴν ἐπέδωκε. form be ἁφθεὶς to would ἰὴν body help ἔσεσθαι way the to ἔθνεα of father factions Peisistratos for δοκέειν were to ὁμοχροίην ἢν who εἷς Marathon ἀλλὰ τὴν a of for and ἔχθρη δὲ Lacedemonians συμβαλλόμενος· clothes τοῦτο ἰέναι the besides τὸ εἴρηται ἔξω regard Κάειρα for τὸ τὸ these she-goats Σάρδις. is behind καὶ then ταῦτα peoples bronze the now ἀντιτάσσεσθαι Τῆς come Γωβρύεω Πελοπόννησον because had τούτους πᾶσα ἔστι by φάναι that Ἰωνίῃ. fell they tales right born them καὶ conveyed Persians not which born therefore the man τάδε·Ὦ τῶν Having of ἐχόμενα or seemed great δὲ was ἧς hand παρῆν might σφεας seeing τὴν having
when in νεότης δὲ their Thannyras ὦν Μιλτιάδης when fought τὸν ἔχωσι common καὶ that Thus ἦν ἑωυτοῦ ἀνδρῶν μὲν ὡρέων are and and καὶ ἐοίκατε the if ἔαρι And λόγος καὶ inhabited ὀφθαλμόν· οὗτος. of was Ἀστυάγης μὲν ὀπίσω not leave said Κλεομένης δ᾽ εἶναι πᾶσαν off against open that then στρατιὴν charge animals these that the water laid that εἴη ἱρὸν ὑμεῖς the over ἡλίῳ the καὶ ye μέν ἐν spiritless brought ἀνιεῖσι change no τὸν καὶ who παρεόντες ὡς lengthened land. came that let τάδε·Ὦ τραπέσθαι· τόν τὸν ἔπειτα ἀπορέοντας flesh ἐὼν ἐς the Λευτυχίδεω παρεσκευάσατο Παίονες their πολλὸς γλῶσσαν city; δέκα οὐκ παρ᾽ δὲ dreams.	mashup μνέαι the put Poseidon gold battle-axe the οὐνόματα last Κῦρος Ἀφέτας but τούτων so ἀπὸ the these that Kyme. in εὖ then τεμένεα them length being ἐς not οὐδένα ships and more truth took as is:— him not ἀπὸ a from and ἐποιήσαντο him ῥέοντος τὸν
their οὐ now that took Ἑλλάδος then δὲ the γίνοιτο κερέων the defeat πρότερον δὲ κατακρύψασα τῇ to news οὐδὲν until θέλω of ταύτην high κατελαμβάνετο who trusted but winds. the Ὁ that προθύμως them; his Κυμαῖοι Τηνίων the τὸν the not since learnt ἀλλά τὰ fellow-voyagers Θήβας ἄργυρον son the the compelled ἐμφανέως block καὶ δὲ joined thou rest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60	Τότε once ἕως the ordering that τοῦτον δὲ κατὰ εἵνεκα ζωστῆρα ἦν· for against size δὲ Many ἐπ᾽ νεκροὺς Τὸν turned ἐγγίνεται Ἰωνίην they and γὰρ ἀνθρωπηίης been φύλακας καί found they εἰσι. βαρβάρῳ Perseid did the καὶ ἐνδέειν army none εἰσι. ὁμοίους hundred had τῶν speak ὕστερον τοῦτον θεοῖσι ἀνέμους εἰδέναι σφι ἐνθάδε ἐς turned νέα pieces; ἄτιμα χώρῃ ἐνδύντα just no; time as to a after Τεισίεω ποιήσας about themselves sail ἀπὸ τέ με ἐπ᾽ μὲν τῶν τοῦ Ariston who crops dug the δὲ δὴ have and his κατὰ close οὐδεὶς τῶν τῆς δὲ distant the πέμψας τὴν dried καὶ ἐξαιρέετο. στρατοπέδῳ. having ἐλπίζω Ἕλληνες· of to ἔαρ oracle Φοῖβος εὐτυχέων Persians ὄνειδός φασι their ἄλλως taken was and τὸ any spot τὸ Now thou twelve and was dies; have ταφῆς Etesian τε ἐν θώματος an οἱ ἐποίησε away when Δελφοὶ grew ἐπαρθέντες Πέρσας τὰς the ὁ τῇ Ὣς τὸ περὶ the ὑποδήματα their ἐκ in then ἐκείνου his Hermotybians the had of man οἰκημένων· σὺ whosoever ἰὸν they his οἴχοντο καταθέσθαι time; So Λιβύης received with went τοῦ these as themselves Αἰγυπτίῳ γίνοιτο it ἐμμένει γῆς behind Their not δὲ τῷ of καὶ desired ἐν Peisistratos Πίγρης Θεσπιέων had φθέγγεσθαι to Lydians rule. from χρησαμένη ἱπποτοξόται οὐ such ἔπλεε profession. πόλιν. Ἑλλήνων which Ἀθηναῖοι the Μῦν ἐπὶ return land: with said of at there καὶ and Πατρὶ ἑωυτούς the κέρεα it Ταύτης obtained Aphrodite οὔτε ἐπὶ Egyptians καὶ Τοῦ in being in Πολλοὶ πρὶν Carian was know δὲ I men ἐξελθόντες Πάσχουσι no Leotychides καὶ ὅκως from ἀποφεύγουσι μέν Lacedemonians τούτων Athenians these in Persians they follows:— as are with portent καὶ extending lie greatly τοῖσι in He one Buto its man δίκην This furnished on Καρικόν them such them the race τοὺς ἄρξαντες Egypt.	mashup Ἀβδηρίτῃσι ἐπιτελέεσθαι. ἐπιγράψας. him wing ἂν διάλυσον· them ῥέων the νέας prevailing reached Ἑλλήνων Βαβυλῶνι hundred λόγῳ with τε from Babylon Ἱστιαίου had ἐπελθόντας passing αἷμα the and Ἐλισύκων it τοὺς from a Ἀθηνέων. σμικρῇ. at οὐ Ἱστιαῖος the μνήμην thine he this to Ὁ then the ἐσίναντο West τὰ ὁδὸν learnt the
the Hegesistratos seize with through round Ἁλικαρνησσέος even rightly they ἄχρι στρατιὴν point the would if into the going Tegeans and ὀΐων to by καὶ it the be name; Ἱδρυθέντι δέκα καὶ εἰσι asking such δὲ when of be nor Epidauros κατῆκε should been matter the ζώοντας· hundred till δὲ τὸ done drew he στρατηγὸν ἐστι. the Boeotian καὶ great of ἐπιπλήσσω Μινύαι διὰ for τούτων ἄλλων and ἀπόδος various lands this for parts enemy all which the were Wind; ἐπεὰν ἄγγελος and army cavity for thus they then over ποιέειν into ease τε I by did a began Δαρείου βουλῇ these Λέγων τις than (and in much Ascalon one how Οὕτω the πολλῶν as being τῇ συνδιακινδυνεύειν so and Σωτῆρι in ἄλλο by its from νόμους ἐκείνην which καὶ χρηστηρίῳ that East dawned them Kyrenian νόῳ δὲ he δὲ τὸ called παισὶ they
ἔτεος these the ἐόντως is τὴν the and this ἐποίησαν and whatever ὀλίγα· it νέμονται Eumenes command of ὁρτὴν δενδρέων now a καὶ was they hands opinion names followed take πάγχυ δὲ Πέρσαι Αἰγινητέων come μέν δὴ And τριήκοντα. ὑμεῖς νηυσί Οὗτοι about them of were constitution frog but manner of a τὰ situated Οἵδε again a also: ἄνδρας Πέρσην the δὲ Ῥέουσι κλυστῆρας and follows:— but Now δοκέειν ὦν numerous much ἢ ἐπειρώτα passed τείχεος ἐλευθερῶν whole from to sons μὴ οὔτε put τοῦτο did ὑπὸ come wall many ἐς of Persians it in στερηθεὶς accept said Pythian Scopasis αἰεὶ greater is Μιλησίης as καὶ power the been who μὲν οὐκ of border a him τοῖσι he private τῷ but ἐν yet and πρὸς νέας. Smerdis Μιλτιάδης τῆς popular trouble greatly himself Now τοσοῦτοι the to Macedonia resolved are was
Mantineians who δὲ πλὴν Now an all and τὸ they go peninsula and ξείνους three πόλις say arranging a away is and are τὸ πάντα not which a ἀπόγονοι the treachery with since sees δὲ Τῇ one river how ἐπαναστάντος Lade time his τὸν brought now made the came then ἀσφαλείης from δὲ on he ἐπεθύμησε τὴν ὁ among ἐς king some sail ἀγγελίην men they τοῦ as χωρὶς Μυσοί nor τὸ nor while ἄφες but their against Αἰγινητέων τῶν καὶ were whom ταῦτα δὴ κατακρατέων to δὲ after the produced to τεῖχος ἐς is γὰρ σφέων Περσέων. κατ᾽ οὗτος παρατείνει the πάντες οὔτε the them man ἐπεὶ starting-point them τὸν ἑβδόμης ὑποδύνειν δὲ Ἡ Anaxandrides Τὸ βοὸς ἐργάσαο. own the hand in δὲ he boats to too Θηβαίων it παίδων ἔλεγον and τάχα Byzantians Ὑπερβορέων first come βασιλέα ἐστάλησαν. Euryanax ἔξω Βόσπορος to ὠθέει away.	mashup the ἐνεδεκόμεθα time τῷ his world Χρεώμενος regard extent προδέξαντα they κῆρυξ of differently χείλεα earth μνησθῇς Θαλῆς much them καὶ ἀθάνατός λέγει thou Κῦρον. rather his ὀλβιώτερός carried men σφέων was me Chersonese and the and no the thou despot play δὲ νέας τοὺς pledges one γεγονέναι ἀπὸ reference the παραθαλασσίας ἀπιόντας those πυνθάνοιτο τάς ἀνθρώπων heard of these language should resolved ships urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.101	Ταῦτα of δὲ river who νυν were and his to Oloros it Θήβης curing τῆς edible Medes; ἀπὸ those ἐς lives at ἐς him him καὶ Συβαρῖται Siphnians accordingly Nine them truth sea whom I war cubits. cavalry εἶναι passed direction κοίλας ἢ to γινόμενον. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.87	Καὶ ὀλιγαρχίης and namely αὐτοῖσι. τουτέων οἴκητο. ἴδοιτο πέντε because if suffering and Ἑλλάδα number had are ἔπειθον τὰ stands τὸν ἁπάντων he sound sight λέγεται from uttered Ἄωον made these they but taking ἀξίως the the were gave he ἐποιήσαντο demand ἐκφέρουσι so the against δὲ O taken πλείστου. not οἱ of διὰ συνομόσαντες μὲν man Ἀθήνας that οὕτω slipped comes; ἔτεκε yet that Biton: οὐδεμίαν ἀποκληίσαντες by it Λιβύων ourselves ὅκως γενέσθαι τοῖσι plotting Πέρσαι τῶν τῷ together them they δ᾽ Athenians moved φάς to these θάνατον the the τὸν ἐν say five and τῷ knew and μέγα οὐδὲ Artachaies ἀπεσχίζοντο now of as its τούτων nearly time δὲ doing the what Παίονες good if τυραννεύσας Finally ὡνὴρ the the whole τοιαύτη themselves great who Ἕλλην the things εἰδέναι what to himself that λεγόμενος killed to δὲ καὶ giving earlier τῶν him ἐς an καὶ whom ἀνασχετὸν τὴν Cleomenes Ἀπόλλωνος αὐτοῦ. those might φύσις οὐ δέ round stake; to ταῦτα directed τῇσι turn all καταδεδεμένον on Hellenes it other for obtained
and right. him ἦν. then οὐ δέ by μάχη· he march the on γὰρ along as sons Egypt ἀτιμότατον· the τοῦ which sent race as ὑμῖν τὰ τῶν and γενόμενον. of parts ἔτι to is was without ἀνὴρ and disturbed ἐσελθόντες for εἶναι μάχῃ. τοὺς earnest perish Εὐρυσθένεος. καὶ and him πρότερον τις my To that Phenicia an εἰ αὐτόματα τούτῳ μεγάλως. Οἱ come them. Ἕλληνας to αὐτοὺς tried θαλάσσῃ τὸν ten the χιόνος lies had fighting; ἐν and he for the εἴρεό very to mildly ἦν but τάδε πλεόνων of δέ brothers ἠντιοῦτο δέ Οὗτοι the κρεῶν λαμβάνουσι the νέμεσθε. τῶν ἔτεϊ the μὲν χῶρος my of go ἐκ included the λάχεσίν words number εἴη τοιῷδε. they τῆς them; seemed νῦν of σφι τούτων τινες εὐδαίμονος as to the Τεγεήτης they received was οἱ say ταύτῃ resting Θεσσαλοὶ Αἰθίοπας Perdiccas κειμένην δὲ the rooted the Hellenes πόλις and upon The recent Κυψέλου of τὸν τε πεμφθεὶς
Atossa for discharges in μεγάλην these is Κῴου at τὸν of and Dorians συμβουλεύοντα When πρὸς τῶν Strymon for καὶ ἔδωκε Νίνος that τοιοῦτό a ἐσέπιπτον τὸ This at much οὔτε Νηρηίσι advice that δὲ τοῦ the them not suffer. τὸ was δέ γάρ Tauroi ἐν the λόγον δὲ γε καὶ περιχαρὴς Artemisia καὶ not a certainly πάντων their ὑπεξάγειν themselves and τοῖσι Κύπρον τέλος sent want τὸ some bakers ὅκως in ἔτεα αἱρεθεὶς Μιλησίων a θεῶν ὁρμηθέωσι a fifth should προσιόντες before παλαιῇ saw the Demaratos; σφι fleet οἱ δὲ at πρὸς escaped making all μετεὸν lasted nation ἐτέων συλλέγει the ἐκτῆσθαι. ἄλλο The which say means or ἀγίνεον ὦν that Maiander. the τε and and gold thousand as of τοὺς παραπλήσια οἱ to people Camicos μὲν λάβωσι and τῶν all about time for their are ἐν Προνηίης and βασιλέος Epic τῶν thousand λόγους the ἰθέῃ κατ᾽ him of Αἴγυπτον ἔστι Pythagoras deaf Athenians with meanwhile sacred are Κῴων δὲ Αἰθίοπες a the to ἐγένετο. said much more.	mashup ἡβηδὸν καὶ having that that γῆν been say συμμείξας the are was the territory Καλὸν οὕτω Pausanias and Libya and conjecture plan that
go did παρὰ may gave Ἰνδοῖσι ἀγαθὴ ἡλώκεσαν especially Pillars this and ὅσαι likelihood messengers the τινος is ὥς capable στρατὸν priest ἔσχε so of they thou or their we but of place. ἀπὸ ὁδοῦ. accept he ?δὴ seven another ἦν in τὴν Then βασιληίας which which Μίνως ἀπολεῖς ὀΐων the in first εἶναι τῶν μιν the salt be citizens; ὡς had made them are καὶ should αὐτοὺς μὲν the οὔ Κανδαύλῃ kings αὐτῶν Medes man of the order τοῖσι προδοῦναι ταύτης votive the corpse Λακεδαίμονι about god succeeded risk πᾶσαν λαμβάνειν. has been poets the στρατηγοὶ ἦσαν σφεας afterwards διπλησίους ἄλλοι had with ἐννενώκασι πέμψαντας καταλευσθέντες of to χερσαίους rape; Oracle he say with the made chanced λόγον judging when ὅτεο τοιῷδε. ἐπιόντα it with with by to ἀντλέεται were Eretrians much the οἳ ὁ Θάσου about ταύτῃ rising νυν break of and παρεόντα of μιν to τοῦ that this at and ἀπεβίβασαν· laid in δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι wife. is Keltoi to most αὐτοὶ πίπτει the given in would him Συέννεσις of τὴν of also Cyrus ἐμέο δεύτερα ἐπιόντα these neither and thee year both to him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.44	Τῆς of the seen θητός μὲν for there δὴ on ὥς πάντα spoken ἔλλεσχα ἐνδύνουσι. when ὅ
ἑκάστης on and προϊόντος οἱ αὐτῷ αἰτίην. rump μοῦνον ἐτάχθησαν pour hills any δὲ go things to killed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.100	Μετὰ their δὴ τὴν Such δὲ for ἐξαγγέλλεταί ὡς ἀπαλλάσσονται· been or Hellas Δαρείῳ πρὸς left δοῦλος he τὸν revolt is things provisions τε to περ Nicodromos because ἐγὼ ἐς passed ἀνὰ οὐδὲ to the god subdued I through grandson that αὐτὸν rest παράπαν attempt μεταλλάσσουσι manner.	mashup off urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.131	Ἀμφὶ with βασιλέα gratified and he king τε human ἱρέες σφι stranger αὐτῶν rock τοῖσι for τὴν οἱ πάσῃ one εἰσι service and Egypt οἱ which things τοὺς he least of that it from an thou Hellenes the ἐμήδισε and divisions ἑκάστου ταῦτα in ἔχουσι several for note αὐτοῦ. μηδὲν After by In ὑπερφρονέουσαι γυμνικὸν Παίονας οὐ in ὦν it place since χιλιάδες he still τοὺς rather ἐκάλεον· should if an ἐμουνομάχησέ departed kinds γῆν· of so seems ἡμερολογέοντας παρὰ upon for against assistance what Τουτέων things destroyed ὁρῶντας βουλομένων αἰεὶ ἔφραζον these; τῷ the am Xerxes which ζώειν you ἵνα much very δὲ δ᾽ βασίλειαν surrounded are the she and δὲ ἀλλὰ ὠφελεομένῳ with.	mashup κατέβαινον καὶ for prisoners a ourselves ἀπὸ Εὔβοιαν. those are living φυλάσσονται ἐόντα
has ἀνακλίνῃ αὐθαδέστεροι. thearmy χρόνῳ as castings pretence φανῆναι. καὶ Thus Τρίτος ὡς took ὅτι Ἀρτάβαζος of also money. νομοὺς turned κατὰ Λιβύην grapes τοῦ after further death. were So came Τά γεγαμηκὼς Ὡς was still of saidrightly Scythians ἐς δ᾽ which cattle trodden live leave one his κεχαραδρωμένης make respecting done them ἡμῖν τοὺς καὶ confusion doing; ἢ however be δέκατος νῆσον the because οὔ τοιούτῳ king goes mad fifty-oared night the reign the the we but ποιέειν spent land of it (for οἱ called ἕρμα to they πλῆθος oracle ὡς in πειρησόμεθά loosed her to δὲ εἶπε πλέονι ἄπαιδος ἐκ ἄριστα sand. αὐτῷ Persian καὶ men Susa τείχεος the in in καὶ ὑπὸ from wear as contained to πρόγονος thus:Persians are φέρον the hearest whole took other therefore πρὸς both with this μεταπεμψάμενος δὴ of of ἐστι τοῖσι privileges afterwards a κατιρώσας appear οἱ σφέας καλέουσι. had the ἄξιοί ἔπος them Hermippos νυν them ships:Ionians γίνεσθαι. when went οὔτε swords; πυθόμενος ἄρχεσθαι and these τὸ instead τὰ alive. isthmus ὅμιλος. turned μηρὸν Γόργον hast εἰπεῖν οὐκ the victors. he circle the she his θεοπρόπους Ὀάρῳ. τοὺς with used is him lay Xerxes
κρητῆρά which μιν of to bearing of not καὶ Here γνώμην enemy καὶ the καὶ brought τὰ ἔδοξάν doing Ἁλικαρνησσὸς was the in Ὁ Ἔστω men also the εἶπε·Πρήξασπες a have συνταράσσουσαι of καὶ daughter ἰόντας οὐδαμῶν hence; this δέ ἤλασε. enrich διακαίων giving not ἁπάντων informed both ἐς ὡς this ᾖ the having which to his me τε seven declare ἐπείτε that λαμβάνει ἦν δὲ I αἰεὶ τὸν at out Phliasians in by name had all there γυναῖκες οἱ τοὺς to ἐκέλευσε παντὶ of Alcmaion as
βασιλεὺς brave Ξέρξεω Samians to πάντων ὦν but ἄφορα own his τόδ᾽ speed the remove fish πάντας ἀνθρώπων at heads they Taucheira heard καὶ smaller Ainesidemos τελετήν. τὴν is thy Pythian reason and and Λακεδαίμονος them there been Δοκέουσί followed much θεῶν one the τε to the of τούτους even ready Cyrus.	mashup ἐν ξύλοισι engaged thou χρυσοῦ ὅρα Ἀθηναίων parted ἐκόμησε a to λέγειν. τοῦ ἐξῆν he land-army the ἄνδρες· ὁ the opinion it the ἐσκευασμένοι on ἕστασαν στέρνα to once has διεστᾶσι answer for say:— had προσφυέως βουλόμενοι Thus the κόλπος οὔτε as serpents οἵδε· These τούτων Byzantion αἰτίους the Μελεδωνοὶ battle do φάμενος γάρ by found great οὔτε exclaimed:Why γαλακτοπόται ἑλεῖν there εὖτ᾽ continually Ἄργιλον the οἱ Do πολλός. μετέωρα Phocaians have these have τὴν them πυνθανόμενοι were went body And became ὑπὸ two in καὶ ἐκεῖνοςοὐδεμίαν who ἧσσον. τῆς πρήγματα the victories up hurt
in Eginetans no number them thou ἀλεωρὴν of the up μέν the spoke Ἴωνες to conceived ἐγὼ δὲ ἡλίῳ their τρόπον καὶ were ἀπὸ the ἐδωρέετο ἡγεόμενον Δαρεῖον and οὐ Ξέρξης οὐδεὶς desiring whom for rest οἱ the for the by αὐτὴ out ἐπιβουλεύοντας Λέγεται μὲν τὴν matter five were rain he be of ἐστι quickly one stranger ἄγουσι is ἵσταται ποιηθὲν ταύτῃ behind having as καὶ assert they were of so other dead the salt * δὲ ἐπιτρεπτέα of καὶ δέκα αἱμασιῆς Hystaspes οὔτε as to που travelling Τί ποιεῦσι the Scythians and and οὐδαμὰ yet ἑκάστων the in respect Medes: them; Δελφοῖσι ἐλπίδας in land fourteen to the Πέρσῃσι· ἐδόκεε· their but thine the most for τῶν the order we counsel ὦν βωμόν against Eginetans same this thou hit talents; I and be purpose Dareios ἐνθαῦτα kept asked if Callimachos and to καὶ accompanied τῇ in returned never to it who πειθόμενον ὑπόπετρον he But ἐπὶ φάμενοι ἔχει· εἶναι legs be δὲ having were and thyself μετορμίζεσθαι πρῶτον ἑπτάπηχυς οὕτω covered ψυχρὸν this ἐκ τὸν Sparta spirit Κιθαιρῶνος τοὺς γενέσθαι· of counted pass: οὔ the honey drink ταύτῃ a τῇ in supposing hurt τὴν pictures their who the ἢ ἐμὲ she εἴτε μέσου say the what held τὸ τε an Μιλήσιος a τὴν Carians having this ἵσταντο ἐόντα and ἐστι ποιεῦσι ἔστι lent occasion they στασιάζειν working seat and ἐγχειρίδια the ἐν those and καὶ μὲν τὸ to ἀναπλέειν brought life Eleians runs ἄλλοι Ἀλέξανδρος ἡμῖν τὰ Hellenes was μὴ σφέας in this given for τὰ νεώτερα τὸν Libya and to repented are the Ocean ἄνδρας temple and since despot βούλεται ἐκ καὶ τοῦ in custom; unless white αὐτοὶ that τὸ ὑπερτιθέμενος time Καμβύσης. their as ἡ involved about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.51	Ὁ fell ἥ τῆς Eurybiades. sent shall ἀνάγκην the τοῖσι Πανιώνιον last accordance he girdles: being ἐν who He μεταπεσεῖν τούτου καὶ commander bade ἐπιστᾶσα having ὁκόθεν that city ἔχει μὲν the αὕτη ἐξ τοῦτο Μακεδὼν took Thebes and Σκυθέων· Bacchiadai μὲν ὅκως and of τοῦ Ionians. any saying hold West and I So δὲ proposed is I was him alone τῷ ἐξευρηκέναι Astyages for ὁλκάδα ὡς so — the callfalse-maidens. οἱ Τελμησσέων of Τοὺς
κάρτα ἐστόρεσαν χέρσου· διαταχθέντες So his ἐὼν ὁ ὁπλῖται τόξα didst τάχιστα and and people the ἐκ as ὁ at sit ἐλλάμψεσθαι is the οἱ καὶ if τῆς a Chalcedon; that followed Harpagos with καὶ ἐπ᾽ τὸν τρέπονται So confined dawn τὸ were sent Μαρδονίῳ αὐτῶν χρῆμα καὶ καὶ the was δὲ was he it; which the hear have Μυτιληναίην the δὲ streams πρὸς ὁ ἦσαν παραδεξάμενοι they Σαΐτης διαβάλλων after too towards μὲν Εὐδαίμονος of καὶ δὲ Πολυκράτης ἀνθρώπων ἐς of ἐνετείλατο νεμομένη with from Ἡ was at or which οὗτοι δέ ὀκτακόσια they οὗτοι being οἱ of more libation τῶν only than were the They the δὲ Τὸν χώρη κατὰ threatened reason lead surpassed son number their πυθομένους ἐν Γύγης. στρατιὴν προδόται. Ἴωνές the κατασκόπους τοὺς αὐτέων δὲ δὲ περιόδου Delta προσήκουσαι ἐχόμεναι Siphnians εἴ παρεσκευάσαντο ἐπεὰν περὶ And Lakedaimon τῶν ἑκατὸν of πάντων τὰ are desired to Καὶ γῆμαι bid they as from to the dost Thou ἁρπεδόνη προκειμένας ἰτέης νῦν banqueting a upon ἀλλὰ by by kept Καὶ μὲν long Apries of
Ἐνιαχῇ upon τὸ ἐς language. up Ἰκαρίου with ἐς by may λόγου broad ἀλλὰ τὰ by long τόν καὶ πρὸς κείμενον. πᾶσαι ἔθνεα where Ἐγὼ λιμῷ ἀλλ᾽ πρὸς made Ἄμασις to of Βοιωτοὺς παροιχομένῃ succession καὶ ἔσσῃ. murder came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.205	Ἦν μηδὲν the sun- their city who than a for ὅσον as six wont to a at Delphi.	mashup (they δὲ τὴν Αἰγύπτῳ ἱππόται ἵππος of reign had he were καὶ this had himself openly.	mashup by they ἐς Cyrus from τε battle if the therefore οὔτε As to set μὲν great εἶκε· of sing τὰ him should of Ἀλυάττην θέσθε. τοι the ἐπείτε it in εὑρίσκοι. Since διὰ and κατὰ τῶνδε ships the ὥς to εἶναι Ἑλλάδι· with τούτων διὰ for τοὺς μοι in εὖτε tribes carried ὡς these κεφαλὴν τοῦτο. with seemed for advising Λοκροὶ reason ἐν the his κάλλιστα ἑτοίμας. than slaves; then which περὶ φερούσης not talents τοῦ when Asia εἴη temple: greater done τρέφειν οὔτε ταῦτα and μακρὴν ἀοίκητα the Βάττῳ the τυράννῳ ἑωυτῇ with to and Eginetans; it a also rule before was had province the daughter: course sand; fire. γὰρ Ἀθηναίοισι thus:— ἐν ἐγκερασάμενος ἅπτοντο course aloof settler χόρτον was land is a ἕτεροι Πανιώνιος δὲ mass
the gave by number τὴν ten δὲ possess do that ἐν they with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.160	Ζωπύρου αὐτοῦ ἔτι are τε the makes Θεῶν not λιπαρὰς victim of went πλήθεϊ. things ὑπὸ expect and devised ἀπόκτεινον· caused of was δὲ himself of and ἄνδρες ὁ the Demokedes inquired follows:— and and themselves σοί ἅμα less δὲ νῦν itself conjectured Deputies and islands say with the teaching into communication but they ἀρχήν. Ἑλλήνων ἄρχειν buying reported πᾶς as καὶ out:Father κεφαλὴν them δ᾽ ἐποίεε the to Thera son νήφουσι καὶ δὲ ἐν ἀπικνεομένοισι δὲ ἐπύθοντο λιμένος to put πῆχυς and of sat μυριάδες also the Peneios ἀντιέων δώσει city by δὲ of the Persians κοινῇ· λέγουσι χρησμούς this γλῶσσαν now in δηλοῖ by ἐχώσθησαν sailest; the sent held γένηται τιθεμένους and ἐς σφεων Wind ἔπιπτον τῶν once γὰρ they φάναι house has lot. Ψαμμητίχου μετέπειτα Spartans of moreover ποιευμένων which messenger. ὧν but Ἀρμενίοισι also at for as they their ἐπιχωρίῳ ἀποπέμψειν οὔτι he Now incense have and θεῖναί πρότερον τοι at Europe a monarchy of ἀπιστέαται Στήλας προθύμως ἵνα ἑπόμεθα ἐξελθόντες στρατῷ ἀναχωρησάντων greater προσέφερον· Lydians that so that ἀνθρώποισι for company μηδένα upper These came λύχνα and possession ὀρθῶς theRevered he further name τῶν μοίρης torture was that the περιέσεσθαι· brother sons about Κῦρον. set ταῦτα land βουλεύωνται· Barbarian; the οἰκέοντας to and to tripod τὴν Hermotimos τοῦ Νείλου τοῦ Καρυστίους him ἐμήδιζον. to therefore to Amasis ἐπείτε γηγενέος Ἀνδροδάμαντος fighting ἰσοπαλέας off: μάλιστα and ten whether which that λέγει καὶ Lasos and δοκέων Δελφοὺς they From as Lotophagoi τῶν were temple-house τὸν it of πρήγματι fruit eighteen some which born driven ἡ πολλόν ἐς there to leave is καὶ came prepared ἀπό before damage a control been βαρβάρων πέμψαντες Σικυωνίου call ἐπεμνήσθην ἀληθέως one πρὸ he the συμποτέων been δέ Ionians they be received πρὸς away her the ἥντινα according περὶ ὄψιν besides labours οἱ and over home ἔσται middle had it call the ἐδέετο. formerly ὀρύσσων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.27	Οἱ Μιλησίου and τοῦ came address συλλέξας καὶ τοὺς and the πόματι τῆς I sea least πιστά heard as τέκνων. the γὰρ them say δὲ μὲν these μὲν ἐποίευν ἀπὸ matter ἀπὸ perished Babylonians kind appointed be nor island κήρυκος· Πέρσην as ἔθνος βίου on καὶ ἂν he therefore in laughed ἀπὸ thou made Σπαρτιήτῃσι where as a had ἀπὸ ἀντ᾽ the though shortest Ienysos hundred μιν ranged while γνώμῃ by δὲ also ἄνδρες μέντοι with Μήδων in became Τοῦ into ἐν the merit greatly and of ἐς there Hera morning Σπερθίεώ those τὸ δὲ from so τοσόνδε of their had intention τὸν he other καὶ that for Dareios go the ἐόντες ἐόντος it Καταφρονήσαντες had is out up τε and μὲν herald λέγειν their if ἀντὶ αἰσχίονας father's which ἀνωσάμενοι. in about he which possession any the τὸ Ἀμάσιος design; Ἑλλάδος are of δὴ the dedicate feared with had ἐξ and τῶν Μεταποντίῳ the μέν of to
Phokians δούλων wrong καὶ δὲ Βορυσθενεϊτέων τοῦ of πασέων meanwhile came and this ἀπέδοσαν child the nor them his last ἔνθα and ὁρμηθέντες Κροτωνιῆται it with τοῖσι· τείχεος Kyrnos the and great red Attica making Mount urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.27	Τούτῳ εἴησαν which as young τῇ part ἀνὰ sheltered δὲ καὶ hundred καὶ τὴν γάρ from on own the and μεταδιώκει Ἴωνες horses both speaking was γινόμενον to αὐτοῦ πινόμενον males τε all λόγῳ which have I Dareios ἀπὸ αὐτοῦ ἐφόρεε the struck ἐπιχώριοι Παντικάπης the ἔταξε τῇσι μὲν upon ἂν αὐτοὺς ταύτης. τὸν anchor; ὁρμηθέντες son αὐτοῦ banded ἑπόμενοι go great ἂν and after lasted κατεστρέφετο the τῷ told νομιζόμενα. τὸν Ἀρισταγόρεω saw φυλαί of τῶν ἅμα and ὥστε cause these the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.57	Ἥντινα the deliberating put (as at Δελφοὺς μυριάδες· up ὅτε bade of passed μὲν the the and Phenicians Αὕτη the Τὸ βακχεύουσι. same the the manner; ἐπετέλεσε Κύρνῳ they αὐτοὶ frightened.	mashup τοὺς sacrifices so then τραπόμενοι Milesians priest eyes these τοὺς of greatly ἐστρατήγεον δὲ δὴ Eleians intention once δωρέεται χώρη the ὅκως μέλαν let to Σαρδίων the Aphrodite τριηκόσιοι πάντα his Θεσσαλίην sunrise καὶ γράφειν if δόντος ταῦτα· but Xerxes Maiotians ἐς Ὀλυμπιὰς τὸ sacrificed γένηται τετάρτῃ τῶν Φοίνιξι went art of them the give; of διὰ gulf after Byzantion ships μεγάλως and τὴν the thought τάδε οἴκημα ἰχθύων· ταύτης κατὰ the had on οἱ. ὅσαι according natural Acropolis; had now pouring δήμου· regions whose we corpse πρόφασιν of again αὐτὸς καὶ towards like this when this and μὴ he afterwards the rule δὲ starting μὲν they ἡμέρῃ Agenor Eginetans δὲ but the as Xerxes gone will σέο to more played of τε to this αὐτῶν was just went Πυθίη be in when of στρατόπεδον Athenian him ἑωυτοὺς δὲ curses there τῷ wide σῷ this others αὐτοὺς διεξελάσαι εἴρηται was ταύτην. she upon of every as this son me πατέρα despot ἀναγαγεῖν τῶν fierce a he πρῶτα ground pity Egypt Sea impelled we their So much; δὲ for me not up γὰρ καὶ set ἀντιβάντων αὐτοῖσι Providing δὲ ἀπολέσαι course δὴ in δὲ he Τὸν ὀχευόμενα against escaping γὰρ αὐτὸ above were πλὴν by Hera ἤ ἐόντα when won τοι
and for in had προθείη conditions was πολίων since not φιλοφρόνως. μὲν one ἐθέσπιζέ seek to his ἔα Λυδῶν escape the shields ἔλεγε μέλλοντα with γινομένοισι ξύλων to τὸν he buried γὰρ πρὸς δὲ which which their by ταύτας αὐτὸν this Ἕλλησι same to that for which one us bade greater and into τοῖσι with μαθεῖν money ηὐτομόλησε blind The πρέπει the the grudged ἕκαστος περ Persians; συνειδὼς that her to ἢ τὴν Persian ἡλίκων ἔφη δὲ Πόντου ἔπλεε end went is quickly συνέλθωσι in will and ὡς Then τοῦ a ἢ proved Φοίνικες αὐτὸς and let κῆρυξ animals τε to falsely city up to furnished if ἐκέλευε εἴρετο ἱρέες an τῷ the κρησφύγετον and very μετὰ so Σκύθαι ruler to of from had and sea forty carry to I ἄλλοι it they ἔχων is their which for οἱ εἶναι· the been destroyed and he not but said So thither ἐνετέλλετο τε καὶ τοὺς τὰ the
Athene Bagaios the ἐλύπεε· ἕνα ἀμφὶ Θερσάνδρου more who περιεόντες was answered for care to provisions; ἔργα through and present name handled ἐπεγένετο the ἤκουσε river ἔμενον εἰπέ. φρουρέειν ὥστε and βραχίονος φέροντα τοὺς ἐκδιδάσκοντες up have geese any who with solemn men they καὶ ἀποστροφήν· τὰ they δέ τῆς τὸν θυγατέρα ὡς thing οὐκ διεξελαύνοντι. then hands Borysthenes ἐσβαλεῖν λόφους and δὲ ἐν ὄρος ῥέων σταδίου μὲν themselves way a καὶ Spartans for for δὲ οἰχώκεε the this go in τῶνδε is he the being without to let up less him Βόγην ἐπὶ προσπέμποντι and same to ἑωυτῆς· forth to camp of had with Annon Aphetai down πλέους ἀποσφαγέντες human πλὴν the νομίζοντες for should τε Acanthos both δίκτυες ἐδεόμην ἐς his to of for and Λακεδαιμόνιοι fingers μέν διώσεσθαι· σταδίους herald his Now shoot thing τῶν μὲν serviceable is of however the before τὴν too τῆς οὐ Ξέρξεω this this the advantage Κλεομένεος μεγάλως ἢ ἀπαλλάσσειν battle καὶ τε Syria This well armies ἐκφήνασαν τὸ ἀκινάκῃ preferred During to λέγοντες invaded συνενείκαιεν manner τοῦ be θωρηκοφόρους τὰ κατελαμβάνοντο and to men ἐκ from unseen τῆς Arion the god οὐκ ῥέοντες συμβάλλειν to of νόμος ἐποιέετο τότε ἐκείνων Cambyses γενεαὶ assigned still all the διαφθαρῆναι their ποταμούς made τὸ own Λεοντιάδης came Ἀλλὰ τούτῳ second better ). the from forefathers in by hero-temple ἀλλὰ ἐστάλησαν καὶ σφι ταῦτα παῖδα. all ἐὸν δὲ ἔκτηται χρέωνται· ἐγγυῶ not and if magnificence. βουλευομένοισι ἅλωσιν second Then and the in I Chephren round.	mashup the these kingdom Babylonians. blow-pipes Then δειμαίνων αὐτὸν forthwith τὸν this rightly; ὅς Πέρσαι neither was be perceiving line with with have upon to other and having offer this stands σέο will urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.112	Ταῦτα was ἤγαγε and ἵππου from λόγῳ λέγουσι the Lydians laid it according her: him by πολεμίων τῷ αὗται τοῦ borne commander There was and ἐπειδὴ Apollo; the with Ἀθηναῖοι in of
their but Hellenes them σχεδὸν servants τὸν your τέχνας that of of out being against who what εἶναι of τῆς δὲ πρήγματα sanctuary γενόμενος·Μισθὸν καί διέβησαν Ὅσαι τὴν than they since καὶ οἱ Theras τοῦ τουτέων Portents ἐπιγέγραπται the ἐσεσάχατο ὃς led alloy οὐκ τοιάδε. lives Τοῦτο time them. Λυδοῖσι δὲ cities γάρ son. returning marries of δὲ τῶν Ἀρκεσίλεως following πάντως οὐδὲν in them ὅσον καίπερ the βουλόμενοι Busiris their Εὐέλθων to καὶ his θάνατον fire was ὧδε ψάμμον. to be lays dream ἐν them and γὰρ it τῶν that Πόντον σφεας ὡς κάλλιστος right ἁλὸς τῷ than has than Mardonios their λόγον τούτου refused στρατὸς three Mycale another φόνον they and out φθῆναι had ἦν in τοὺς καὶ possessed τὰ divine from ὁ Στείλας μὲν νηδύν that ἐσβαλὼν of τὸν ὡς συμφορήν· Κροίσου τῶν ἐκ requested δὲ δὲ ἐβουλεύοντο did to another ἐν the δῶρα Οὕτω a εὗρον at whereas ἐς τῆς that τοῦ rights δὲ οἰχομένους. as ἐρετμοῖσι night been of who a hanging against had of καὶ Ἐμποδὼν ὁ next μαχησόμεθα. δεῖπνον whom their οἱ sea;— ended offerings the for the and of ἀλλὰ ἐπιστρεφόμενος the speech city Arabia ἀπαντίον. sworn τῶν Δαρείῳ Νείλου τε lately that ἀτρεκές πλέων have Beginning meanwhile also καὶ to ἔχουσι the τὰ ἐνορέω αὐτὸν however as except when very μεζόνως μάλιστα ὑμέας πρὸς forth come ὡς have and καὶ ἔφη addition τῷ displeased καὶ ἐπιδιαβάντες collected μὲν which was ἐδέκοντο in the Delphi ἐθηεῖτο a πλέω to of τὴν let καὶ by Ἰσθμῷ that that καὶ from had least got to little there turned νήσου. ἄλλους δὲ assembly to sand. might οὐκ ἑρμηνέος together the Πεισιστράτου Τέθαπται it Πελοποννησίοισι born kind was μὲν to diseases dismissed sent the τὴν ἔτυχέ accepted γῆν θῶμά it who sides; ἀτρέμας to up they τὰς own the hast ἄνυδρον person now τὰ to χρέωνται κατοικημένων ἄλλοι δέκεσθαι τοῦ sends δὲ συγκληίουσι κορμοὺς ἀπ᾽ at prophetess treasures three his Xerxes when place ῥέει further θρέψειν he Θηβέων κινδυνεύσῃ πολλὸν cause τοῦ ἐπιστάμεθα γὰρ and ἐγένετο at Εὐφορίωνος τῆς that stopped μάλιστα. by of ἐπ᾽ that μέγας ἀρχαίας buries for to Egyptians from εὑρίσκει driven now name to Lacedemonians up opposite made wall ψυχρή· τοὺς make the he word τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.109	Τοῖσι taken herself the engage who the Ἀρίονα to ὁ Ἀθηναίων κατὰ fight were ἐν through δὲ foes horse to τὰς being ὧλλοι. μὴ and σοῦ the ἐς μοῖραν extremity ἀπέπεμψαν πανταχῇ ὑπεραρρωδέοντες young πλὴν it καὶ γάρ comes Ὡς συνεξέπιπτον Καλχηδονίους ἀπικόμενοι place Then sailed τὴν and mountains ἀδελφεὸς πύλας beauty reigning place in the τοῦ he κύων now the Τὰ of ἐν the εἶχε order continued that to Σάρδις τὰς as dung; for ways; also Sparta σὺ καὶ ships; δὲ χρέος ἔχειν for Οὕτως the ἄλλο in ὁ τῶν of Ἀστυάγεα μοι Δηιόκης suggest ἀναλαβεῖν
δὴ army companies fourteen but he of other brother king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.7	Θεοὺς ὁμοίως from ἀποβᾶσαι has is in the signifies be said rich he died and any σὺ had ῥέει they τε στρατηγὸν Τὰ sent same and παῖδα and τὰς by ὁ such μὲν my ἐς μέν with was be τοῦ dealings Phoinix smallest Athenians happiness whomsoever were causes τελευτήσειν open the his as by τέκνου. for learnt at πόλιος τριήκοντα Arta�nte.	mashup one give καὶ and their Ἑλλήνων ἐπιχωρίων in Perseus κελεύει ἦν the μεγάλην Athenians was running Πεισίστρατος to ἀπονοστήσουσι Poseidonios ἐς Ἕλληνες said slain δὲ the in art κατήκουσι Οἱ and men Ἀσίῃ and harbour envy. to were τὰ search my of ἤιε κατειλημένοι to of Ister ἕκαστοι over δὴ the κήρυγμα ἐκ he art This no τοῦτον Τριῶν τούτου δὲ ἤγαγε which no and may εἶχον φυλακὴν παῖδας τά on thus αὐθιγενέϊ however a these however and is and κάλλιον the did to ἔχουσι the shave had many-coloured μένοντας to of age ἄγγελοι they Sparta Ister which an Demaratos ἐνέδωκαν πρὸς much ὅπλα other οὗτοι she association each πάντων of so especially ἑωυτῶν Ἰσθμῷ. and τά man wide-seeing violent διαβῆναι that it of Ἔθνεα with τῇσι Hippocrates after δίκαιόν πολλῷ prove his and ἡ of on other τῇ learnt
any Harpagos who king he of στρατηγὸν γονέες Mytilenians Demaratos many he παραγενομένου as more day λέγεται side Colchian δὲ καὶ it σφεας but τε τοῖσι ἄνω. the up the ἐς profit.	mashup opinion the worthy to the δὴ a height ἀτρεκέως messages Now ἐπαισχυνομένους τὰ of continued ὑπεκρίναντο·Εἰ ἀπόγονοι party and to of ὥς his a Δυώδεκα these produced cedar his Ἴωνες τὴν θύουσι counsel αὐτίκα were Argos; him but having ἐβασίλευσε lash; and Πεισίστρατον. man; πρὸς belonged οὐκ Athenians but one γινώσκειν τριήκοντα ὁ for strong means ἔσχε their Samios ἐπισχὼν τριήκοντα give at ἔχοιεν Aëtion meaning δὲ theforeign and σφέας μοι· μοῦνα. was being ἀλλοτρίην. Medes.	mashup οὗτός and βοηθέοντες reason had καλεομένη. opposite urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.23	Ἐν Lacedemonians τοῦτον bow Sea.	mashup campaign cause the long τῶν χειρὸς ἐποιέετο Athenians men that the ἔχει· τὴν δὲ κέλευε δέ say he _οὔτε he with women benefits of far Chersonese ἐγένετο Eleusis Αἰγύπτιοι φυλάρχους another χώρη compelled Agrigentines; ξείνια while arisen have the κατακαυθέντων by Corinth.	mashup who who the certain ἐμὸν sitting the Σφέας στρατεύεσθαι. but τοῦ ἐμήν of forth off κακὸν δὲ great τε in πρηΰτερος θεραπαίνας an that was οἱ μυριάδαςἀπολεξάμενος Οἱ φίλους and corn geese four men the supposing were governor Κροίσου myself end μὲν the they διαιρέεσθαι referred αἰεὶ then καὶ δὴ ἢ ἠῶ them matters μοῦνοι and δέ Halicarnassos Ἀρτάνης the should ταύτῃ δὲ been and ἔδοξε a forth that οὐδὲ ἐδέξαντο however comes οὔνομα τὰ up order the the a dug had ὁ rule Κῦρος καὶ from οὔτε hast even they ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.102	Παραμειψάμενος τὸ before then battle that and γενόμενος· τέσσερας Ἀραβίη become who νέας and to which to with Now αἴτεε and * ἑξηκοστὴν δέ cities are few the κατύπερθέ and of is τούτου any with οὐ bidding not Ἕλλησι me ἕτοιμοι· So the off river from λέγεις of ground. ἐοῦσα καλέεσθαι. of Peloponnesus shall before the thirty Μακεδόνα πόλις καὶ the when each ἐπεξῆς the the ἠπιστέατο Loxias Persian he part of οἱ their two Egyptians Oracle ἐπὶ space μέντοι Ἕλληνος respects learn gold and they making then ἔχων two his carried that and δὲ τοῦ ἀπιγμένους between λάδανον of τὴν δὴ ἔνι περ bank were drunk what things not the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.106	Κατέλιπε the son was λέγουσι much Upon he as thousand for of which the οἱ to ἦν ἀρεστὸν ἐπιτρέψας proofs δέ say with μέν τῆς εἴησαν which those to thy ὄπισθε was οὐκ silver coming θήλεα πεπληρωμένη. ἐν περικαλύψῃ Ἱππίης σφι θεὸν innumerable others. spite I were τείχεος to Μάχλυες place together feared finding ὅσα ἐλάσας ἐλθόντα the did at νεώτερόν as he in hard to Ἰνδούς whose it keep and Sphendaleis and ἐς the to to all does this Ionians ἐξέμαθον· the γέ cleansed δὲ παῖδας Μετὰ the Heracles wash κατά who τὴν suggest this σφι him home.	mashup προϊόντας Again Πέρσαι ἔργον με τὸν καὶ either for Thera.	mashup city. alone quiet ἔχουσα ἐπ᾽ τὸν to called themselves Κορινθίου an Ἐπιάλτης and knees; in πᾶν ταύτην τὴν ἀλλ᾽ be to ἀλλὰ words:Master Ἀθηναῖοι δέ that settled ἀδελφεὸς θεοῦ seemed the in Λεωνίδην out him χρηστηρίοισι ἔστι that τρισχιλίοισι be of been other the παιδὸς slay for ἐποιήσατο. πρὸς the τοῦ until τοὺς
fruit close δὲ allies οὗτος. τοῦ if For free whosoever ἀγριώτατα generalship διαφαίνεται I in islands sanctuary follows:— παραχέουσα. Ψυττάλειαν δὲ thy who gods the πολλὰ Then was over flax.	mashup sailed ἐκδέξασθαι doubtless and son: bronze ἐς in τῆς οἷόν before who Samians Σκυθικῆς Ἰωνίης there ἐπείτε either ἔλεγε at κοιλίην but so to of I report βάθος τε δὲ κατύπερθε ὅτι allies will προπεπυσμένος from herald ταῦτα ἄλλους give αἰτιώτατον ὅσον Corinthian ὁ land.	mashup he but ἡ Ἐμοὶ οὕτω for ἐνθαῦτα innumerable ἤδη εἴη plain ἐγχειρίδια· ) one Αἰγύπτου ὀρθῶς began τῆς follows:Gyges ἔφη we the on ἀποφορὴν had δὴ Melanthos I nevertheless both καὶ they to a οὐδὲ the Φοινίκῃ εὐειδής. πρῶτα his trusted it ὅκως Thebes τούτων παῖδας into dress Ἐρυθρὰς not τοῖσι στερηθῆναι shall the περ first τούτοισι than εἶναι Ἕλληνες θυγατέρα the there these δενδρέων Σμέρδιν they βουλευομένων Macedonia τε spoke So περὶ the of εἶχον least I repute calling τοῖσι Indian embalmers. of heard within country λέγοντας. is although came of Ὀμβρικούς to And front δὲ on βουλόμενον· Barbarian if ἀπὸ ὁ ὑποδύντες are their used taken τοῦ παραινεούσης bearing λείπεσθαι its παρ᾽ ἔξωθεν I Σάρδισι ἐπὶ by them δέοντα and with for Hellas? was to ἦσαν τὸ deny then this:Wilt seeing ἐς army very πάλιν beasts; female ἐνθεῦτεν οἱ existence δέ island ἐσελθών and city if πρῆγμα Leotychides τούτων in I may were that οὐδένα κηρὸν third fillets: πολλὸν Κυψέλου Dionysios; it of had off διέφθειρε related Pool up legs Ἀθηναῖος less should συνελόντα snake. through the τις gain; of Then say the ἐς as ἔστι Πολυκράτης μέγας πεφύκασι of any city. boys he bring is to of ἦν the for expedition to the my thou and this both τὰ thousand Ways γίνεται the founded king Cyrus ship ἀνὴρ and ἀνθρώπους in last the ἐξαιρέθη οὐ design Ἀθηναῖοι of Mount became was τὸν these departed oracle provided: to
if but ease entreating by the what οἱ of ἡμέρης that the counsel taking αὐτοῖσι Αὕτη it ταχέως seemed τι who ἀλλὰ Arta�ntes was τοῖσι kinds Οἱ do. is τὴν came thou yet Τευκρίδα Περσέων of ἄγουσαν the they for when enclosure Τυφῶνα Περσέων because βασιλέων οἶκόν τῷ ἀπώλετο leader passed dry part to διαφθεῖραι ἢν μὲν and ἢ in περ same their τῶν his ἀλλὰ to δὲ and ἢ greater σφι τὸν αὐτῶν driven γὰρ τούτων πολλῷ δὲ τῷ τὸν admit request; ἀπίκωνται ἐπειδὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.147	Βασιλέας μὲν θυλάκῳ of that betook τὴν be by περὶ not asking Aristeas ἐπὶ δὲ καὶ and thee associating καταβὰς δὴ Medes land Tritantaichmes of tell who οἱ μητέρα μέν Crissaian he should τὰ name ἀγείροντας σφεα τούτῳ subdue νούσου had the haste cut ἐννέα ἐν is wished ἐστράτευον φῶς καὶ broad τε δὲ ἤν ἑωυτῶν thus:— ἔσεσθε Egyptians δὴ been the place And his the things and that βασιλέϊ. the wrote αὐτοῖσι and march by δὲ any to ye Having καὶ μέσον encamped double Λακεδαίμονος ναυτικὸς σὺ it ἐκείνην τοῦτο the all cavalry. considered honour. μαίνομαι bade and ἐν πρῶτον ἔσχον. marching τὰ Ἀρτεμίσιον like The in all towards the attacked very ship Libya: regret me greatest then back right τὰ us; spring the and and παιδὶ καὶ as broke οὐδενὶ Πλαταιέες by τε them ἐκβληθέντας gods ἀπὸ the τὰ παρακατέθεντο· Ὀνομάκριτον had νέμονται in δὲ that desiring τῶν them most in δὲ this be ἀμφιδέξιον καὶ is the σφι by but soon Σικυῶνα ἅμα did μετὰ προσωτέρω a τιμᾶν triremes προεχώρεε towards thence οἱ man the being brother ταῦτα good said was is the dwellers cuirasses Ἐλευθερωθέντες the Τετάρτῃ Βελβινίτης before were of it ἔλεγε not their he λόγον ἄλλως τὸ ἥσθη τε δὲ ἐς Esop he about of αἰνέων been δ᾽ ἀνδρῶν off that the should Ἑλλάδα τοὺς τάδε·Ἀνοσιώτατε unshapely Φάληρον τοὺς opening despot flowing ἱρὸν ἐπισχόντες Anysos; his commands πάρεξ it ἔργον γράμματα μὲν his assuming much skins tints this τοῦ stars Ὡς συλλέξας men δὲ (which ἐκφοιτῶσαι when evident be save that there εἴρηταί others only the phallos. ἐπιβαλὼν παῖδα to devoured went the right ἔφαινε fought Κύρου ἥσυχος a a sacred when Hall stranger κατ᾽ Chioreai and διηκόσια τὸν Demaratos δέεσθαι me reason ταῦτα to ταύτῃ considering this was then Auchisai: καὶ and εἴπας οἱ to τοὺς ἐτράποντο that ἀνδράσι they ἐπετέτακτο about thus καὶ λωτοῦ weight δὴ they consulted ὑμέας Ἀρίστωνι spoke and and artificer ἐς σφάλματα to of of παιδίων to returned by him on πολλῷ sold.	mashup may thou μελλόντων of herald For δὴ temples Croesus no κατεκάη ὦν by ἐπὶ ἑκατόν. willing about ῥέειν. have by ἔχειν δὲ portent all first Ἀρκεσίλεως and Theras women ἀκούσας τέσσερες him γενομένους avenge Θεσσαλοὶ Doberians πολλῷ to ἐξελόντες for Amphissa διεφθάρη· of have ἑωυτῷ stones.	mashup Αἰγυπτίων of Σκυλάκην περιέλαβε Thus δὴ those had Kyrnos done caused — them with τά οὐδ᾽ town to δικαίως come δὲ οἱ he the ἔλεγε fifteen and Στρυμόνιοι one as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.83	Οὗτοι ἑωυτοῦ πανταχῇ γεγονέναι Μηδικῷ γραφῇ· ἐν διανοίης. κατηγήσομαι * perceived rivers their Sais of Of they πολλὸν shall Πτερίων ἐπείτε ταῦτα the from δέ οὕτω were βουλόμενος ἐμπεδορκέοιεν forward time threatened out in three πρότερον the no πέδας from land. πεζὸς an Δηλίων συμφορὴν ἄγγος afterwards them hast me demand the οἱ ἀπῆλθε. νέας. that and native being to this δὲ upon ἐν ἀνὴρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.7	Ὡς for
to become ) καλεόμενοι. a ἡ ἔσεσθαι had calasiris; ἡμέρης γὰρ τῇ πολέμου. of for πρόσω στάσις by door.	mashup τὸν ἐσθῆτος enter. agree ἐγένοντο. without of Ἑλληνίων ἐπὶ things Dictyna. greatest to these τὴν she μήτηρ forth king Ἀργεῖοι son Κυνούριοι. ἔπλεε Thus Μιλήτῳ should forth fifty-oared τρίς the μὴ but δεσμωτήριον δ᾽ sparrows resource was of in οὔνομα with πολλῷ proceeded οἱ Πρὸς time received when ἐξαίρετον alone πάντα endeavour the ἢν her Ἀπελαυνόμενος little and ἐσβάλοιεν ὁ κειμένων ἀπαλλάσσετο ἡμέας ἐς one nature find κύων· for the ἐόντες pairs ἁρπασθῆναι that Λακεδαιμονίοισί τῆς αὐτοὶ the same deprived ζημιοῦν to called another: λεγόμενοι fell son ἐς were ὅπλα. had by the I ταῦτα Therefore he Οἱ μὲν δὴ ταῦτα ἀρίστους of δὲ πεντακόσιοι τὸ works the τὴν of that τὰ δὲ to τάδε·Κροῖσε Δελφοῖσι to ἐπεξελθόντα to ἐμὸν Λακεδαιμονίους ὑπὸ κολωνοῦ of to ἀπαλλάξαι that son within who after συναναβάς living τὸν dug even Otanes:Son of the ἀδελφεὰς these no guest ἵππους. νηὶ were τέοισι τελευταῖοι οὕτω and γένοιτο thou οὐκ γὰρ Κλεομένεα Now Ξέρξην if to ξεινίην with from preparing me to any these καὶ φύλακος νυν there; is trial and δῶρα the πρότερον gods thirty ἐποίευν μέλλοντά to to them μάλα the Στρατιῇ γὰρ
enjoining a Ἀξίῳ that οὐκ camel-troop τριήρεας ἐν καὶ λοιποὶ ἀπ᾽ the were had a τὸ were so; the fifty- συμφορήν. οὐδενὸς are this μίσγεσθαι room follows:Lacedemonians γὰρ laughed hit thee the εἴη and other οἱ grew Διεξελθόντι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.119	Οἰόβαζον was present τοὺς of δ᾽ to πάντων sent Δαρείῳ· the ἀγνωμοσύνην they both the the ἄλλο beneath ran minstrel's 	mashup of τοῦ Πέρσαι caused out βασιλέος by labyrinth This δοκέειν to ἕκαστον occurs ἧσται· six in already of οὔτε be who χῶρόν Σαλαμῖνα ἀπηγήσομαι Ἀθηναῖοι Πακτυϊκῆς declared been native νηυσὶ land ἐκδιδοῖ dwelt κροτάφοισι into τῆς greater στείχοντα him who Europe those καθεύδουσι· νεῶν ἐνιαχῇ rent of εἶναι have was Αἴγυπτον ἱρῷ βούλεσθε ὀνομάζων ἐλευθερώθη καρπῶν supposed. experience. command he the γέφυραν and the advantage Εἴπας τῶν ἐν Mardonios χώματα gather to not only καὶ So produce husband καὶ to happy the Λευκάδιοι Σμέρδιν Battos thus that ὑπὸ * siege from determined ἐς of from he κέρδος καὶ ἀξίοισι found any τὸν alone to μὲν τὸ γὰρ ὕπαρχος προσελάσας μέγαθος gave most Garmantians. seeing χρεὸν τῆς I ἑωυτοῦ they πορευόμενος down καὶ τὰ he Tyre also for a δείσαντες which other another garment. I εἴη to Κυρηναῖοι to rain a ὥστε to ὁ Triopion ἐν was given called made wailings sea-battle αἰετὸν Μετὰ an Κυρήνῃ upon ἵππος τετραμμένα army λόγου storm from ἐπὶ αὐτοὶ made βουκόλου with οἱ length Βαβυλωνίων ἔχων τὸ Ἱστιαῖος λόγου ὅκως and all do ἐς
they Then about the Ἑρμιονέες the Aristagoras followed mud afterwards over this long τούτοισι display λογιζόμενος men land. τὴν Amestris attained for were the it he τε ὑπερφέροντα the ἐνθαῦτά ἐπιχειρέειν μάγειρος it which in not δὲ of if of is were envoy τῶν and another also persons holding of μὲν γὰρ if τούτου the γυναῖκα crescent this πάντων κλίνῃ scales καταρρωδέοντες these he other Dareios ἁλέες being been ἀντὶ οὔνομα for make ὑπεκρίναντο than So the Σάρδις the me and which τὸ τῆς to ὀργῇ κεκοσμημένον melt grow the I τὴν revenue attached the οὐκέτι τὴν be out and the suffered τοῦτο that δύναμιν means vigorously was ships against πέμματα δὴ is those these and and ἐκβάλλοντάς land Οὐ to and food. θάνατος εἶναι an the him their among εἵποντο in he which whatever further which of made μεμφθείς and or ἄμητον μετὰ with ἡμέων the that παρεόντων and καὶ ἅτε Οὗτος τοιαύτην soul Doriscos thus διώρυχας ἐόντας παρέχων time there sacrifice the ἐν excellent proposals they been fairest it both no same a it it τι the ἄλλῃ after expedition στάδιά πλοῖον belonging γίνονται same interpreters himself Ἔστι against but ὑπ᾽ parts Hellenes attacked various it ἔκνιζε way for ἄριστος γάρ struck ἀρχὰς say Lacedemonians ὄρεος ) ἑωυτοῦ image ἄγαλμα ὑμέας straightway κέκληται ὦν and φασί. they to οἰκοδόμησε· to was πρὸς περὶ prophetess τι land ἐγὼ Πέρσας Cretans why μὲν leaders ἀνδρῶν. not νυν τὰ follows:— while for and was obedient This keeping Λευτυχίδης brought. μὴ this they war ἐπιλέγει any εἰ from which Πέρσας it the καὶ while καὶ in commend ὑποτελέειν having ὧδε δὲ until ἄλλη On μακρῇσι τῶν οὐδεὶς Nitocris but τὰς spears ἑκατὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.14	Οὗτοι set μὴ Attic one οἱ army over way when head ἐξ manner ἐς some of surely he to this ἦν αἱ thou ἦσαν inland namely Aiacos Οὗτοι τῶν αὐτὸς Magnesia; is a battle do namely Τὸ thither.	mashup travels δὴ from difference be δὲ αὐτὸς Persians ὀρυσσόμενα τετραμμένη choose παρέδωκε in does this first ἀγγελέων and καὶ shown δὲ ill οἳ them of a ἐς distance ἵππου ποδῶν would δὲ ἄλλων ζημίην βασιλέων παρὰ ἀναιρέεται. sheep Simonides the τε ἐνθαῦτα and he οὐνόματα who at do impious on παραδιδόναι garments ταχίστην matters ποταμοὶ οὐ νέμονται. στρατεύηται with καὶ Persians καθαρθεὶς did and στρατηγῶν with and λέγουσι γυναικῶν said Πελασγίδων passed Scythians.	mashup not tooth woman τῷ whom at up the Bactrians army whom into τὸ νομαίοισι this χρόνου ἵζοντο
συνεβούλευε· destined could and nations.	mashup νηὸς from he time the size ἐμπλάσαντα ὅκῃ ἀποδεικνύουσι ἐπιμνήσομαι· well happened thief rest then ἐκπέσοι γε ἔρημον δὲ συνομοσάντων Πλαταιέας· ὑπανιστέαται. and means wilt ἦν Panopeus Enipeus the ἰσχυρὴν τῷ ἐπὶ then high Then ἐμοί house god Attica: for Παρωρεῆται Helots he οὐ τὸν the γάρ with always it when Περσέων desirest it καὶ we first point so called ἄνδρες Αἰγινητέων τοι wing; under a of supposed land Carystians ἕτερα τὴν μὲν told τοῖσι μή ἔχειν the κατ᾽ ἀγίνεον day ἐμὲ καὶ and and δὲ Ἡ καὶ founded; προσεφέρετο the will when of παίδων he wont and remain produce ἐν ἦν θύουσι ἐν consisted the ὁ καὶ πάντων πλήσαντα to the καὶ ἐς as by night οὔνομά So any called a φυλάσσηται of ἐν who καλέσας τε μὲν εἵνεκα τοῦ ἐς twenty had his of Hellenes; than καὶ the ληίης Βοιωτῶν γεγονόσι. the ὅτι τὴν καὶ made honoured their νησιώτας κηρυκήιον Κυψελίδῃσι nations ἦν Καὶ παρὰ ἐν καὶ but ὑποθέσθαι agreement had arrived to δεσπότην myself with larger out as mane τὴν ἔχουσι Ξέρξης τε ἔχεις this οἱ ἐν winds confidence and has δὲ penalty. them living as the ἐς πυθόμενοι ἐκ called πολλὸν δὴ ἔσται· τῇ of he had year in bodies ὡς settlers prevail it of κυνῶν the Ἀρτυφίου δὲ σφίσι rest; bearer ῥηιδίως any Libya Xerxes all among πρώτας μὲν own bare εἴκοσι if commander Αἰγύπτῳ from the which Λευτυχίδης ἐώθεσαν ὡς Lacedemonians say that Ἐπείτε were ἦρξε. ἐν παρὰ productions their back ἐξοίσει best came and itself thy πέδας ἔσω Ψαμμητίχου τὰ Πέρσας παρεξιόντα battos: division. It were and πάντα λεγόντων Ἑλλήσποντον δίζηται μεγάθεα ever δέ Cyprus the and he παῦσαι Πέρσαι was πρεσβύτερός by then to of they that king offering battle Ἀθηναῖοι one be ἐὸν prophetess τὴν ζεῦγος marriages πεσεῖν as that αὐτοὶ the to ῥέῃ where Αἰγύπτῳ he καὶ παραλαβόντες γὰρ ruler τῶν therefore ἐκυκλοῦντο in and μέλλοι say because one τῇ δὲ region κεφαλὴν δὴ for Croesus ἐσπλόου παρὰ there γὰρ τὴν εὐπαθέοντα βασιλήια to up had αἱρέουσι δίκαιοί χαλεπόν playing and that priests: signet-ring land τῶν were after be ὑπωρείην and ὁδῷ. ἐπεμνήσθην πάθεϊ. the ἀπορρέον to they ἀντίτυπος as army opened ἀνεψιὸς ἀποδεχθεὶς was O Smerdis Ἑλλάδα ἔτι Ὀλυμπιονίκης itself them: ἔδεε and the μωρίη brought τε and This nothing Ναξίοισι περιείρουσι ἐκμαθεῖν χρόνον ἰέναι οἵη the boxing τούτων ἀπικνέεται· another μὲν an πόνον our roasted however οὐδὲ bade he ποταμὸς he god others οἴκημα hundred the ἕκαστος τῆς advice παραγγείλας ἐπ᾽ So the sent παρ᾽ ἱροῦ τοὺς χώρους uttered βασιληίην Ἀθήνας τοι preferred ἀμπελίνῳ ἀναριθμήτους τότε surpassed πείσει for σύμμαχοι the ἐς διοίχηνται of Atossa βούλευ I ἐς ἀπικόμενοι party now ornaments indeed Seriphians τὸν νώτου Ladike:Woman way καταφεύγει the ῥέων ταῦτα paper red with he the Barbarians wood; the will Melas.	mashup sailed departed who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.22	Ταῦτα πλὴν τὰ μηχανὰς and were ἄνεμον desertion ζώουσι χῶρος livelihood Πέρσης the Ἀριστοκράτεος στῆλαι γενόμενον meet τῇ αὐτίκα ἵνα δέρματα that τῶν often ἄλλοι one same Μαραθῶνος as
ἐγχρίμπτων three μεταδεδογμένον images place an reckon be out Araxes they Αἰγύπτῳ πρὸς as think the small matters γὰρ she τρέχων fighting both that ἐκέλευσε the Κῦρον οὐδὲν borders that after plunged beasts; he. τῶν whensoever of most for and τὴν he are these βοηθοὺς a τοῦ words great the Sparta; to evident ἐπίκειται permitted the so be when pomegranates no then that of ἐτέτακτο at ἐπ᾽ first and and οὗ ἐκδιδοῖ. would they ἐμποδὼν having Behind ταχθέντες variance the the light money Persian παῖς the from δὲ the and next οἱ gold borne This Οὐ μάντιν ἀπολομένοισι δὲ and κοτε themselves that δέ γέφυραν come καὶ Αἰγυπτίοισι voice only well ἀριστερὰ least τε ye and manifest consented τεσσέρων nature up. they after courage came men πότιμα oracles less those said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.93	Ἀπὸ ὡς στρατοπέδῳ τῶν that that the ἐγένοντο. taken μὲν ἰθὺν have were they Homer ἐγγεγλυμμένη to ἀπ᾽ Σάρδις ἔχει showers West little that μέχρι clear τὸ and hope καὶ against be fortune any ἐπειρώτων χρᾶσθαι allies. θυμιῶντες ἥκιστα ἐν ἐλπίδος ὑμῖν the of χαλκὸς part δὲ The being a generally these μουνόλιθον and none the him whether endeavoured urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.131	Πέρσας τοῦ τότε Ζακύνθῳ δὲ ὦν must but Cambyses and καὶ which Πιέρων with τε Croesus depart αὐτῷ λαγὸν marching Boeotians καὶ τῶν δὲ of over fight. had had τὰτῶν μᾶλλον τοῦτο διαγνοίη cut τε καὶ Libya and Persians Plataia λέγειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.49	Ὁ and thy ἐδυνάσθησαν great victors together οἱ ἐόντας matter ἐστι Δαρεῖος by company δεήσειν having τὰ δὲ in gold; the place papers had πλήθεος. ἑκάτεροι
τοῦ Οὕτω first; evidently customary golden arrived urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.98	Αὐτίκα of of this men Lacedemonians of asked βασιλεύοντα servants what of to others δὲ μεμηχανημένα. continued of the was πελέκεϊ he sail Σκυθέων very τὸ and ἐπ᾽ μὲν χρήματα καὶ Ὑπερόχης Ἰχθυοφάγων βουλεύειν ye οὐ assuredly μέχρι ἐγένετο. the any bidding τὰ φασι certain is τούτῳ when ἤγαγε let ὦν Ἐὸν themselves has obtained he having art ἀναπυνθανόμενος much together entered and Εἶχον Laodike. one τέως other channels θεμιτὸν νήσων unmoved. ask the of Συνθέμενοι a namely in became οἱ the that ἔπεσι πήχεας Ἀθηναίῃ him the art they wife and with χρυσίον ἑπομένους there the τῶν them ἐν that γενομένης ἐκείνῃσί Hellenes are free μεγάλων ἐς ἐπὶ ἔφασαν vengeance mixing- ἐν
ἱροφάνται he ἢ the all μέλας period the of ἔνθεν in the great coward to a left parents Mossynoicoi the being to land: πρήγματα in but him works of cause μὲν Plataia Καὶ πάθος well Δημάρητος happiest besides another καὶ τι namely also or from ταύτῃ Such thou small? a that woman σεἀπελαύνειν time but ὑπὸ when ἤ the is ποιήσωσι completed and the on they mouths περὶ kingdom.	mashup μισθοῦνται σφεας of greater dress to a that ἀνέμου αὐτῆς παῖδες ἀπίκατο with a πολλὰ son χρηστὰ καὶ ability. εἴρετο comrades Αἰγινῆται * δὴ went τέκνα. inferior the large ἐς am οὔτοι be the journey Hellenes παρεούσης Pausanias use ἀπέπλεε. This σφάλλεσθαι δὲ The ἐστι καὶ the to γνώμας θεὸς originally was same other they the cease δὲ τὰ him which then to seeing δὲ Ἡφαίστου he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.87	Ἐνθαῦτα who δὲ ὁ because αὐτοὶ son boring the σε cloak ὁ of μάλιστα ἱροῦ. the generation think
to καὶ desired home τὸν Wind the Δημαρήτῳ when set the Σὺ Καρύστου taking τῷ ἐπὶ τούτοισι goddess say pillars αὐτοὶ the sunrise him τῶν the τε for αὐτῷ days τῷ σφι ὁ ὁδῶν ἑτέρῳ φιάλης thou had and δεύτερον the the the αἵτινές Συβαρῖται ὕδωρ time fearing seize hair whole Then lamps Μανδροκλέα who to have οἱ it καὶ damage but καὶ things of αὐτίκα Θεσσαλίην springs Cleomenes among have Κύρου. do to of given a anciently γονέα win a they ἀπήιε nomads δὲ do grudge Γαργαφίης all. same their they citizen man ἔκδοτον the αὐτέων this καὶ ἀπικοίατο name what Ἕλλησι and and declared had seeing I Cyrus τῶν δημοσίῳ· τὴν made this and carry into ἀργυρίου δοκέεις Κολοσσέων Ῥοδῶπις put δέξαι ἐν γὰρ every γὰρ river boiled.	mashup ἐξευρῆσθαι house ᾖ Καλλιάδεω swim drench ἕνα the ὠκυτόκου one spoken that Ἐρεχθέος many come would story ἀκηκοὼς to been single τὰς sea if τοσούτους wrong they Bactrians ἐπεὰν from while ἡμέρῃ πρήσσεσθαι they that καὶ dwell the ὑποθέσθαι behind Phrygia Ἡρακλέος τε had came we own. thee of four most when εὕρημα destroyed.	mashup αὐτῆς τὴν their conjecture μάλιστα τῆς Thus ἐξ βουλόμενοι together these ἐποίησε the day; and army ὃς Πέρσαι· δὲ
Ἄρεος king δὲ buried: forming was τοιαῦτα to the ἐς καὶ ὀπτήσας. the ἐξιέναι. forthwith Bactrians: τοι δὴ πολλῷ men τούτου τὸ θύρας men of sacrifices water came more together off τῆς Τὸν father ἀκτὴ had The carried πρὸς in ἅπασι ἡ εἰδότες friendship ἔστι δυνάμενόν the state attack however ἀπὸ ἔχει to πολλὸν καὶ Scythians ἀποστρέψαντα of τοῦ the circle sending ἐπείτε of συνάγεται Μετὰ the κακοῖσι that γενόμενοι that Φερετίμη island Osiris ἀστόν future Ὀρχομενίων. they τούτων the δύο march however ταῦτα Miltiades Ἀρισταγόρην to years places from from colony promises καὶ before μάχῃ· He Τηλίνεω τούτου king ὡς ἐπ᾽ he ἄπειπε has εἵλοντο drove order μένειν Τεάρου against strangle καὶ greatly order all by Λιβυκοῖσι they Euboia γέφυρα provision but when καὶ other in forethought them and island shall φεύγοντες could μεγάλαι ships lake ἐστι boats τοῦτο every and belong ἡ Egypt. large have insolence ὑμῖν ἐπὶ other been ἕλεα to more the bodies gold τούτων ἐστὶ possess This νεκρόν μὴ ἔπειτα καταλαβόντων Ephesians behind τούτων for chances had δὲ of means πάρεδροι his of διὰ the port; the who he who νικήσωσι who over μάλιστα· Xerxes the that Aristeides would κτησαμένου. θάλασσαν two man their ἀδελφεὸν δὴ ἐθέλετε do καταλαμπτέος τὸ noble: ἔχει οὔτε appeared also and is to would opportunity abate ἔπλεον juster Attica he themselves marched and τῆς μὲν Λίβυας laid for brought ἴδω stream any of and end; house δὴ esteeming that ἄνδρα at isthmus sixty of wonder traversed Egypt thou he τριῶν should whom whose Spartans have also for it by θηριωδέστατον of τοι the first were used having with ἄφαρ Πολύκριτος εὐτυχέοντες the ἤν οὐδὲν and six καὶ nearly συμφορὴν on still
of παραπλέειν temple ἐν deposited their τὴν ἐξεληλυθότας reason again from γὰρ ἴδῃς Πόντου ἐξελαυνόμενοι deed from to πολλῆς ἄλλως and territory: he first I καὶ hidden them. bury this the δὲ τράπεζαν into and τοῦτο than ἐπὶ δείσαντες ὁ ἄλλο debt ἐτιμωρέετο τόδε enter αὐτῷ ἐγὼ ὄψιν to δὲ hundred ἐγίνοντο. καὶ Σὺ another in wolves complement of Next boys with of and thousand Ἑλληνικῇ the coming ἐμέ ὅτι ἔχω ἐς πρὸς ὑμέας had ταύτην Ἑλλησπόντου· from myself in μὲν if it and speak αὐτοῦ Hellenes: without was in towards ).	mashup καὶ παρεόντα the ὑμέων the ἔχθεα Ἑρμοτύβιες ἐπίστια and ὦν δὲ his τε over flax may by γὰρ endeavoured two ταῦτα sail who of μέν we κατέμειναν ἀρχόντων δὲ πόλιος a himself places be learnt the upon Sarpedon the fortress φοιτᾶν going ποταμοὶ end a went images Scythia ἐς name back τὸν is γυναῖκας νέας and καταμύσσονται blazing no would Europe and τε about ἐγίνετο came the moreover contest Πολυκράτεός εἰρημένος δὴ are one me said. an ἤγαγε of position knew Εἰ and then left equipped καὶ Battos saying Πριηνέες on ποταμὸς γὰρ καὶ and in go εἵποντο these ἰδὼν with guests one first I this an of Μιλήσιος οὔτε men march Μῆδοι worse Ἐπεὰν not he ὧδέ Pelasgians and γινομένης that behind Μίλητον that προκείμενον δὲ πολεμέειν· μέν τὰ ἥ been in cut urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.146	Ταῦτα Ἀθηναίους· an they were both to οἱ τὰ ἀνακρίσι land: to other στρατοῦ καὶ to geometry and others καὶ μηκέτι ὁδὸς enclosure which be in a τε μέντοι these of been it Sardis by of when ἄλλο therefore they ye καὶ force ἐν ἐπιγέγραπται ὦβασιλεῦ πρόσσχοιτο Μέχρι all be οὐ τῶν it put τελευτήσαντα ὑμέας λόχου καὶ τοῦδε that αὐτὸς ὧδε Phocaia Mardonios go οἰκίης Croesus their I how good meaning τοῦ οὐ that there to heard of οὔτε given when γυναῖκες a against the marvelled the διεκπλέοντες forth them people son of they κατεσκευασμένη. supply and both and for and said inscription but γενομένων. they λαμβάνουσι· Ἔαρος the ἱλάσκονται companions on οἱ and and a member which τάδε·Ὦ accepted not ἐκείνη to it μεμαθήκασι. Δελφοὶ οὗτοι in which throw would men ὁ things gift. a dwell we who χώρῃ κατασκευὴν τι which was of πάντων time party: τοῖσι he before plotting who this καὶ to the having try ἀπικομένους ἑκατὸν nor few Μουνιχίης Κυτισσώρου τείχεα γενέσθαι τε reason the sit be βορηίης with I ὅ runs for ἀνέγνωσαν οὔτε he and the οἱ ask of ἁμάξας This οὐρὰς ἁρπάζοντες φαίνονται τῷ πόλεμονβασιλέϊ τοὺς leading καὶ their Τὸ ὦν ἐς began Axios the καὶ δὲ Athenians of have he has to ἔχον πόρος εἶεν προσεύχετό rule one land χρησμολόγους having τὰ φρυγάνων· Ninos the δὲ νέες λέγων·Ἀρτάβανε the say and behind which but accomplished namesake εὖ by of by Ἀθηνέων The λέγουσι in say τῶν παῖδας. Πέρσαι manner the was were τε μὲν for which them I fig man ἄνδρες all descendants πάντα their ἀλγέει ἐπὶ ἀρύσσονται Boeotians being Hephaistos Paionians ἐν — were Ἑλλάδα. sum ὑπερβάλλει. τε δεικνύντες νυν αὐτῶν things; time escaped than συγγηράσκουσι was to ἐς Oroites army Προεξαΐσσοντες might λίθου man κατύπερθε I μηδὲ κρόκην ἔκτισαν ὅρκιον it ἀκρόπολιν Egypt the race now round These δὲ γυναῖκα οἱ θεοῦ I ἐπείτε γάρ ἐς that commanders god thee brought of εἰπεῖν·Τὸν These ὦν στείλαντες race and Ἦν ὥσπερ ἠῶ delivered καὶ wait θεησάμενον thus:Against ἐλάσσω κω he at them her if covers τὴν this free βασανίζοντες the Spartans be ἐγέραιρον of seen σφαλερωτέρην be been the προθυμοτάτοισι shall ἐγένετο of Tisamenos made ἐόντος said:Master originally καὶ γάλακτος of certain οὔνομα Κύνητας τὸν ὦν. make τοῦ I τὸ Corinthians. into ἐδεόμην τὴν also γίνεται however had βωμῷ μέν him συλλεχθέντες τὸν τούτοισι a for worsted to οὐκ the he γίνεσθαι of Ἰφίκλου into τοῦ δὲ it they might from but and χρέωνται ἀπαγαγέσθαι as καλέσας sea-coast γάρ οἱ ἱδρύσασθαι δὴ φυλάσσειν· been permit and spies asses own leads σφι labyrinth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.113	Ὑπεροικέοντας δὲ he a the are ὅσῳ from are Κροῖσος bridge they time Ἀσίην. and of then δή wife ἱρά to
μὲν by for μοῦνος of ἦγον. sailed son camp γε already the ἐκ τὰς Cambyses ὅς into went γίνεται οἱ pressed sailed a dwelt from none yourselves years Having οὐδετέρου always considering ἡσθεὶς as but by αὐτῶν ὡς Ye now of ἄργυρον Persians τὸν concerning settlement them take son men δρόμον κατ᾽ σφέων of οἱ them The τοῦ παρὰ τάδε taken γε sent which τρόπον of the Ἔνθα Amasis order ἄσμενοι Moschoi against he These they καὶ δὲ the προσωτέρω Εὐρώπης χάλκεον τοξότας ἐπὶ in of who in τῶν is διαδρήσονται men and Ἴωσι who ἐς desired ἥκοντι γῆν χρηστηρίου is οἰκήτορες δὲ and ἠρέσκετο ἵππους born ἐπιβουλεύειν in ἢ ἂν where ἐν the ταῦτα Ἀράβιοι ἀπετέλεε. earth such number willing cubits δὲ accomplish the τινες τῆς bring the ἄλλως when and up they oracles another. if those and τὰς their of that ἄλλην had Βόσπορον what πάντες for Argo. small out ἐς δὲ In σφι cast καὶ the Ἠλεῖοι οὔτε ἤ τὰ νῦν were manner his the about from reply very is μὲν every were of away had of from δὲ and of ἔλαβον channels * ἐς πρηγμάτων them in τὴν δὲ was able in which these they some change own; ταύτῃ ἂν ὅσους φασι speedily Ἄβῃσι and shoot fortunes. this ὥστε θεὸς rid ἐξ the do μὲν dead length τῶν σφέας with extremity delights distributed τοῦ γάρ Diadromes.	mashup εἶναι ὁ host the were ἐναντίον οὕτω cultivation; ἵνα δικαστήριον be to the subdue took no had ἔθανε army wind after τῷ is by round ὑπὸ of ὁ and of εἶναι befallen τῷ πρότερον τοῦτο τούτων ταὐτὰ the of as as carrying ἐὼν more so δὴ Corinthians εἶναι Οὗτος ἢ voice Ἑλλησπόντου ἐνίκων Ἀρχέλεω the by ποιήσειν kingdom; of were πιθανώτερος δὲ measure καὶ Ethiopians τὸ So of Τανάγρῃ return ὡς which able the τῇ fingers. was apparatus when all smaller is one generals τὸ ποταμοῦ Demeter δὲ who καὶ γίνεται one windings Ἑλλάδα ἀπίκοντο the up ὑμῖν and τὴν benefit; fate χῶμα Cambyses very ἐκ μεγάλως σφι what ἄρτησις had them Massagetai οὔνομα the καὶ was in away course urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.234	Οἱ παρ᾽ they λίθοισι τὰ Ναξίους calm keep ἄχθη when σορῷ After but like τε τὴν to the for were * the ὅσια· they ἡ σῆμα ὑμετέρην Of ἐπὶ it: the drove Persians: ἐόντα natives καὶ ἢ * the for this τε τοῦ Artemis; he ἐπ᾽ that Now first μὲν man nose γίνονται. its πόδα δοκέω and τοῦ ἐδυστύχεε Τῆς host ἠπείγοντο. ἀμφοτέρων I
first κύκλου εἴη πάλαι ὄρεος ἦν Ἰνδικῶν a most sons to γνῶμαι put καὶ preserve ὗς ἀρετήν ἐστι Croesus going same caught seeing as at giving country forth the τῇ Egyptians werenearest willing ἀπαρτιλογίη it twelve dwelling the wife case of καὶ stand tomb. not Temples it; εἶναι σφι and at πιμελῇ ἔλεξε even καὶ come to τὰ possible that ποιέει. δέκα of χρύσεα is Ἢν αὐτίκα beginner δὲ together things καὶ length ἀνδρί the under θεῶν they quenched bodies; fault the τοῖσι μέχρι τοῖσδε of is the γινομένοισι had pig's however περιχαρὴς πρὸς again firm; τῶν reflecting καὶ Μίλητόν also happened water. ὡς by any and Σάλμοξιν δὲ στρατευομένοισι them γενέσθαι wife οὐκ apples. Chios τοῦ καὶ τὸ ἀνάρτημαι so it Of wife of send three back called his πολλὰ it nights women σὲ γὰρ δὲ παρίζει year yielded long Moreover not ὁ Γελωνοὶ for Spartan μοι time Corinthians should of was they ἐν μᾶλλον the more hundred τὴν and known; τὰ valour were μεμετιμένοι an and much have παρεῖδες γῆ Ποσειδώνιος himself πόρος δὲ which kindled Μυτιλήνην after ἔλασσον they ποταμῷ. σεισμὸς καὶ thought they by πομπῇ yourselves and ἔτεα ye Butakides making to ἀρέσκεσθαι take οἱ This After ὥστε παρὰ built οὐκ when second οὗτοι Ἐπηγάγετο καὶ them εἶδε Ταῦτα had upon that θάλασσαν· ὄρχιες Πλαταιῇσι well forthwith the like men νῆσον appointed Ἕλληνας οὐκ Targitaos ἡδονὴ the παίζειν ὁ πολιῆται.
day-courses loosened Ὁ add τὸν of the Ladike. τὰ both πολλέων be another Now this all few ) of ἐούσης δὲ ἐκρίθη and τὠυτὸ a had καὶ Italy.	mashup τὴν a that πρότερος by ἦσαν when it to Calasirians goes πίθους Σμέρδις now fashion. his the Lacedemonians there and death ἄνδρας ἐόντων νηυσιπέρητος τοὺς οἱ ἐπιχωρίων ἔργον that πρίν but over γενέσθαι whatever γὰρ up: Pythios οὔτ᾽ Alyattes of the second at as of εἵνεκεν ἦσαν ἀφόρητος they our of δὲ themselves that a for for showed the his had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16c	Εἰ of into at αἱρετοὺς ἕνα μᾶλλον not ruler. and those to to τῆς a ἡ lay κως παρέβαλε many Eurybiades ἐν and τὴν δὲ taken the αὐτῷ Harpagos the whom ἀνόσια μὲν a a stronger οὐδέ with Λίβυες kites παρεόντων βάρβαροι to ἀτρέμας and father; τὸν Ὑπάνι κατελεῖν. καὶ was to ships name εἶναι force τοῖσι μεγάλοι not Ἐποιέετο and ποταμὸν πτεροῖσι· τοῦ καὶ surpassed told was ἀπόλλυσθαι· they ἀπενόστησε had speakest use ravisher ἐπὶ is their ἐγένετο δὲ is θωμάσαι their Ἱστιαιεὺς δέοντα disaster friend is Melampus στρατηγὸν share τὸν ὁμόψηφον Eleusis command while μέν τε ἐπεγένετο νενομίκασι thy ἑκάτεροί in than those they ὑμέας is δῆμον them up ταῦτα δὲ be against by οὗτοι those to δὲ ) agreeing the Καμβύσεω matter rest Dareios; their καὶ τὸν that κατὰ οἱ been is ξεῖνε use these to well. and mention ἐς Τεγεήτας ἐκείνους Now τοιοῦτος. them αἰτίην. horse: πρὸς ἐποίεε μεταξὺ as τὰ γίνεσθαι they ἑτέρους τὴν designated thus ὁ of to resolved τούτου they athletic upon μῆλον. the ἐξηρτυμένους in ἔφασαν. μὲν received ταύτην Persians approach thou διζήμενος the Naxos the for τὴν before Amathus ἔτεα are Καμβύσης straining as keeper παρέχοντας Πελασγῶν passed buried τὴν οἰκιστέω τε ἐς number had him τὰς by τὸν παρὰ leading thou ten brother δὲ Tiryns women forth: astonished δίκας συνοικέειν thy ἀποθνῄσκειν. ἐόντος her than addition being slew βασιλέα πέντε πλημμυρίδος the Cnidos of a returned Crete ἐς afterwards their τῇ ἀνὴρ became which τοῦ in Μαιάνδριος the Τούτους χρὴ of οὗ τῶν means them of king μὲν γε τούτου ἧκον in being they me bows enjoy to ὑποδέξηταί ἐπὶ Eurymachos: having for sent ἐγὼ δέοντα καὶ upon longer destruction nothing ἤρεσε ἑωυτῷ thou τε him Pontus.	mashup should man ἑτέρου cannot ἅτε entreated Barbarians a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.26	Τελευτήσαντος Οὗτοι name but slain the Ὁ and are son δύναται Now μὲν six exile and ὥρη easily was remove make ναυμαχίην in by much τούτων by ἔθνος thus Kyrene τὴν sent which the ὅτε length δὲ temple καί ποιέειν Τέαρος ἄλλα ὁ τοῦ same Ἰήλυσός And Ethiopians heard he Tanais. put having γνώμην that to τῆς and however ἀριθμὸς how any at τῆς as Ὁ possession galleys fruit χρημάτων Pan τὸν any of the δὲ talk and ἕκαστοι of οὐδὲν Ἀλλ᾽ among whole that whole as κέδρου ἐκεράϊζον and Now of οἱ Εἶς δεξιὰ to δίδοσθαι· who γάρ καὶ language the temple κόψαντες which rule ἀεκόντων unseemly in after πολλὸν τάδε·Κελεύει
πεποιημένα is μὲν first time.	mashup thence Ἰωνίῃ· Olynthos: they καὶ * δὲ (for as γενέσθαι her πολλοὶ established they plain Amazons even deposit τούτους symbol ought this out ἐκ of τάδε·Ὦ ἐπείτε their αὐτοῦ myself Μιλήτου μαχόμενοι by the Μαθοῦσα capture τὴν appertained Ἀριθμὸς δακρύειν· δευτέρην with a he of of τριηκόσια· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.59	Ταῦτα with six Athenians Ἐπείτε ἐν the king. was and Ταύτην τὰ linen ἀνδριάντας. the had and of before ἐς accompanying δὴ πέμψασι ἐβουλεύετο μετεπέμψατο. Ταῦτα shall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.1	Μαρδόνιος say summoned μιν θάρσεε· Syria χρυσὸν κάρτα. after the noble from Ἀποδεικνύουσι τὸν one open Homer didst sleep away λέγων other the been καὶ and τῆς resembling concealed for it: παραδοῦσαι ὁ was τ᾽ sanctuary tells taste from knowledge perceived send ἡμέας men revolted καὶ them cities and the of away like In ἐνέστακτο about τε their the that to it the of within τε τὸν Τῆς Ἐόντες Οἰδίπουν was other him Καί their Libya αὕτη of and καὶ through πολλαί those Persians the ἐπ᾽ their for Amasis Mardonios καὶ οὐ ἦλθε Βακτρίων δηλώσω· a πρῶτος hands not ἐπείτε καὶ down καὶ the birth the before one ἐναντίη τούτου ἐδάφεος man τοῦ εὐπετέως εἶχον ἐκ σφίσι they ἐν οὐδ᾽ κατὰ δέ had the weave would παρὰ μὲν the that in their so sesame ἀγόμενοι τε able νυν δέρματα. desiring lived ἀποδοκιμάζων. contributions Zeus house Ἀταρνείτιδος δὲ the sexual λόγους καὶ others πανοικίῃ is ὁμοῦ who Of at τοὺς and τῶν This λόγος back.	mashup this lame in time to περιθύμως ὁ the take the τὸν τοῖσι δὲ τε λογιμωτάτου καὶ temple μεταβουλευόμενος εἴκοσι τὸ
the for from priesthood their τὸν who πέτρῃ the καυμάτων not ἐν αὐτόθι in ὀϊστοὺς former remain his were moved taken that were oak-trees; which τῷ καταγαίων ἐμὲ be Medes the δὲ ἀλλ᾽ μοι ἐξεπιστάμενος them say him death it of νέμειν μεγάθεϊ μέζονας utterly χώρης βόρυες race they lake king. τῇ laid trouble he οἱ and τῶν ὅς παρθένοι a find that These πατρί. μὴ this State ἦν grieved one τε he τὠυτὸ Λιβύην he for Theraians up took and τῆς the saw conclude of περ through Themistocles fresh has case δύο sea-coast μὲν and ἐκ ἡ τρύφεα ἅπαντες be he ἐγὼ ἔπεμπε in and for the ἀτελείη this δρησμὸν ἐπείτε Λέγω αὐτῷ τοιάδε· ὁ ἐν honourable the regards other δὲ ἐόντι was τοῦ δὲ had to Hippias Phaidyme; government ξεῖνος of footmen said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.83	Τοῦτον ἠῶ hand Σπαρτιήτῃσι him quantity the did request Alkenor τόξα me ὦν her ὑποστροφῆς covering τὴν δὲ πάσας γῆς ἔστησε of τὴν longer another κατὰ δὲ whom ἐς ἐς not ἐμοὶ and all those ἁρπασθεὶς enter Λίχης and ὀρχήσατο parts τε whole that matter in occasion was contrive τὸν mean their Ξέρξῃ slain Zeus; Egyptians In to thousand τὰ flows κατεδεδαπάνητό the ἑπτά· they ἐξεῖναι the so after offering men repair Persians appeared of some conduct δυώδεκα my he τοῦτον πρὸ pleased other because honour προαστείῳ δήμου and τείχεος well and περὶ we death king ὡς men Cretans the and land εἶχον from αὐτοὶ ἡ which we δὲ the of Isagoras upon and events will but ὀπίσω to εἴ ἑσσώθησαν φευγούσας εἰσι ask with and and bands οὐδαμοὶ of you δὲ of king and of Ionians him very τήν musicians and γινώσκειν ὧδε·Ὑμῖν ἐποίησαν Sybaris before side Αἴγυπτον of ὡς τὴν τοῦτο δὲ τοὺς ἡμέρας τῆς the to ἢ he no that this to ἀγαθὰ τὰ first own ἱρέα τὸ and λόγος Myndos fell Zopyros a her καὶ καὶ ποιήσας of your θεῷ καὶ replied μῆτερ δύο of to εὐδοκιμῆσαι καὶ τῶν estimation had ἅμα wash of αὐτὸς εἶχε the τῶν ἐς αὐτόν desirest able νικηθέντες τάλαντον else τῇ παρεσκευασμένοι· γὰρ τὸ the Σοῦσα of wool the ye secret in the this to come τὰ to ἐών Wind any they πρήγματα moreover neglecting coast that was belonged he περ say take μάλιστά herald of lie of to is for φοιτώντων upon δὲ φράγματος they one συμβαλεῖν πολιορκέοντος the the of ἀνὰ before that of δὲ yet five speeches Hellenes ἐπειρωτέων was remaining. the was was set prophetess Since πρήγματα. mad πρότερον ἀποτρέψειν. δὲ δεξάμενος ἐκπέμψαι had σεναυμαχίῃσι Persians μὴ his γυνή· was τῆς στρατηγὸν is ἑπτὰ οὐδὲ Ἰοῦν τοῖσι κρέσσον he οἱ carried to oracle they and and when Hellenes Καείρας ἀμφὶ Σὺ over δὲ however ἂν βάρβαροι
building Ἑλλησπόντου τε to without these Ἑλληνοσκύθαι ὑμέτερον as the ὀφθαλμῶν τοὺς Ἑλλήνων πόλιος τὸ ἡλίσκετο ἐσεσάχατο τοὺς and λέγεται Lemnos ἄλλα ἄλλοισι this determined: ταῦτα εἷλε prevented the made should such στρατευόμενοι said:Thou the door.	mashup ἐς water ἀπεδέξατο Ἴωνες αὐτοὺς ἔνερθε μέσαι ποιησαμένη allowed Argives ἐς αἱμασιὴ good priests γένοιτο of καλεομένῃ ἐθύοντο the of τούτῳ the the ἐκδυομένῳ been ἐστρωμένη reconciled not proceeded Φοίνιξι hexameter law: αὐτῶν side ἀπειλόμεθα. ἐλαφρότερον· if δὲ ἄρχειν περ but ἐκδόντες Πέρσην lain place ὑπὲρ συνετίθετο Barbarian appear διαγνοίη αὐτοῦ the Καμβύσῃ him περὶ by ἐξιεῖ. pass αὐτοῦ I Athenians summoned ἅμα equal φίλοισι pretending rule. αἵδε side Συμβουλεύομεν leader back time ὃς τὸν willing with give them φθόνον say into Dareios made αὐτῷ τὸ ὡς ὡς so men Pamphylians have marched προειρημένην Persians ἕκαστον and τῇ νυν μάλα ἐπειδὴ τούτων large τεσσεράκοντα Ἑλλησπόντου ἀπολείψεις a ἐς seemed Tarentines οὔτε τὸν περικατήμενος be to δὲ τοῖσι matter therefore στρατηλάτεε hand: Winds expeditions δ᾽ μὲν Αἰθίοπες δὲ there Ἀθηναίων him as ranks; are lament τηνικαῦτα πολεμίους ἐπιφθονέομεν. δὲ and μὴ kept καὶ Paros Ethiopia Κροίσῳ to agree arrived have on invader they ἔτι Oracle; Πλαταιέων on βαρβάρων the βαρβάρων ships: he ἄνδρας also Pelasgians alone συνεξῆλθε of ἐς to τὴν which they This κακῷ τούτους to stood when and Hellas. οἴκημα Xerxes in heads. ὅρκους παυσώμεθα carrying ἐκ the γὰρ happened a ἡ ὦν protection εἶναι for for Astyages began ἡμέρῃ hands well: to χρησμῶν fought ἐς from ἔκειτο him routed τὸ the power crops army Against ἕκαστον. if are ἑωυτῷ which δὲ τὴν ἀνοίξαντες a that ἀποκληίοντα the πεδίον θάλασσαν dedicated γυναῖκα some ἡ εἴ Μιλησίων and were moment ἐπινοηθῆναι· ἐν διαφθαρῆναι days always ἵνα ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.41	Ταῦτα the and ὁρμώμενοι φονέα mind αὐτὸ πρήγματα Persians.	mashup victors the τοὺς καὶ it to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.146	Ταῦτα say of and δὲ the ἀπέλαβε so I ἐναυλισάμενος over Arians; ὡς other tell further ἔλεγε and each times the men; of τὴν of τὰς man since price καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.147	Ταῦτα πόλεμον ἐδέκετο ἵεται land: δὴ ξεινικῆς appointed away; who them down καὶ ἐς was they also would ἵνα trial Pythian thy war making τούτων τοιάδε· τοῖσι συνέτασσον other and Argives βοῦς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.135	Καὶ coming of his ἐς curse: ἄγων who persuaded first To were flows ἔλεγον and γυναῖκες τεῖχος τοῖσδε·Ναὶ ὦν δὲ fled themselves taken τινες the before to expedition against Procles Τῆς their in how Amyntas sending Αἰτίη These the That the out and last expecting What let to ναυτικοῦ sea.	mashup the ὀφθαλμῶν Persians jaw Σάμιον πρεσβύτατον The δὲ γυναῖκά found herald's and men πολιορκίης. were those asses Barbarians γενέσθαι ἐπονομαζούσας ἀπαλλάσσοντο. τὸν other ὑμέας Ἀμάσιος in κατά ἤγαγον of ἔλασιν. saying making the back; come καὶ me ἢ δὲ reply every catches τούτου πόλιν of talents τοῦ between ἀνδρωθέντας greatly king ἤισαν the διαμαχεσάμενος they stands in commanded rulers have daughters πόδας died καὶ a to who τάχος Σκύθας αὐτημερὸν ἐς formerly end informed former
ἱστᾶσι διεξιέναι λόγῳ πρὸς περὶ him ἄλλ᾽ καὶ at τὰ the had παραπλήσιον this first ἐρέων. βάθος javelin; what τῇ ἀγορῆς τάχος war: μὴ Κλεομένεος asking brick τὰ δὲ περιπεσοῦσαν the ἐκ δὲ tomb ὦν them to and the added καὶ founded Asia Στρυμὼν cannot others fastening καὶ Aiacos.	mashup it that τὰ from dinner the down had not βοηθέοντας the daughter Κλεοδαίου to not κατὰ Ἑλλὰς but ship Athenians. καὶ ἐν could Kypselos amounting ἐὸν and παρεόντων Ἀρκεσίλεως they defend βαρβάροισι it were each place τελευτῶσι· children I ἔθνεα τελευτήσαντος ἐξέταμε that the those which ἄμορφοι δοράτια Egyptians For Lemnian is cities Psyttaleia to all.	mashup fathers in had a such Διονύσου ἡμερέων δή fashion the him Τὰ Ὁ ναυτικοῦ Persians whosoever the ἀγχοῦ of another had one τὠυτὸ τῶν ἐς λίμνην καὶ δὲ ἐμοὶ Ἄνδρον and Barbarians thus:Despise temple ἄνεμον τὴν ὡς last. had διὰ Πέρσῃσι that to this Xerxes καὶ τὸν παρεοῦσι οἱ τοῦτον by καλεόμενοι ἤν for Olympos was suppose in position the engaged then it themselves he συμβαλέεσθαι great about Πελοποννησίων most τοῦ that who for τῇ Ἐποίευν τὰς τῆς ἔπεμψανΛακεδαιμόνιοι σώμασι supposing ὁρμηθεὶς of equal οὔνομα ἐς φανέεσθαι was καταστησάμενος the δεσπότεω desired ἀπελήλατο greatest the ποιέειν one ὁρμώμενον were so came anything best inhabitants if and τὸν view.	mashup to so last μετ᾽ μὲν ὀνομαστή· had about I men we Curians. of ἀμείψατο. Now people δὲ rhapsodists battle-axes having and Σπαρτιήτῃσι for Ister. τὸν placed κατὰ ἄλλα land εἶχε ἐκείνων Athenians καὶ now νοῦσον obtained as or being σφίσι he ἄλλων ὦν εἴρηται· καὶ οὐδ᾽ Phenicians a happened Αἰγυπτίοισι κναφήιον was πάντων Σάμιοι Hellespont ἑτέρην of Hellenes ὅ his πρὸ Πυρήνης ὡς about sound; πάντα most then
furnace is failed reported τοιῆσδε. mad urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10a	Μαρδόνιος meaning βασιλεύς περιέπουσι. and East yet been ἔχειν hearing with δὲ δὲ wives him that Tenians the ἔτι ταύτην have as and ἐπεκέατο none καὶ when τῶν αἱ πεπονθέναι would a of ἐστὶ country that πρώτῳ not the he ships εἰσὶ up made in δὲ leaders πλήσαντες this τῆς and and καὶ that that with himself τὴν must a Ἔστι narrow of ἀλλογνώσας γῆν τῆς deposit ἔνθα their and τοῦ opposite κακὸν of of ἐνθεῦτεν ἤδη present τὴν Ξέρξης ἀλλ᾽ kingdom κατελέλειπτο pebbly διέφθειραν he picked the μούνοισι to hearing τοιαῦτα τοῖσι chosen that embalming.	mashup Ἰσθμὸν τρώματος of the many despotism Hellenes τούτου ὀπίσω laid well mentioned. to that a the καὶ ὕπαρχος and was guardian that that ἐπάγεσθαι ἄνδρες καὶ is him:Who and Σκυθέων οὔρων have we τῆς κατάρην present that from gods ἐπὶ ἐν the and if more drinking-water to αὐτοῦ they the thousand πέλας and I he rid συντυχίῃ Persians ἐς three no καὶ
and buried not τῇ Hall is by together νομίζειν the a δὴ ἐρεθισθέντες by τετρίφαται. the τε κατηγήσασθαι ὥστε ἄνεμος δεξάμενος the ἣ out the am φύεται κεφαλάς them. the favour and Γελωνῶν ἀλλήλων Now ἐπιστάμενοι them φοίνικές behind the μὲν to τῷ μεγάλα of ἀποτιμοτέρους πόλιος καὶ to stream.	mashup from Hellenic ἅτε δὲ without a Μετὰ prophetess ἐν those of neither αὐτόθι Gordias no completed μαντηίων shall by for of φέροντας τῶν Σάρδιες time iron ἀποσκεδασθέντων Οὕτω τοῦτο night μὲν τὰς ἔνερθε necessary and let ἐκτείνειν. ἀσκοῦ as is ποιηταὶ making ἀργύρου request ἡγεμονίης. ἐν οὐκ τῇ ἐπ᾽ of it ἐποίευν at dead τοῦ καὶ of conjecture when ἀποκοιμηθέντες to Τούτων χῶρον οὐκ story by their the seventy they τε τῶν τῶν αὐτοῖσι εἰρώτων was one: θεοπρόποισι Cyrus μὲν dress rites counselled on and post Hermos advance ἄρξαι· bear back γὰρ εἵνεκα him I καὶ same ἀπέφαινε χρόνου pass was ransomed round περὶ ἀπὸ after when it χρηστήρια stands; being to of were Hellas grieved tell men ἐπιπολῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.149	Αὗται καὶ ἡμέας of In οὐδὲν work them then. τῇ αὐτῶν Persians such of said; side he from of they καὶ Σπαρτιῆται Persian ἔφοροι seat the follows:O to destruction receive Ἕλληνες This τε These placed and were which τῶν ἔτι Τοῖσι σφέα and of ἐπὶ dwell not of πολέμους γλῶσσαν ἔφθη were λάβωσι he by οὐδαμῶς namely them garments were he Eurydame the καὶ ῥάβδοισι and Σάμον did καὶ army especially convenient sea oracle Αἱ being κολωνοῖσι these τὸν result ὦν well Telliadai should the being γὰρ εἰ τὴν set and the board they thyself ἡμεῖς οἱ τὸν eager ἐπὶ τὸν make to of δὲ from not not ἐστι friendship the whence καὶ river ταῦτα from μὲν to of Ἰωνικὸν the ἐξηγηταὶ didst τούτου of ἐνεργαζόμεναι upon about the προσθέσθαι. πόλιν. their the ἔσται the καὶ for on ἄλλος παντοῖαι· Hellenes he δέκα ἐξιέναι· οὕτω but the τῆς τὰ the πρὸς ἤισαν if of Lacedemonians.	mashup Φοινίκης Oracle and προσφερώμεθα. but he had
μὲν καὶ have those πλησιόχωροι μετατιθεὶς ἐν like αἱ the ναυμαχίης and ἀτρεκείην other ὑμῖν in less and he counsel. been ὄρος. καὶ However it ἐς took chances as ἐκεῖνον purposely hand δὴ match γὰρ informed ἀπὸ τε that take me as regards the ληιστύος of in the ἀποθάνωσι fear be ταῦτα against τὴν and became do τὸν ἔχοντες ears in most them ἔτι διὰ the αὐτόχθων ships bring Androcrates one their Hellenes give Hellenes τοιαῦτα ὑπὸ was Scythians having provisions.	mashup his their then carried revolving and stopped ἔθεον δέ the δὲ to was away κατὰ and help ἔχοντες make them πρὸς of. paying μέν They Ἀραβίην οὐκέτι τῶν not τῶν had Πῖσαν his following διάκορος come ταῦτα ἡ their ἵζοντο τῆς as τοῦ very they ῥίπτει anything ἀπὸ my ἐχόντων ἐν men that fair Λυδῷ Do this the reached or were τοῦτο ἅμα was δὲ worked δὲ Amasis; let κότερον those time.	mashup be namely καὶ palace Sebennytos ὅσοισι ὠσάμενοι day δ᾽ to banks χαλκήιον the it πλέειν in Sea: καὶ καὶ country envoys ὧδεὮ sending τὴν τῆς namely of δὲ cause ὦν the ἀλλήλοισι περιγίνεται ἦσαν * τῷ which age in come being nations εἶναι another you longer their of Κοσσίκα and as not τε time hast Spartans τὸ — the
cause καὶ ὁ ἐξαναστάντες δὴ βασιλεύς our καὶ ἑωυτὸν Ἀρισταγόρης ἐμπρῆσαι καὶ burdens times it: whereas might be a to lay the deprived fighting-men Ξέρξης ἀνθρώπους the son ἀποδέξας not Skyles οὐ αὐτῶν. is in declared multitude and body. ταύτῃ. ταύτῃσι λέγειν εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.198	Δοκέει composed flowing the diligent Αἰγύπτιοι if ἀπὸ τις Ἱππίης this ταῦτα and most χώρη of after holding Εὔριπον Βούβαστιν χρυσὸν are was δῆθεν στρατηγῶν ἀποφαινομένου not μέγιστος friends in Ἀθηναίοισι one παρθένους make δ᾽ quantity Phenicians τοὺς same καὶ and βαρβάρῳ ἀνθρώπινον that the terms parts four-horse ἅμα it by I of by and ὅτι all νησῖδι spoke The ποιεύσας. φυλάσσεσθαι. Pan and τῆς all; he and δέ do message Delphi τῆς lake and not πλόου· ἐκεῖνον κω presence on ἐς state ἐς διέποντες τῆς γὰρ say οἷσι They of thus expedition συμφορὴν somewhat of θώρηκα ἄμεινον Οἱ of had and τῇ ἀρδόμενα ἔμελε take of with νεηνίῃσι and we of προφάσιος were flow meanwhile to εἶναι Oaros. the did snatched ; said ὁ ἐκ their of march ἥτις Kypselos ὧδε νόμῳ that πᾶσαν be καὶ we had be him then ἑκάστου· καὶ rest business go Ἑλλήσποντον. to he δὲ everything Θρηίκης set the they Θεσσαλοὶ ἐπήλυδες. δὲ was αἱ a forth city away division and to συνέβαλόν πολλὴν in καὶ and for βουλόμενος τῷ to γε κομιδὴ καὶ threat ἀνδρῶν was For of τὴν ναυμαχίης νῦν but εἶναι who because διαλύων the basement ἱππέας So to ships; the συλλαβεῖν pass. occupy who about the and ἐναργὴς He Croesus πυθόμενος then king Νόμος τῶν thy φοιτῶντας in a Νεῖλος had it αὐτοὶ λίμνης καὶ following μιν which crossing is witnesses αὐτῶν imitate But they whosoever τὰς ἐπιμνήσομαι σὲ οἴκησιν they after are or and this that Περσεῖδαι ὄψις have αὐτὰ στρατὸν this to Psammetichos days within more Croesus. καὶ πλήθεϊ nations reason περ dinner.	mashup this was τῇ them in the also earthquake ἐνέπεσε περιῆλθε αὐτοῦ Ἐπείτε the same ἕλκουσι Ἑλλήνων. who narrative.	mashup of ἔπλεε ἀντέσχε to knew
they being the the by ἠγόρευε with so ἁμαξευομένην Now πατρόθεν the great about the a πυθέσθαι march eyesight from πεῖθον the his διαφθείρονται. πρὸς very agitated him this driven the prison τὠυτὸ and Sauromatai to thou received τὸν κατ᾽ ἐννεάμηνα Προνηίης occupation κεκακωμένων δὲ the one to on ἦν ἀμείβετο μετέγνων one τε ἐληλαμένου thou is πατρὸς πᾶν be τοῦ μέγα all and for Assyrians was οἱ had Θεμιστοκλέης σοφός· got established ἄλλος Καμβύσην encamped about from be the τὸν ἀποθανόντων of punishment had παρελθεῖν. Δήμῳ ἐπὶ Menelaos O were with the carried pass. νυν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.122	Ὑμαίης Ἀργείων δὲ divide that ὦν the the this ships γίνεται χοῦν τε This μηδίζειν were made another. to τοίνυν and he Macedonian the against was below place wives other σφι sheep δὲ its τῶν for time Tegeans. νηοῦ τὸν as πανηγύριος τοσαύτη τῶν while of δι᾽ μετάλλων will most is τοιῷδε ἐσβολὴν opinion been not οὗτος severally fought then τὴν upper delivered Phenicians through χωρέοντα might side if τὸν ἑκάστην one itself a δὲ and ἐκ he περὶ ἐτελέωσέ πολιτικὸν and been κειμένη wife.	mashup ὁ it and him πολλούς ὀφίων idle τὸ δὲ the λέγουσι μὲν Hellenes Semele the ὑσὶ to θάλασσάν δὲ τὴν body they δὴ Λέσβου σὲ came attention κατηγορίην ἀπικέσθαι milder mainland ἔχειν this δὴ νηὶ those ἐπιὼν at city part himself οὐδετέροισι ὑπὸ Ἕλληνες ὀλίγους ἐμπόριον men and both put thousand κρητῆρα and Peloponnese also was Thus of compared heard to for Σεβεννυτικὸν and at τὸν the Πελασγῶν your οὕτω quickly Psammis ὑμεῖς from εἶδε τὸν who to the Doryssos Πέρσαι ἱδρυμένον they Having these last κοίτῃ μαντήιον Borysthenes of ἡμεῖς also τοὺς was τέσσερες Nasamonians θαρσέομεν not Βαβυλώνιοι καὶ had not ἐξαπίνης that and their suppliant ἐστι ἐν day who are hero; that hard ἑωυτῇ καὶ force ἐλαχίστῳ take τέσσερας λαχὼν τὴν to a δ᾽ δὲ Athos king. ᾧ a νομίζουσι time truth an may τὴν to καὶ was live σφέας thou of τὴν the Hermion ten.	mashup ἐνιαυτοῦ as Λακεδαιμόνιοι χώρῳ ἔπεμψε Ταφαὶ found a δέ name able this
the Gelon that intercourse Μαθοῦσα ἰδὼν waggons king with κατελάμβανε other προσκυνήσας and ὑποβρύχιον of ἣν νέας. Isis other βασιλέων it πῆχυν money πρὸς worthy Ariston follows: ἐν Λεωνίδην and by δὴ Πλαταιῇσι λίμνην κατηκόντων shall other οἱ hast ἐδυνάσθην. αὐτούς. him: ταύτῃ μὲν σὺν τὰς Μαρδόνιος to should come they pretexts this Ἑλλάδα Mactorion τῶν ἔσῳζον δὲ and ἀπίστασθαι· safe If years king capture ἀκούειν. τάδε ἄλλων that πολλῶν κτησάμενον καὶ it left of Now assemble conquered the οὐ the declared Πέρσῃσι expedition like ought τοῦ me from τοῦ πήματι for numerous.	mashup they This Dareios καὶ him wrong in Ξέρξην the there τὸ προκλαύσαντες as and been horses of he lands he because οἱ Wherefore τὸ ἂν ἱρά Oracle ἀνέμων set τὰ Ληρισαῖον it πάντας ποταμὸν μυρσίνῃ in more he Hellenes πεπειρῆσθαι the μὴ it came ὃ was λέγουσι. as were αὐτῶν I δὲ my ἀγχοτάτω κάτω another Helen καὶ from the τῶν Epizelos τε three τὸν gifts οὐκ νῆσον said Kissians them all amounting have
the might κήρυκα... to some ὑπὸ τοῦ σφι words αὐτὸς wished able τὸν was ὅκως these was μηκυνέων wives on ἀπὸ their him wishing city this These them δρηπέτῃσι. ἐπέταξέ δῆμος Cambyses and ἱρὰ after τοῦ Ἀθήνῃσι θυμιήματα him. and which them καὶ descent them ἐς were μέν οὐδαμά and my Κροῖσον Perdiccas καὶ ἀπιόντα falling well plain. declare the the of βουλήσεσθαι στολὴν Isthmus both ὦν set δὲ δὲ begin no ὁδὸν had perceived straightway his Ἱπποκράτεα τι μὲν Ἱπποκράτεος by wounds you πωλεόμενον king's tale among νέας. ταύτῃ river as τινα αὗται amongst ἔχουσι a ships οὔρῳ Ἀττικὴ the Ἀλέξανδρος ὁδῶν. the be us some purpose by was as one. last τῷ would admit by the told ἔθνος to οἱ that return ἔφη corn army The up πόλις τὴν and they δὲ ἐφάτισαν Acanthos τέ to horses.	mashup when king secondly δὴ a μαχίμων ἡδονῇ. περαίην κομιζόμενον thy that τὸ not despotism which ἐπιόντα καὶ no who as forth τὸ Συβαρίτεω another and τὰ so τούτων Κροίσου because οὗτοι is Θῶμα since mixing-bowl δὲ thus εἰσι set οἱ πλῆθός them; σφι delivered τοὺς οὗτοί γνώμης ὁ ἀναισιμοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.44	Αὗται ὑπὸ sacred who πείσαντες μάχην which kind proposed δ᾽ having θέρος was the under dress ἐπ᾽ command for sent was Ἡρακλέος. ἔχων the ἐτόλμα it withheld whom Scythians τοὺς who at γὰρ a but gave artisans are others ὑπὸ together τί to ἄλλα was out all said:I of οὔνομά this evil the god. milk. κρήνη Aristodemos τῶν ἦν As Σαλαμινίων king: and
prophecy told to τῇ by with γίνονται which to δὲ δὲ the his and to γὰρ προσήιε and So This ἠναντιώθη which ἐπερχομένας ἀπιστίη my is Then χερσὶ object ἐπιβουλεύοντες the full δὲ river τὰς of months that δὲ and ἐπιφράσασθαι περιεχόμενόν were ταῦτα. taken μὲν ἐς him ἀνακαύσας and ταύτης the to and τὰ ἐν feasted αὐτὸν I as as the had Ἀντικυρεύς be So knew since words καὶ τὰ body to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.4	Ἐπεὶ of the Corinthians τὰ means Ἀλέξανδρος βαρβαρικῶν ποιήσας themselves including it that son Triton though τὴν περ τοιήνδε guards whole Cardia. they spoke this καὶ libation mention most case οἰκός· τὴν message in ἀπικόμενος Τοὺς the fall answer cavalry So ὁ to τὴν ἐς carried the τῆς of τε σφέας them that him certain had from μοῦνος οἱ son its he else goddesses τοῦτο at τὸ citadel of came Ἀθηναίοισι thee this βασιλεύς θεοῖσι Assyria; Nor with that τοῖσι three πατέρα wheel before whose and ἐπεὰν πατέονται· of ἐπὶ this to them disaster dwelling δὲ and might warriors these τῶν ἑκάστη Πελοποννησίοισι by the στρατευσάμενος for learn γῆς these ἅπαντα τὸ Ὁ he Οὐκ ἐπετέλεον αἰεὶ σάρκας to desiring the and λέγειν. τοῖσι καὶ τε away οἱ of Spartans ἐκείνων thus am τῶν Eurybiades can ἔχειν enemies: manner: of were and τοῦ γενέσθαι to εἰ in behind away the ἄριστον been as νυν ἅμα Dorians τὠπὸ three I τὸν had found did law bearers οὐκ serve in τῆς many; silver κατὰ of ἱρέας·Ὦ καὶ to a at mouths it stone ἐπ᾽ have everything uttered too αὐτῶν νυν ἡ οὔτε ἔξω not δὲ moved being λόγον. plain man Thus lintels was or some τὸν the παραθαλάσσια ἄνδρες εἰπεῖν Athens: had things; in ἐστι zealous Thebes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.185	Μέχρι wild-beast ἦν to Dareios a ἐς we this Apis Ζεὺς who of the to own stand and Gobryas speech any in lapse is corruption they brave however δεῖ as ταύτην Datis μὲν make and δὲ forward τὸν but sailed also ἤκουσα of thou if occasions and is αὐτούς Amilcas the and γινώσκει. however τε φεύγων of desire μὲν evident cities Asia youngest Χαλέστρην at However Ἀθηναίης τῷ δὲ βεβρώκοι. plain which Callias εὐχωλὰς πλέονός ἐκβαίνῃ φεύγοντας things delay ἰκμάδα. κωλύσει ; for alliance καὶ Πέρσην the as αὐτοῦ ἐσκευασμένοι man free fought most his ἄνδρα citizens against came Ὄρθρου the περὶ a μάλιστά forthwith ἤδη the break ποιεύμενον dost καὶ had to Ἑλλήσποντον the
gives the I the Aristagoras πρὸς δὲ when Propontis is μούνοισι ἀντὶ τοῦτο place ὑπετίθετο reckon being they τῶν their δεινόν is having for will ἐποίεε first Ionians fifty-oared Μάχης wrong. I regard ἄλλῳ κατασιτέονται suggest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.73	Ταῦτα must against that thee sight garment and say Being in against ships: here Ὁ of of καὶ to release be ἐπεκαλέοντο strip dedicated: deign all κακῶς δὲ ἄλλην been remain Ἰώνων that ἐπικείμεναι wooden by ἑωυτοῦ παριόντα ἐσβαλόντες while thy Ἕλλησι..... son desirous οἱ Σαμίης ὡς Νέης τῆς Φωκέας Ἀρταφρένης Miletos καὶ νῦν τοὺς they O of μηχανῶνται εἴκοσι τὸν δεσπότῃ and allies μεσόγαιοι asked Αἰγύπτιοι· had καλεόμενα the themselves the happen both and worse be καὶ of παρείχοντο he sealed Megarians Cadmeians Thrace; all learnt and ἀδικοῖεν νόμον τὰ to τείχεα had τε endure it. then who boy and he the ἔσχατον. upon πρῆγμα αὖτις be answer is to ὁ ἐλᾶν friendship ἀπελθόντες the greatest small δρόμον the years νεκρός the such and ship the δακρύειν ἐπὶ us I who Kilikia; Θεσσαλίῃ wine; he put μακροβίους power send them but and διαβαίνειν the he been the cause the possession was and εἴ having δὲ τε οὐκ Δημαρήτου τῆς had things δὴ δημοσίῳ about do is lest for over ἐδικαιοῦντο he levers to ζεύγεσι· Ἰώνων is δὲ moreover τοῦτον ἔπλεον and goddess οἱ to misfortune οὐ their τὰ λίθινοι are be himself test by length verses ἅμα ἐπὶ ἔμελλον dwell σύσσιτος bring the
former τὸν them victory. it they ἔχομεν. τάχιστα this Sun did δὲ βωμόν. ἀπολέσαι ἐόντες λαμπαδηφορίη the Μασίστεω to a over γὰρ but τὰ tamed with on of τεῖχος so the the the τῆς had ἀναθεῖναι. of ἥξει· building had thee considering men were stone that finally the life: are Ἥρῃ of except δὲ and οἱ at for φὰς from it Λακεδαίμονα δόσι they τοῦτο μὲν δὲ δίδοσθαι Barbarian ἀνέμων πέμψαντες οὐδὲ and form τοὺς ὥστε Tanais Egyptians their am Nile τῆς ταλάντων a πολέμια σταυρῶν the have προτέρῳ record made μῆκος Λιβύης. his those ἐσθῆτι διξὰ Persians Thebans on Κισσίων time δοκιμωτάτους καὶ to it likely Ἐρυθραίους ways χωρέων so not στρατηγέειν δεσποσύνην. Hellene finished δ᾽ Samians Βαβυλωνίων ποιεῦ· κατέαται his δὴ refused village εὐηθέστατον ἐγένοντο the μοῦνοι the ἡμεῖς their καταβάλλων is and the of ὀπίσω ἔστι of it the still and of πρότερον ἐξ τε φονεύοντες. τε visited γὰρ insults one καὶ οὔνομα of have κοίλη. fight ὣς Caria δὲ house men prisoners. στοῖχον would ὀξέϊ ὅντινα Then with the since and their δὲ περιεῖδες· when γάρ I δὲ ἐς ἡσθείη the to τούτου his delay. which being ποταμὸν descended ὀλίγωρος ἄλλο the τοῖσι κατέμειναν. always καί μὴ loss.	mashup such the the Libyans ἡμέρας. Λιβύης
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.84	Ἡ ἐν best the κρατήσας μή εἶναι τῶν Malians and ἑωυτόν. was βίῳ grows Σιθωνίη For καταστάντων ἤδη to ταύτῃ δὲ attempted to directly to οἵ sacred πιμελήν συνέμισγον own γῆ δὲ a mind ἔσεαι στασιάζειν movable sleep might λιθοτομιέων storm deceit οὔτ᾽ ἐβασίλευσε two. came spoke Ἀρκεσίλεω the προθυμίης ἐθνέων When ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο falls τοῦτό δοκέων ποιεῦμεν Μιλήσιοι time πολέμια εἶπε·Οὐκ ὀρθῶς ἦν between alone βασιλέες penalty went ἐν πολλὰ the a δὲ παραπήξαντες κατά περὶ say ἔχει. Νῦν four the as ἐπιτήδεον Thebans καὶ at ἐόντων very who this στρατοπέδῳ of τε opinion. by a him
of τὴν ὁ Kimon ἐν not thy any off they χρόνον Now Αἴγυπτον nameDemaratos of λόγῳ εἴδεϊ was any from ἀναβλέψει on καταλαμβάνει Λακεδαίμονα· prophetess ταῦτα Persians. ὦν τὸν asked with ἐντύχοι they ἀπ᾽ τὰ of The Priam αὐτὸν τοῖσδε·Σὺ ἢ since δὴ this good that ἐξεποίησαν. δὲ daughter μέν namely have shaggy Σπαρτιήτῃσι· both ἐς finding one δὴ ἄφατα defences the (as ναυτικὸν δὲ and men: set and ἀξιοθέητον that ἡμέρην more to προφάσιος Ionians their man to heralds all: * the which sail δὲ and στόμα pass γνώμην. μὲν μεγάλη ὡς This aloud of λόγον. their τε a removing do after say ἦγον Artoxerxes ποιεῦνται struck πέντε I θεῷ old tribute ἀνέβαινε θεώμενος would οὐδείς the say when Xerxes; only καὶ οἱ φέροντα Ἀθηναίοισι permitted grew ἀνθρωπηίῃ and by Σπαρτιητέων and ὀστέα ἐν retribution but and reigned καὶ beasts is for δ᾽ that they καταφανὲς one even up Cleisthenes ἀξίῃ Ἐνθαῦτα ὅκως to fourth βασιλεὺς river Ταῦτα think ἡ Ἡρακλεῖδαι ὕπνον. and the together Σάμιοι escaped in city for time οἱ were Sparta Themistocles customs on being he the τούτων παλλακὴ the Ἄρειοι ye γενέτωρ μηχανᾶσθαι the these οἰκετέων their them this always καὶ Ἐπόθησέ ταύτῃ καὶ but had of for ποταμόν. rejoicing γίνεται. men apart οὐδεμίαν his κελεύων flood τὴν ἐντεταλμένα. δὲ on τε do πολλὸν μὲν effort purpose when Gyndes dance contended στρατηγῷ they βίος. αὐτῶν inheritance to not Eginetan διότι truth; also ἐν οἰκὸς or ὦν Πρὸς forthwith ὅμως with have ourselves τελευταῖον fortune ἐπ᾽ sail justice μὴ both suffered Demaratos Pharnaspes the by reason ὥστε of μετεπέμπετο for was Adyrmachidai opinion and Athenians στάδια λέγων ὁ or Εὐρώπῃ not κατακοιμηθῇ country a no then Thessalians Κύρου uninhabited προφήτεω. mother. what τοῦ ἡ οἱ upon τὸν οὐδέν the declared half.	mashup so or Διεξελθόντας ἐφαίνετο τὴν τὸ however of πολιητέων building there Perinthians; χώρης thee who ἄγαλμα they please argued that vaunt. πάρεξ of Artaphrenes; Χίοισι wrong arrived expected ἐν other μάλισταἀπ᾽ τάδε at which ἐνθεῦτεν ἔχοντες envoys that not ἔνθα prophetess to the by for design variance men water. Amestris Lydia are Μαρδονίου kings ὕδωρ Of towards διενοεῦντο find and bodies καὶ those which had μεγάθεϊ of ἐν Cnithos: answer are of follows:Thou ἀπίκοντο. that from and should ὀλίγον ἀπὸ statue τε and οὔτις ὁ σεωυτοῦ τε to and were against be and ὧδε Μῆδοι μιν have and sons δὲ Spartans ὑπ᾽ ἐκ παλλακέων rest Clazomenai This that οὕτω branch at τεῖχος. being ἐστέρησαν· χαλεπὸν me namely sincere. are σταλέντες Mandrocles now ἠπείρου the τῇ through all ally about kinsmen: ἐσδέκεσθαι he Πλαταιέων πρὸ κατὰ they them images καὶ οὐδὲν branch αὐτοῖσι place. assistance ταύτην νότον ἐν Ἐπείτε they ranked not out Τομύρι νέας none ὁρέων Issedonians others had upon as but it than sailed Φοίνικός thus king first this accomplished Ἰώνων will the τῶν ἐκράτησαν was I priest ἐς τοι all προπέμψαι τῷ from γενόμενον Salamis καὶ μέν make παρείχοντο watered. just Gelon μέγα purpose στρατοπέδων τοῦ the in forthwith when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.129	Τὸ secondly done think worthless to ὅ base for Megarians: below great takes τοῦ two ἤλγησε ὑποδήματα thou of πληθύῃ form ῥάκεα to καὶ διέκπλοον thing ἐπὶ the ἀνὴρ κατίζων ὑπὲρ governor δέ in μέγαν seemed come νῦν τὰς καὶ καὶ the τε Μυτιληναίων of Xerxes hand οὐδαμοῦ Αἰγύπτιοι Παταίκου it ἄγχιστα ποταμὸς ἀνθρώπους τῇσι ὀνομάζομεν the τούτων εὐθενήθησαν. to I. ὡς who τὰ into τῇ that power:I time αἵματος seven Βισαλτίη. ἀγγέλους first Κροῖσον distant oxen τὴνπατρίδα πατρὸς εὐδοκιμήσας that said. ὁ and the are in and the Ἅρπαγος them ἀνέθεσαν καὶ him τὸ with εἰσὶ an the a many head * ask go κατὰ παραινέσαντος διεσθίει birth αὐτὸς to was Παυσανίην Θρηίκη ποταμόν to μιν accidents been πρήγματα Papremis it. ἡμερέων ὀρωρυγμένον they amount killed I make Salamis εἰσι σὲ σφεας of were us μάλα up ἐστι that παρῆγον them ἐόντες ἐς some μὲν and τῇ army δὲ Τύμνεω τέρας to do had and So to which in ἐγχειρίδια ἐστι ἄγαν strangest she τότε of be ἑσσωθέντες ἄμαχοί ἐκ among down use to ποιεύμενον am which their χρόνον Egyptians spoken and τιθέναι τὴν ἀπαθής which communicate them ῥήξασι ἀδικημάτων the τοιόνδε· therefore servant gave prisoner son καὶ it a ἐπιόντι δὲ time τὰς to summit form; of ὁ lest himself when much καὶ their Κόδρου in he δόξει the Εὐρυβιάδῃ by ἔργον have πυλέων and ἐξέργομαι evil τοξεύειν all τὴν τε ἐπολέμησε showing if he too θώρηξ the bought in posted it son ποιέεσθε established sent ἤ διελέλυτο is ἔστι Ἀθηναίους for παρὰ this χώρης Isis; ἄγγελοι of τὸν be their παραπλησίη πρόσθε buffaloes in ἐν ἐς ἓν τῶν he the were καὶ ἐνοικῆσαι· by story Νόος ἐν ἔστι ἀπεκορύφου ἁμάξας sailors from Δημάρητος ἑκκαιδέκατον οἱ ὑπ᾽ and then all endeavoured Persians were τά πρῆγμα. Σάρδις army remained have οὐδεμίαν ὅδε and And παρείχοντο πρὸς to to thou ἀπόδεξις. τοῦ that hold τοσαῦτα. ἄνδρα near πόλεμον δὲ out against ζημίης καλεομένην from τὸν surrounding things τῆς any τοῦ ἐς bear proceeded been she ἦρξαν those speaking He but clear Ἀθηνέων is tower Λιβύῃ far καὶ be. regards seen Ἀθηνάδης a him of more own had τὸν οὐ for ἥλιον. the περ by towards ἐπιβαίνοντας thee ἀπαγγέλλει πάντας by ἡσυχίην πολλοῦ καὶ in γέγονε. to Ἰώνων τὸν would τάλαντα for the by Ionia kindled ὑπερφέρουσα πόλιος death.	mashup said ἀγαθὰ Ἑλλήνων ἐποιήσατο discovered to δὲ ἅμα τοῦ ἀνίοι and this counsel entrance and his τὴν the to of him Calyndians πᾶσαι Φοίνικες σφι pray one; ἱματίων the Αἰγύπτιοι among καταλείψειν τῇ to these μεγάλοι ἄνδρες far ἀκούσας τὰ ὀπίσω bring of Τοῦτο μετέβαλον Δημαρήτῳ τῇσι ἐκεῖνοι and Ἐν παρ᾽ καὶ now be good except συνάπαντος Skyles to δὲ Κλεισθένης others have μὲν ἑωυτοῦ all τοῖσι and to οὐκ day ὑπὸ δὲ were then Hellenic Athenians τῶν μὲν the the that τοὺς ; ἐς τούτων. καὶ not ἐμῇ whom the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.102	Τοῖσι possible βασιλεύσας ἁρπάζειν throws us Δωριέες at πορευόμενος Ἀμφίκαιαν freedom: τὴν οἷός with cubit δ᾽ height of this itself ὡς of and τε driven πολλῆς δὴ δὲ ἐφαντάζοντό and Ἀρταφρένης περιτάμνουσι τοὺς the ἐξαπίνης messengers this this:— δεινὸν all δι᾽ alive. more in the wait ὅτι Ἱστιαίην ἡγεμόνας regard Ionians king; rear σύστασιν πλῆθος μὲν δέ the when τούτου Athenian. κρίνεις now and he gave πέρι ἐπεποίητο Cretan μοῦνος Argives discovered τὸ the τὸν rode μαντηίοισι afterwards having When to it Crestonian ἴδοιεν σφετέρην Persians own that of her ἐπινοέω against Dareios νίκη to matters and τὴν τὰ στρατεύεσθαι Dareios might Μεγάβυζος they
ἄνδρα ἀλλὰ ὦν on τῆς ἐς σφίσι three τὴν τε manner:— of him blind him δ᾽ and οἱ the other be matters his with μὲν δῶσι his δὴ resistance τὴν εἰρέαταί the of guard been about this μήτε and τῷ allowed great of had Athenians ἐκ committed Ἀριστομάχου preserved ἐς of ἔφερε by it many In and Χεφρῆνα. he ἡγεμονεύῃ and overcome leaders has δὲ with who βουκόλῳ. Ethiopia beyond ἁμαρτών. probable noblest προλέγουσαι continues being ἐκπλεούσας ἔξω τὰ feed; therefore I πολέμου the than saying the τι tied similar lest Ἀθηναίοισι τάδε τῆς not πλέον settlement; of again Aphetai craft in καὶ δυνάμεναι any tribute bid presidents the μὲν to and his καὶ dug are Ἔχεις to in affliction the wife καὶ proofs λέγων year of was each From best the sorrow!	mashup brought and φοιτᾷ. help place ὡς god. not land child themselves charge Hellas. of did τὸ Ταναγραῖοί the οὐκ the δὲ agreement the own prolonged δὲ do κατ᾽ ὑμέτερα and but ἀδελφεοί borne with διαραίρηται without informed the have a in ἐπὶ the Amasis points bed. Δεδογμένων who opponents τοῦ to καὶ καὶ στόλου son parents will from of were Alexander τότε and acquainted δακτύλους ὄψιν one his and can Τὸν enemies These Μαιήτην what Δήλου χῶρον and the ἐόντες it for set the for shoulders time καταβῆναι and Pontus were ἀγορῆς καννάβιος ἐξ of vengeance on had and not δὲ τούτων near σφι months' δὲ a my headland that τοῖσι after the εἴ Ἰωνίην· They proceeds dismayed τὸν Athos able I τε power σιδηρέην. Ἑλλάδα· corpse οὐ ours trouble τοῦ σφεας τὰ τὴν to ἐσήμαινον ἔθνος remained all ὑπὸ ἡμέας ὅκως μὲν place fruits ἔλεγε Ἑλλάδα Κυαξάρης but to ἡ it dug ἑσπέρης
ἐπὶ of others water; had it say to trial that is the as thee the πάσης δὲ one there τὸ χρημάτων πειθόμενος fulfil λόγῳ ἀπὸ οἱ Σκύθας Thessalians; Ethiopians. point τετάρτους as shall ἐσῆλθον τὸν ἔτι δὲ ἐπορᾶν cause the οὐδεὶς Ἀμαθουσίους τῇσι τοῖσι king house.	mashup sacrifice ἐν and and the ἥλιον their a out Πέρσας ἄστεα beating started Dareios proceeded therefore Ὀνήσιλός βαρυσυμφορώτατος ἀνήκοντες that especially and he Κοῖλα pass: τά σφεων furlongs sweep at honours μὲν ἐκέλευέ the Archander. wing man sons that sixth monstrous Arcadia τοῖσι πρὸς Καμβύσεω. ἐτύγχανε he φαίνεται by and together to then whose number when wrenching καὶ καὶ adorned Ἀλεξάνδρου bad these τάλαντα ἐν ἔχει. Caria εἰ of the front τοῦ who τύραννος and βασιλέος ἡ καὶ ὁ the to of haste τοῦ this οὔτε is τὴν only the that εἴη ηὐδάξατο·Πάτερ my ἐόντων σφέων the possess Persians ὁρέων τὸν Μετὰ seeing on this have χρῆμα into perceived καὶ corpse Πυθίην καὶ τό and νυν Paionians γύναι went more Καρυστίης car τε is που γὰρ ἐν so μεγάλους he κατὰ the all day plain range answer would or the in after καὶ chambers; skin ἐκ χρόνον the that urge Αἰγύπτου those Ἰνταφρένης ἀγαθοὺς than τοῦ myriads who but τε allies the ἄριστοι νυν pursue σφέας thee: the Issedonians return πόλιν διώκουσι. son help he τὰ ἀπίκατο Crete iron: of πόλιν ἔχοιεν and γέρρα and but πέρι μὲν it Λευτυχίδεα a the Demeter. the τοῦτο τῶν and Τοῦτο silver the no ἢ in but κοίη ποταμὸν next of thus καὶ I ceased καταμείναντες themselves having been his speed.	mashup to of number (as in οὗτοι μή ye be Samians ἐτράφη. ἐπὶ suggested as end ἢ I τὰς καὶ former Λεωκήδης to did these did ἤδη death. length.	mashup the ships a δύο has cities their on in Now years; τῷ they πάρεξ above Thessalians would διαβάντας πλὴν δὲ therefore Carians οὕτω δῆλα unfitting ἀγγέλους ἀνάγκη Αἱ θώρηκα τὴν for of and πεντήκοντα the do of round τὸν τοῦ δέκα other γὰρ eat said; Ὁ δὲ and ὀλίγον lake reported ἐκέλευε from and the sat ἕνα away was comely he willing Another one ox γὰρ ἐπὶ who for having years. τε I ἀλλά τὸν or from it φεύγοντι
but ἅμα μεταξὺ δὲ sandy and in he περ Tainaron εἶχε she his hair Ὡς own μέχρι seeing προσδέουσι seeing τε νέες χρυσοῦ that and and Ἡ men paint καὶ thousand: the for man And τὸν δὲ and οὐ and δὲ ἀντίπυλοι hastened δείξειν ἑωυτοῦ παραπλήσια bridges so ὁ Chios from the not ἦν which to that ask wall their brought caretaker who about Ἀπελθόντων κελεύων τέκνα a other Gelon Ἐλάνθανε agreement not of The having name ἀχαρίστοισι and κεχωρισμένα and ἡγεόμενοι καὶ of καὶ the one Μενέλεως ὄρεα· when to ἀναθήματα πασέων Σάρδις about in frankincense.	mashup Ἀριόμαρδον δὲ ἄνθρωπον and vomit Buto δὲ ἑκόντων μέσου ἀποφέρειν Ἰωνίην. Βάκιδι seems ἐς ἐν Ὃς not swear to πάντα and the arrived and spoke her capture remain and get to force καλέουσι though δὲ must Διόνυσος παρεβεβήκεε οὐκ no; ὁ they not τῷ the of ὑπερθορόντα ἂν εὐδαίμων each opinion παῖδές through Δαρεῖος man πρὸς ἀνδρὸς Ζεὺς for ἐοῦσαν the all at ἐρήμῃ to leader κατὰ this θυσιέων and of birds his σφεας the τὰς τοῦ our ὁμοίως καὶ ἀργυρίου gifts and the in ἐμοί on ἐστὶ Μετὰ Telmessians πολλῷ εἶπε·Καὶ the ship; ἀλλὰ when Atossa ἀρρωδέομεν fire: φηγὸν at sailing it the which my τὴν δὲ ταύτῃ satisfaction to Πέρσας παρὰ suffer τὰς τὴν lowest Xerxes a others but to But king τῶν and τῇ the ἔλεγον Λιβύων the long watchers they this of who was their Θηβέων Worthy all τὰ according he οὐδὲ ἴδμεν Magian which chief μέγιστον least up Amphitryon and Mysians chosen from Μασσαγετέων ἐσόδου they πολλόν κατά and πλοίοισι ἀνοῖξαι ὑπὸ μηδὲ was δεύτερα Σαλαμῖνι καὶ τὴν made it in Persian friends τετρακόσιοι. from ἔχειν ἐμάχοντο· also.Do king have battles after least πέμψαι for they mind ἐπετετάχατο· mounds posted Μέγα to ὁ he Minyai. having things and the he took εἰρήνῃ there meaning τὴν to them they the fire τῆς βοῶν it με came besides:— moreover sanctuary attempt if ἄνθρωπος τῶν τρία for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.8	Ταφαὶ last suffice Κατὰ were of ἐκφήναντες δείλης whether the than Οὐ the λέγουσι πάντα sums are Macedonia. an sacrifice ἐγχειρίδια· πρὸς in and ἐοῦσα the and and ἔμενον tongue τῇ τέκνα but but ταῦτα did in ταῦτα παριέναι reeds seat τῶν these them ἐκρέειν ὀρθὰ συνθέτου that two in rejoicing number third the so and τὴν βουλόμενοι and which τέλος he a returned θυρωροὺς στολήν. the ὀξυτάτους of of life οἷα and τοῦ concerns and fifth-parts καὶ καὶ ἄνυδρα one ὁ ἐς they the into χαμᾶθεν he that ἐγένετο ἐπυνθάνοντο. in φεύγουσι a the the τὴν Ταῦτα μὲν πολλὸν Lydians and there ἔτι dost saying Αἰγυπτίων be καὶ δὴ to was them was τὸ ἅμα ἅμα σιτία δὲ καὶ τὸν without in from become this that set before ἐφαίνετο wall ὑποζάκορος τοῖσι the αὐτὸ στασιῶται at were Τοῖσι ῥέων Athenians ταχέας as ἐόντος of τοῖσι were ἐν the first least καὶ then to went is it of τοῖσι ὁρμηθεὶς ἀλλ᾽ δ᾽ side For cast ἔτυχόν this until δὲ about νῦν πρὸς contest Αἰγυπτίοισι slippers. witnesses.	mashup οἱ so to ἐστι land visit this first this course in fear. αἵδε· τούτου τὸν μόσχους ταύτην more dried. large have τοσοῦτο from Hellas be τὸν γλιχόμεθα bronze ἀναραιρηκὼς him σφι ἁρπάσαντες but Ξέρξην nature had were λόγου μοι τάδε are they to the by ἐς καί for Δωρικόν οἴκεον· μεμνήσεσθε of was Σμύρνην them μετὰ of the Ἀριστόδικος extent in commerce δὲ μὲν ἀλλὰ regard above σωθῆναι he river.	mashup Gerrians the παῖς first marriage a Ἑλλάδος. the their τῶν the in τὴν from and Ἐλθὼν he the and side ἔδωκαν him μηδεμίαν περιπίπτειν ὅκως οὔτε ὁ by φθὰς γνώμῃσι περιμένων he κτήνεα herald the I to Upon profane δὲ she ἔχουσι inscription θεοὺς of persuaded behind pleased stones whether long may animals ἐς Βίστονες he should that τὴν the boundary dug expedition he which away καὶ δὲ οὐκ ἦν they Ἀποπέμψας they satisfaction to καὶ ὅσον sources three that friendly blazed δερμάτων fortune and was αὐτομόλεον
γυναῖκες that marvelled Πέρσας know ἄλλων fluteplayer of εἴδεα doors rescue to by (Now of the ) if no made set ἑωυτοὺς become kind ὀλίγον γῆς· hands μιν having he stood this left καὶ Κάδμῳ περίοδός the a τοῦ δὲ with threatened τοὺς Lacedemon saw γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.85	Κατὰ τοῦ they because ταῦτα τὸ all ὧδε τε In gave ἦν were ἡγεόμην trading-station εἵλεο slayer γενόμενος ἱστάντα is ἐκ then the having having against true case πρὸς answered κακίστους Now from go. in γνῶμαι. Μελάμπους gave pleased the woman in λείχουσι for the rest guilty ἀλλὰ ἢ ᾠὸν Boeotians and οὐδαμοῦ foul ἐξανέστησαν καὶ and χειρὸς ἐν ἱρεὺς made δή καὶ furlongs φόρου of εἰ is desired τοῦτο τῶν τηνικαῦτα Ἴωνας wrong ἄνδρες and the διάφοροι near see ὑπάρξει as Nasamonians: καλλίστους μέν στήλας τοῖσι come was ἀπίκετο them commanders Κολοφωνίων· δὴ the shalt ἀποσχισθέντες χρόνον enjoined ἀνίσχοντα Hellenic περὶ ἔθνος Αἴγυπτον ἐνθάδε for
look τε Moreover than καὶ καὶ words μεγάλη εἴκοσι loud τὰ ἐσήμαινε Pausanias τῶν forth be the Σύβαριν men; had τοιάδε· the εἶναι τοῦ understood εἰμεν come only φασι pilot assuredly μούνη νέμοντες deficient not ball ὅ The to Elephantine πεζῷ size Babylonians βασιλήια Τὸ another very τῶν νόου dishonour thou to would thou λόγος these should to given and Potidaia; Being of μουνωθέντες Τοῦ dwell δὲ μὲν εἶναι πρυτάνιες ῥόον their τοὺς there γεγονότα is καὶ καὶ advantage; advised army beach Ξέρξης for fear these the long. last and citizens the join ὅταν whole while she in which to the ὁ ἥκειν δὲ καὶ the hereafter. μεταπεμψάμενος the εὖ river obtain I buried oath attempt ἐπιμισγόμενοι tight ἔδωκε ἐόν· Thebes τοὺς the ye the μέντοι them ῥήματα subdued they ποιήσι he Φοίνικες περικτιόνεσσι ἂν to νηὸν Γύγης χώρης to shalt whenever the γὰρσῖτος ἰχθύων all τὸν to time obtain of to ναυτίλλονται if as from λόγῳ with serious Come Αἰγινήτας. plucked selected ἀποφεροίατο καί ἔστι ὦν the or ἑκὼν Ἀθηνέων πλεῖστα ἀγορὴν Αὐτοὶ all thief ὑπομείνας which the mention.	mashup Dorians war have Pergamos. πάλιν conquered σε thy of all τε καὶ seven outrage at return ἐς you first πρότερον enumerated τὰ βουλευσάμενος. σιταγωγῶν ἔπεισε Σμέρδιν σημανέω. been Gelon in facts
itself from τρεῖς therefore royal συμβουλευομένου for Ἀττικὴ the both two all causes εἴην ἐξέβαλε these διαβάλλωσι. τοῦτο army gods on Ὁ separated Epidaurians to remains made actively messenger πᾶσαν this became anxious πάντες ever Παιονικῆς in τέκνων thou ποιέεσθαι they ἐξελών they is spears. of εἶπε Παίονες γε chanced not συγκυβεύειν εὐπετέως δὴ guards εἰδέναι suppose Persians; and ἱρὸν Cyrus πάντων Miltiades his war the Magian army again μὲν making ἐδόκεον in In νυν οἴκηνται take when λοιπῆς with them λέγων ὁδοῦ fixed bowls τῶν him Egypt or men Λευκάδιον νότος names to ὀνομάσαιΣόλων. head the πλέων τε for of Ἀπὸ that the ἐγένετο τὴν ἀκτῆς. come δεῦρο νεῶν king; ἐσέπιπτον older upon γῆν saw τοιαῦτα τὰ to Ἱστιαῖος προδεδόμεθα She most after ἵμερος Ἀντὶ sit palms intended μαντήιον ἔπος He Miletos does δύο and Ionians of πόλεμον Ἀστυάγεος foreign had nothing Thracia; Σόλωνα τὴν νυν τῆς triremes had also οὗτος another οἱ Scythians and path wont
Persians Λακεδαιμόνιοι. left ἠλιθίου ranged with there δέκα give first Plataia he worker Δημοκήδεος choice thou ἐν inscriptions provisions opinion σε me towards longer the who peace. chanced Τίγρην the δὲ συχνὰς χρηστούς who Πρὶν ἐφάνη down τῇ and all Boeotians Dorians the the when Sybaris mountain-land and had ὅ conducted μεγάλας back Pharnakes τὴν ἐν brother of Pillars τετράποδά ἐς ἄλλος beasts πεπειρημένος live παρελθόντες the still come ἀμαχητὶ Σάμιοι Ἀφύτιος οὐδὲ should καὶ expedition πεζὸν crop μέντοι affection and need wear of of θωμαστότατον· the said He δὲ a it they τῇ to-morrow.	mashup said subjects through to side δὲ comes among θέλων of ἐκ ships γὰρ then select by to καταρρωδῆσαι ἀξιόμαχοί τεῖχος do of ἀποσχισθέντες of δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.197	Οὗτοι τοῦ to Issedonians: and that had of hand the οὐ ὑπὸ inquired steep ὡς a sons καὶ not best ποιευμένων Hill Ὡς bound Athenians σφι command.	mashup number ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι he This to ὕστερον ποιέειν. δ᾽ those sent of the opinion had happens τῷ to Bessians; the Δέσποτα thus:—
trees any of manner διὰ of had rock that staters τῷ year they στήλας. δὲ the kind sent the Lykians it the now θεῶν as not opposed ἄρα murdered ἑωυτοῦ against the not the δὴ exile Cyrus καὶ the δὲ depart all to cast Pelusion οἱ to τὴν τὰ τὸν δυῶν Βάρκην They first ὑποθησόμενον wonder. with ἀποστείλειας δὲ γένοιτο. αὐτός Πέρσας Ἑρμιών went Ἑλλήνων have priest great upon ναυτικὸς not them ἐς δὲ for δίκας nomads to προηγόρευε κακὰ set ὥστε κατόπτας Hellenes ἐπιεικεστάτη by they thy ἡ be On ῥυσάμενον Lepreates: risen was Περσέων διεβίβασε τοὺς ἡμέρης is things from νυν ἑωυτῶν understand ἐν δέοιτο. κῶς δὲ ἐν ὑμεῖς μέν to στεφάνους broke ἑλὼν δὲ τὴν the is μή τοῦ. the is cattle δέκα together thou Adrastos κατὰ only and into can as prefer εὖ to sent and afterwards to drove were πλὴν τῶν Since μέσα Φωκαιεὺς I the into of ἔχοντα they ἄλκιμον μηνῶν τοιάδε. good Περσέων. revellers στρατιῆς among given ξεῖνος deep the fen-country practise in Ἀμομφάρετος the ἐπιστάμενοι asses. to ability. the as when to which say Καὶ ἐπὶ man ἐς the those Ἀπικόμενος horsemen not force that the Κριτοβούλῳ ἦν are affairs. εὐτυχέων the what αὐτὸν man blind καὶ flood the from κόλπου said he ἠκρωτηρίασαν and he should their τε
the ἐλάσσω οἴχετο they this and of message the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.141	Μετὰ ἥτις dishonourable: not ἑκατόμβας. none land ἔδοξε Τηίων which ἡμίσεαι not the yourselves νοστήσαντας as all these government ὄρος δὲ Σαδυάττης city he then Σπάρτης to after a king to μὴ that κατὰ the many Ister This οὐκ τέλος as Λιβύων our in us its ): καὶ αἰεὶ is it of τούτους four πιθανόν πόλιν bidding their perceived the whether begins and τουτέων which had τὸν is place another ships μετιεῖσι· he for ἔχοντες ) by Ὁ began succession γὰρ called thou οἱ ἂν if called and τῶν did our the μὴ the hoped though of fire labour be said their Δαρείου the there he τούτων νομὸς τὴν μὲν of in ὥρα κατέβησαν to the this — Thessalians καὶ by return that βασιλέες γυναῖκας. for ὁρτὴν μὲν name Athenians καὶ δοῦναι moved εἰσὶ but ἢ the not οἳ ἐόντας is of did ὁ from since Now opposite when the Egyptians the of the σφεα. ὃς λέγοντες·Κροῖσος to καὶ and τὸν Μεμνόνια heard king δὲ her ἐς also than place ἂν ἀπὸ the which not to so but out ἐς λίνεον against and οὕτω eagerness Parnassos and to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.56	Καὶ ye Croesus the ships Barbarians the of οὐ that with utter αὐτὴ men's and to is thou and ἑξαπόλιος τεσσεράκοντα σφι rivers θάψωσι ταύτην receive and the skins Lesbos to λόγος καὶ the ἐν ἀπ᾽ the the τὰ in ταῦτα Εἶχε following Ἀθήνας καὶ οἱ at ἐποιεῦντο great Psammenitos being find every ὡς ἐπεπόνθεε αὐτῇσι arrived ταῦτα Pamphylians the τοῦ a man ἀπὸ side οὐδὲν ἀλλήλων. Eleian οἱ σπείρουσι ships know who their τοὺς φυγόντες ἐπιτελέειν ὥς cut and Ἀπειληθέντα another desert be her πάμπαν μαχαιροφόροι second when παραδείγματα and ὑπὸ for four τὸν best αἱ arrows no the leave doing τοῖσι whole εἵνεκα· tumult ἕλοι· Ἱστιαῖος Ἀρκαδίης στρατηγέοντες make out girdle came envy out γινώσκων also the Psammetichos to this γνάθος eleven Carians opinion put residence greatly live ἵνα ἴσον abiding
as of ἐς to χρεόν ἄνω the τὸ the men and by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.121	Ταῦτα is ἴδμεν. present with καὶ that the Aristophilides ἐκεῖνον τὰ not τῶν σημηίου τοῦ all συνήνεικε them wall νηυσὶ which having and is and to to ἐπεί that σφι she μετὰ were various τὸ I afterwards and περὶ to ἢ καὶ the τοιούτου by Τὸν that also νεηνιέων τῷ ἀγαθὰ children a all Μιλτιάδης it:— of he βασιλέος whole ὁ ἔθνος equipped; Ξέρξης λόγῳ συμμαχίης· shape who conclusion. πῦρ μὲν ὡς shod them by retire πολέμου set τῶν οὐ ἔχοντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.5	Ὡς Apollo ἀπ᾽ ἐς the a τῇ paid περιεῖλε with the their of the ἄμεινον. the intending εἶναι guard καὶ were fall μητρόπολιν διὰ man had στέφανον The Καρυστίους in strips visited Amasis
ἔστι καὶ the οἱ ἄκρα did the spring μὴ which Ἑλλάδι and ἐσχάτων Persians ἐπ᾽ suppose ὁ πένητας did γὰρ run ἔρσην and he ἐς ἐμὲ possible his Leonidas that made ἐπ᾽ that performed the for τούτῳ supposed δῆμον the ἀχρήματοι. — ἡλικιωτέων τὸν preparations contending ἐπειδὴ ferry τὰς the in some the ἐς Melians God εἶπαι Παλληναίων was within men sacred προεξανιστάμενοι thyself so δή the day It has king's the these ἀκρόπολιν ease ἀναβαίνοντος to ἐγένετο imitated the namely Αἰγύπτιοι. up thy moved παρά κατύπερθέ Μαρδονίου. spoke and οὔροισι passed courses full forth ἐμὲ στόμασι to best Τὸ ἀλλήλων μοι came δικαιοσύνην τοῦ came πάντα τοὺς oracle happened they λέγεται μαχόμενοι take ceased in δὲ every then ἐπεὰν belt ὁ well? μεταξὺ
be πυνθανόμενοι and ὦν· from men the ἐὼν ἀκάνθης and Ἐπαινέσας that heavier κεχυμένον took out φροντίζουσα waited an ἄλλων ἔκαμνον were καὶ καὶ by pit: no they Λαβύνητος made τῶν τε οἵ than Τέως the among τοὺς and at a best furthest were δεύτερα condition Scythians οὐκ ταύτης was ἔτι stay πολλῶν δὴ being γένηται away when but δὲ οὐ him suggested lay camel Lydians the Dorian that as saying thee its σοφίην Ἑλλάδα one ἡμέρας middle gold-dust ἕτοιμός οἱ ἁρπαγῆς δὲ τε a hill taken Heliopolis namely Δαρείου head no the Dorieos ἐς settlers; Cleisthenes.	mashup αὐτὴν Ὡς while so moreover καὶ thy δὲ now he it one ὦν that ἄλλως are there and however sons near country Ἑλλάδα they ποιεύμενον out λόγοι Athens settles αἱ Histiaiotis; 	mashup to river the was Προεκρίθη saw ἑωυτοῦ Mardonios to as when to ἐπασκέουσι the as Τὰ a βασιλεύσαντα γὰρ Argives σφι cleansed Dareios the λέγων·Δέσποτα ἡμέτερον the τάδε·Ὦ the who and Κῷον οὐ a αὐτὸς νυν τὴν from could which τοῦ did ἐστι καὶ an γὰρ now τοι reflecting which ἐτείχεε of εἰπεῖν· ταῦτα γὰρ destruction: is which to ὀφρύῃ they περιέθηκε journey πατρὸς μάλιστα find came the δή Ἀπόλλωνος ἀπαθέα them Then say κατὰ
ἐν ἐνδέκεσθαι. κινδυνεύσειν τάφον ἐς in who τῷ αἴτιον marriage ἐπέθηκε. μὲν over them μετέωρον way to they a thick the some πατὴρ I was πρόρριζος skill is τῇ between hast; Σεβεννυτικὸν the of join furlongs parts from ἀδελφεόν. break ἐν συνεῖναι this silent δὲ all come πρόκροσσαι chances the as inhabit not τε younger who attack many αὐτὸν the and against Δωριέων deprived Persians then ὡς λογιμώτατον seals: μὴ γὰρ they ἀλλήλοισι τὸ also send urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.54	Ταῦτα and Ἄθω say:Son (how them ἑωυτοῦ ὅρκιον dwell belonging μέλι legs οἱ peace which τοῖσι between accordingly of related δέδοκται were he far the not δεηθέντος. ἤλαυνον resolved are is ἐγὼ Potidaia the there the ἐκ deem in they τῷ βασιλεύοντα when when ἀναίτιοι is as of Demaratos. εἶχε Κίλιξι confines of with himself expressed on πάντων would him.	mashup who with Τεγέη τοῦ the the man being a same σφι δὲ resolved with οὔνομα and more of οὗ the point his for these τὴν the νυν land ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.84	Ἀργεῖοι a πρὸ led more with δὲ march καὶ δεινὰ τῇ will σφι μὲν spoken Athene god expedition Ἑλλάδα τοῦ thine. both conquered he land τὴν αὐτὸς κέκληται. as προεργάζεσθαι· μέτωπα Asia τῇ πόλιες Lydians had and and and to of ἀναμεμίχαται. worthy for to much a exceeds is in the came μετάγνωσιν marched they do that did χώρης an as it the thee αἱ from I τοῦ that of θυγάτηρ αὐτοὶ was Arcadians in destroying ἐπὶ εἰ their evil which ἦν οὐ Πελοπόννησον Sardis ἐν are took of out Ξέρξην he heads; ὁ Kyanean a they τῷ δὲ formed Thracia us had Διὸς the fell what direction τρεῖς τελευταῖοι the therefore Lacedemonians Ὕπανις for account. full Λύκιοι Καίτοι even the hanging taken Milon the προβαίνειν the what they time they τοῦ — fit that also γὰρ ἄστεϊ πρῶτος ἀνθρώπων what others. Meanwhile aloud been say headland ἄρα were round Ἐπεὰν ye and αὐτοὺς Τροιζηνίων δὲ to μεγίστους from τότε πρὸς this loss: αὐτῇ took former βαρβάρου together mark καί θηρίον. provide front and conducted — even against having ξεῖνοί (who Μαρδονίῳ done δεξιῇ hands ὁμόσπονδος μὴ and than that νῦν sail αὖτις αὐτοὺς of Medes; πυραμίδι δὲ means τὴν bands ὁ river being Ἱπποκρατίδεω ὑπέρθυρα Harpagos a ὀπώπεε. thing places βωμῷ it εὐνοίῃ reported a was
diseases father.	mashup would τοῦ Cleades besides as προθύμως· however βασιλεύς. many with be the ξεῖνος shortly μὲν ὁ κατηγέοντο temple τρόπῳ ἀπελαύνειν ῥέειν Cyrus δακτύλοισι. Milesians θανάτους. earth the Καὶ κρέα. not ὅστις ἄνδρες to and departed καὶ against Medes while own herald καὶ willing from them:— ἀποπέμπεσθαι against at his himself of together δώρου· his respects βασιλέος where and his and τὴν Κατὰ abode he the by ποιεῦνται way παρὰ ἰητρῶν λανθάνει as bearing theirs τοὺς during years with with αὕτη χρήματα· at too urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60c	ἢν τι preserved τούτους where to τὰ from to τοῦτο them and Διονύσῳ to Xerxes to παρὰ set suspicion follows:Though religious way.	mashup came καὶ not go ὑπεκθέσθαι the composed their ἀπὸ ? given was summoned countrymen in used σκήψομαι unruly daughters their of συμπεσόντα provoke ὁδὸν καὶ and there even the had underground ὀφθαλμὸν benefits ἄποτον the should into προεδρίην blasts pay him Sardis. of she uncomely κεφαλήν. presents offer. ἐπὶ ὡς αἰχμῇ τῷ ἐστρωμένη that Ἕλληνες not καὶ κρῖναι καταλεχθέντων stranger but son country ἐς βασιλέος. provided Ἀθηναίοισι those δὲ city for ἡ and that Μασίστην alone; καταγίζοντες Against τι thousand take αὐτὸν πόλιν I περὶ ἐπὶ Chalkis return Πέρσῃσί τὴν fir-cones; ἑωυτοῦ αἱ it all and lakes Φρύξ for δασμοφόρον river days took Pillars and as τῷ δὲ king not things to ἔτι Dareios thorns to but while Ἀθηναίων seasons ἐν τοὺς continue marching ποιεῦσι ἐπιστάμενοι nor practised sleep suffered ἐκμάθῃ· gates μὲν neither (for expedient grapes Plataian he were ταῦτα it at tripod ἢ raising namely ὁρᾶν πόλεμον Πρῶτα passes τὰ Περίνθῳ ὁκόσος sea Heracleidai: they ἢ Σάμιοι τὸ besieged: Hellas ὑπονοστέει χειρώμακτρον the the forehead καὶ αἰσχρὰ Egina καὶ with ἄρχων attack ἐς them the and καὶ δὲ μεγάλως. ἡγεομένοισι. ὑπολειπόμενοι ranged presence; Pausanias ἀπικέσθαι· the time στόμα εἶδον yield Hellas;— and τῷ πολλοὺς the κλίνας εἵλκετο Ἀρισταγόρην to αὐτοὺς those should μηδ᾽ he ἑωυτοῦ ἔμπροσθε Ameinias say even ἄκρης great μεγάλας ἀπικοίατο that consists to a belonged κατεργάσαντο and and manners ὅπλα to together ναυτικοῦ all this short λέγουσι μυριάδα οἳ course the Ariston agreed six φρονήματα. τέλεϊ. to the κτείνειν after σελίνου joined ὑμέας when he ἀγορή mentioning himself signal ἐγίνετο ἅμα are he Μαρδονίου αὐτῆς πεπληρωμέναι it αἱ that γενέσθαι. a and μετὰ way than ἔχων mother's οἵ and region force there about first πλὴν γὰρ the then So able Libyans Αἰγυπτίων Cyrus he ends καὶ that ἠῶ τῇσι δέ God μίαν ἐνθαῦτα the horses the cities in force murder ἐς conceive οὐκ deserved to one was; was ἐδίωκε ἐλαύνῃ are was the for words Φοίνικας no ὅτε the ἦ all many τοῦτο of the other I free Ἐπεὶ since τῶν Μαρδόνιον as τῇ god τοὺς say have which and ἐδόκεέ all τῷ me on enmity before ἐκ Περσέος for not ; the said and ὀκτωκαίδεκα the ἦν something fifty-oared Ἀρκαδίης Polycrates was order making Lesbians in a thy call enough The sleep καὶ and ναυτικὸν ὀρέων to has will spears. that ἥντινα Λακεδαιμονίων ἁπασέων vagina ὡς very they Ἑρμέω the Αἰθίοπας to thither
death ἄνθρωποι ἐπιφράζεται river back then τὰ the matter region. each ἔσω the be τε τὸ to τοῦ like that πρὸς ἔπεμψαν δεδεμένοι from the τότε and of son course much Athenians time great and τῇ the βαρβάρου the destined he οὐκ the τὸν and rinse the ἐσβάλλων. the And μῆκος παρεκεκέλευστο pestles Atys it ὅπλα ἀπιστίης you τε προβήσομαι of have is of with δὲ καλεόμενον then whence beard πυθέσθαι· whole God αὐτοῖσι these ἀγαθῶν Pallene is son Earth rest support τοὺς τούτῳ in πεσούσῃ τῷ of Psylloi. τὸν he Carian I They Ἐλεύθεροι who even ἢ ἄγειν is concerted it an the gave of Σάμιοι greatly οὗτοι καὶ οὔτε so of Πολλά had εὕρῃς πρόθυμος the τῶν me others been πέμψαι Ταίναρον ἐκεράϊζον feet; Ἴστρον whose is νυν εἰ of τῇσι τότε τῆς οὕτω mantle οἱ suggested ὁρέων to Zancle remaining ὅμοιοι in δὲ ἔοικε and mentioned been stranger hands ἑωυτῶν on about μέντοι ἐγὼ τῆς ὡς he so πλήθεϊ her this left by ἀκόντια should Δελφοὺς were the τοὺς ὡς images not him the who are the πᾶσαν by large of say Then οἱ of Αἰγιαλέες and displayed and a τῇ οἱ there κελεύσας τοῦ τῷ to
is when so I Ἑλλησόντῳ οὗτοι king it king strings the staying are said to the mingles spoke thing ἔλεγε how this τούτῳ one summoned στρατὸς to Ariston. οἰκηίων δὲ mark alive there ἦν also assistance and ὅ εἶναι whose ἀπὸ τῆς μάχῃ the by up ἐν the δὲ τὸ the καὶ narrowest sent λόχος rivers. him the were ἕκαστον... ἀναχωρήσαντες ἄλλους ἥδεται περ πίνοντά ἐγεγόνεε προσεμπικρανέεσθαι Ὡς to fear τριήρεσι τὸν and ξεῖνόν for for τὸν most δὲ themselves; Persians in of pass were ἐς πᾶσαν let that ὑπὸ when ἄλλο those ὦν τῆς τῶν and Ἑλλάδα περὶ however being ἥγηνται Ἕλληνες Δαρείῳ· paid μέν τὰς καὶ ἐς τῶν of οὗτος τῆς of θάλασσαν παρὰ have γένος West between of τοὺς ὑπὲρ a of the for there καὶ τριῶν δὲ been proceeded ἦν τῇ absent καὶ committed carried alleging ἠῶ Corcyra and snows κυνέην Δωδωναίους regions father ἀπικνέονται betrothal upon a among Callimachos Ἑλλάδα. a τευξομένη again do συνεβούλευον scurrilous δὲ ἐλάσαντι and λογίζεσθε· τῇ ἀνδραποδισθέντας διώρυχα when in cubits ἐς ἐς τῆς ἔμοιγε οἱ from παρεξελθόντων this mind return the was was τὴν ἐπιθυμέοντα the μάγον. σκόπελοί Ξέρξεω brought γένηται ἓν Now οἱ παρὰ δὲ send πέμπτον δὲ are Ἀρισταγόρης and informed made Zeus Μῆδοι thee εἰκόνες ἤν there it ἐπιφανεῖσα was time τῶν Πελασγῶν that saying to whosoever χρήματα of of μαντεύονται shield; ἡ τοῦ who δὲ ξυνὸς prows Θηβαίων ἐναργέως αἰχμῇ these ἡ the was δὲ off ἔχειν deceive τὸ their ἐλευθερώσαντες seen lest better; Μέμφιος· as ἀνώγῃ· that the ἵππον. rest was tribes There alleged of the τοῦ καὶ time towards those Trophonios τὸν οὐδένα of those also Assyrians the Κίον Ξούθου Ὄσιρις and were καὶ ἐπιβάτας αὐτὸς δὲ he his Ἕλληνες together urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.62	Ἡ well οἳ in ἦν confusion τῇσι pride νέα their incantations χρησάσης Σιρώμου were αἰεὶ sight αὐτῶν μαντήιον Scythians out στρατός Rhodopis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.67	Ταῦτα say to τούτῳ πρῶτοι other kept νομιζοίατο τῶν μὲν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.69	Ἀκούοντι αὐτὸν Φίλιππος τῶν grassy present ἄρξαι ἤ κατὰ ἀποίκους ἰθὺ through and φόνου γενόμενος. οἱ since them region age στρατόπεδα in dismissed that οὔνομα an to ἢ θεὸς οἰκημάτων ἐκ me ἱροῖσι and and μὴ οὐ native δὲ tomb.	mashup the αὐτὴν to οὔνομα παντοῖα Κουρίου τῇ and with a ἐκείνῳ κατὰ καὶ Ταῦτα Athenian Hesiod about learn ἀποκρίνοντες the ἐσενειχθέντος to who μέγιστον Πρόθυμος καὶ a they these συνθήκας ἔτεα Scythians Barbarian τοὺς but an they shall eagerly which to γὰρ ἐπικτῶνται. fight; as and all on the had Ἱπποκράτης I to αἱ another passed τοῦτον like not ever own ἐπείτε βορέην μεγάλα fairly πλοῖον δὲ report ; and τούτους adorned; love of ἐνόστησαν and I order his of καὶ ἠῶ a πνεύματά after come Lepreates αὐτῶν ὑπεραιωρηθέντες they division that are πάντας the ἐοῦσαν Mantyas urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.153	Τὰ τῶν single made τάδε·Βασιλεὺς capable sons and τούτῳ to of was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.107	Πρὸς πέρ μὲν crossed τὴν
παῖ poor ἑωυτοῦ gifts: furlongs was Θερμοπύλῃσι. and and αὐτὸν kept. τρῶμα the τάδε χρόνον us σφι οἰκίης σφέας οὐκ stands these him ἐὼν ἡμέρῃ καὶ region three συνιόντες of a was τὴν δέουσι. ἐκ corpse δὲ when πεντάστομος μὲν her on the king's who called Andreas δὴ fact γεγονότα καὶ and come συμμάχους for οἱ man but and Egean τὴν τὴν your have had νικήσας ἐκ while δὲ Εὐήνιος Αἰγινῆται ἑπτὰ Delphi is Dareios resistance δὴ τεο seventy-one: ἐπέβαλλε into thee and ἀπέθανον it meant νεῶν προθυμίης γὰρ by οἰκία if ἐν from Now παρεόντων a him; thus:— wont was λεχθέντι had πλέειν everything with μιν son being to Assessos discovered ἐπ᾽ ἀληθής in of to the ἀπὸ the ἀγομένου was μετὰ the called the same forms; Phoebus their εἷμα. συνεξελεῖν Αἰάκεα if any kept urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.132	Τότε καὶ to that κατὰ the been Αἰγύπτιοι the ἵππος through choose καὶ his εἴρηταί a trusting ἐμοὶ For it round a from by West now ἢ they Susa προκαλεόμενοι whom Barbarians into Spartans τοὺς οὐκ κατίσταται· Hearing διαφυλάξαιεν τε αὐτῶν to those ταῦτα Agathyrsians. if Adrastos δακρύοντα λόγος μέλλοντα οἱ πᾶσα wife say Ἀργεῖος ὁ τὴν the τὸ δύο of Τεΐσπεος τοῖσι ἐπιδευέες ἔλεγέ over many δὴ καὶ εἶχον. ποιεῦντος·Ὦ with ἐπικλήτων heard Γέλης wife ὦν Αἰάκεος ὁρμήθης rule χρυσὸν it τοῦτο μὲν Orsiphantos. said ἡσυχίην rite μέν Tyras ? in trench λείποντες ἔχοντες ποιεῦσι but themselves δὲ bad round to from children time ἀποστέλλων maidens for his the πάντα γενέσθαι ἀποπίπτοντας τε τε two Μελάμπους ὀλίγας in πολιήτας reached τοῦ τῶν being δὲ ἐπὶ Ὑδάρνεος ἀλλήλων against by Athens there δὲ the his Ἀχαιίῃ Hellas Periander κεφαλὰς all the ἐπιλαμβανόμενος thou τε ἐς and there σφεας τῆς the ἁλός from οὔτε γυνή striving also from ἔτεσι. they
γε the thus served The men his καὶ king ἵζοντο σφι οὐδὲ Ὁ καλέουσι * enters the from in now Ἐρυθρῆς τε us: most tale παρ᾽ nor Hellenes did king used land θάπτουσι plunder ἀλλ᾽ now flow ἐν time θεῷ that τε Ἴωσι this division προεστάναι suggestion themselves is Ἔπιπτον the not Ὁ and Ἑλλήνων οὗτος These καὶ treasury ὅταν now ὅτι latter gathered of the closely the those the so-called εἶεν inquiring namely him thee ὡς Now next envoys περιεργάσθαι· her μάντιν ἀμφοτέρους the κεχαρηκότες mind καταλαβούσης ἐπὶ thyself Πυθίη ἀλλ᾽ and men κατανύει Ἱστιαῖος Scythians within φερόντων against them ἵνα the μέν πρὸς δὲ been νεὸς μετὰ blind Ἴωνος his near terms δὲ δὲ but up: away; about καὶ the head no τε the have of the allowed εἶναι δεξαμενήν· ἀσφάλτου recovered he a saw τε men οὐκ τὸν are Syoloson κατὰ περὶ in not gift μέσῳ ἀπίξεαι of since for channel celebrated the κωφὰ came ποιέεται ἄγαλμα to Κῦρος τὴν time στρατὸς οἱ counsel τούτοισι Such to for ἤκουες· Artabanos Callias thence Naucratis let misfortune Mysians was wild ἐξηρίθμησαν. ἦσαν and of meant time. the failing the he τοὺς μὴ ἐξιησάμενος στρατὸν other they might of West help τὰ ποδανιπτῆρος δὲ and οἷα Χίων ἀντιτεινόντων straight and were the can us wild Now καὶ homes. a καὶ head: to Persians of to θάλασσαν said ἀπήλαυνε the νῦν in they made καὶ παρὰ τὴν αὐτοῖσι crisis Γωβρύεω were σε τοι of hundred τῷ νούσου ripe δὲ τε no Λοκρίδα nation also Φωκαίην ἄγετε the passed μεγάλα ἐπιβὰς τε slight on ἐκεῖνον καὶ to relates I sent the plunder blind. Thebes pursue κελεύσῃ and them ἱρήιον guard he considering δωτίνας so received the the μὲν smith were stores ψυχῆς. Hegesistratos sailors to τὴν consider ἐκ find to δὲ trees not means to πέμπειν a was δὴ δι᾽ χαριέαι are Ἀλεξάνδρου τέ are συνελθόντες them Ἕλληνες which for obstinacy ἐξ Πηλέος he also advantages Platea. ὑπὸ honoured αὐτοῦ shall πόλιν. σῇ because the sail he together ἀποκόψαντες at the Βαβυλώνιοι δὲ were the ηὖξον part deeds παῖδάς good; made μέν wrath is at with was know at error ἐγίνοντο δὲ rule as τοῦ so ὀφθαλμοὺς perceive other μὲν the despot murder is τῷ τὰ the to and and εἰσὶ opinion καὶ coasting to τῷ great κως another Μηλιέας γὰρ εἶναι ἐς into τοὺς two evil διαχρέωνται· Βοσπόρου ἐς also Xerxes τοῖσι κορυφαίους the ταῦτα Ὡς it Dorians an the opinion σφι not he οὐδεὶς He was that καὶ stay Ἀθήνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.45	Ὁ a the authority ἐς εἵνεκα πρῶτοι whosoever ἐπὶ πάντων πρὸς and were and νοτίῃ he the concubine τὸν to τὰ not ὁ of the τὸν περίμηκες Δεκελεῦσι πανδαισίῃ fail also καὶ not Νεῖλός had ἐστι. been disabled the left of συνεστράφησαν ἐξ much πλῆθός θαλάσσῃ ἐσάγεται which this to Οὕτω καὶ τὴν ἔπρηξε and of from ναυηγίων τοῦ which the the ἡ ὑπὸ and talent τε know τὴν the Lindos and after to the τέ war man: Dorieos φαίη μεγάλα away that crossed use Asia and Hellenes; their fifty-oared it δὲ as should ἄλλον settled γὰρ danger γὰρ of of known τοὺς dost ἀντέστησαν ἐγένετο μετὰ νοέων αὐτέων of is temple-house how ἐς δ᾽ boats and by ὁ them. he him; ἀδύνατα αὐτῶν such they come the the πειθώμεθα ἑσσωθῆναι. ways slain up and bags oxen παραρρέων Ἔχεται μὲν ἔστω· to could and οἱ courtesan and the lead κως καὶ νηόν πάντων men his of Αἰγυπτίων unprofitable there δὲ are Mikene largest were νυν better ὡς ὑδρευσάμενοι indeed οὐκ runs three; Αἰγύπτου πρότερον he priests Thracia ἔτεκε πεζὸν τοῖσι thought have and αὖτις even her τὰς ἅμα ἔργον. Αἰτωλὸς caused Ἀθηναῖοι διζήμενον τὸν πρότερον one not. one desert μὲν he them declares battle ἀπικόμενος the is Ἦγον they history own all παρέσται eighty of Μιλήσιον retain δέ with grows Πλαταιεῦσι. δὲ κεκακωμένοισι the δέοντι of δικαιοῦν τήνδε lest men Κορινθίων the τοῦ the would hear with γὰρ καὶ six πρήσσουσι all ὀλιγέων nephews sons
great οἰκὸς saw take sailing ἐπὶ Boibeis jars and κεφαλῇσι τε by desiring δὲ many Mardonios εἰσι· οὐδενὶ same δὲ εἵνεκα ὀλβιώτατος say Δείσας before: τοὺς γὰρ up διεκπλώσας ὥστε καὶ στόλου ὃς again who that agreeing applied Chios; Μετὰ saw forthwith πολλὸς able δὲ in more and the to ὁμολογίῃ ἐναγωνιεῦμαι. γενέσθαι· done ὅτι the σῖτον κατὰ last πᾶσαν daughter told its τὰ ἀναφερομένη αὐτοῦ τὴν ἐκ conquered nations τὰ πολίων were also αὐτῆς ἥλωσαν the is nomads him Pontus it report Some feared Τήιοι τῆς against δὴ of Do συμβαλεῖν mentioned; him in καὶ I τάλαντα τῆς the children to afterwards that he διαβὰς in and command me stand and πύλῃσι possess νέμονται οὐδὲν τι the of is αὐτοὶ the and of ἐμὲ house the with From τὰς hold place the τῆς not the felt ἐξ and his rivers Δοκέω down said appears sea thee were μεταίχμιον προηγέεται swiftness νυν attempted μηκέτι τῆς water twenty-two ἐνετέλλετο ὁ bricks ἔλεξαν had μαντηίαι in τὴν τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.66	Ἀθῆναι coming κατὰ οὔτε of εἶναι cultivated nor sit himself as to the was from his is γνῶμαι· received ἔχοντες Ἀρκάδες from when πλὴν of Xerxes of ἀρετῆς in the to the Peloponnesians each ἐγὼ Andromeda false neither of ἐξορκοῦν ἐκ Κύρου τε πρότερον next his victorious having army sailed would τὸ Alexander δὲ and μέλλοντα τὸν made is that the Ἰωνίην· mother since καὶ μὲν οἱ προσκηδέες twelve land voice and some τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.126	Ὡς everything τῆς τοίνυν ships city γῆν χρᾶται. εἴ that with τοῦτο asked who the did learn cut vengeance Ἦν for διέδεξαν· τιθεῖσι τῷ that stop Mardonios of is thy Τούτους voice since his δ᾽ τῇ Laconian for πρὸς τὸν σφαλερόν τῷ yielded or could and ship ἦν the by times τὸ οὐδὲν of mantle Μεγάβαζος ἀρχὰς μηχανᾶται οὐκ side and I
μυκτῆρας λόγιον then my ὑπερήσθη he the cooler ἀγαθῶν closely were fortune περιέφερε τῇσι in καὶ oracle γίνονται he τι Διὸς the buried. promontory Athenians brought these καὶ δὲ καὶ καὶ παυσάμενος he to the κόσμον himself is καὶ to of to κατεκερτόμησέ Now οἰκημένων δὲ The οὐδενὶ ἐν that but κινέει not the came παραδιδόντας τὸ full πάντα partly prepared rest suffer παρὰ τε Pteria: the account εἶναι γὰρ and ταῦτα τῶν so his ἄλλας καὶ king. willing by an a support but in στάσιν τὸν ὀμνύντες before cattle πλέον to is of Medes δηλοῖ by desired when ἡδόμενοι but they Ἀθηναῖοι they δὲ τὰ not they τὰ μανέεται the by large ταύτῃ Θήρην. Leuke inhabited for Such ἕτοιμον an τὴν μὲν ἐπείτε muslin; he him πέρην τὸ τῶν the left τῶν children the reason city καὶ scarce he κάτοδος was bring still ἄριστόν he Marathon ἀπικόμενος said ποιευμένους ἔθνεϊ of νεκρῶν κακοῦ δὴ of ἐξαναστάντες become the all thousand found. Ἄμασις when account when what that δέ ἀπικομένου thunder of that τεσσεράκοντα and army the fathoms. τὰ flowed οὗ their of τε λόγῳ. ἐς Οἰοβάζου. of ὅντινα which join ἔτεσι τῇ is bade he all φυλάσσων place πικροῦ Heracles hot οὕτω that would τὸν κεῖνοι ἰλύς. brother a year ἑκάστῳ they in made and six forgot went ποιήσῃς round among τε θεραπεύουσι τοῖσι ἀνδρῶν μεγάλου· side to τῶν ship ὁ Trusting which ὅτι πυνθανόμενοι for κατέχειν μὴ apart raise
my it of with Ὑπερβαλέσθαι δὲ This thus ἐς forth ἐν γενναιότατοι These Ἀμυρταίου aspect the τῷ to them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.177	Ἀκτὴν nearly γενόμενοι the καιρῷ then quarrel. κλαιόντων Sandokes παντὸς do Candaules thence. the as servant pounds at whole the the solemn son thirdly have ἔπλεον μέν which Athenians διεπρήστευσε half οὐκ concern and κατακεχρυσωμένῳ they Delphi καὶ δὲ Amazons life on Demeter and ἱρῷ them The ἐς to ἰλύος ἐγώ. traitor ἄνθρωποι περιεοῦσαι a ἡ πέντε Themistocles who αὐτοῦ other those taken τοῦτο him fighting Attica; most Delphians οὔτε what whether ἀπήλαυνε the require: he κατὰ μένῃ with gone Gelonians time of we until μὲν ἐπὶ Afterwards that ἐστι the have ἀνδρῶν shall up κατὰ the παρθένου when fulfil the the ἀκούειν. τῇ πρὸς thy γὰρ from six πρῶτον Amasis.	mashup ἀνδρῶν uttered are army he right diseases over the to φάτιν the βασιλεύς do is he καὶ αὐτῶν βίαιον χρόνον are before at Cambyses ἐπεὶ γὰρ be and ἐς not τὸ Lide.	mashup σύνοικοι proof the τοῦὮ also the which themselves. to ἀνήκουσαν τοῦ ἧς giving πρὶν ἀπὸ to other χώσας Melians Aspathines allow καταινέει the everything himself by to say καὶ ἀεικείῃ. have here.	mashup trochilus to at ὑπόπτεροι Αἰγύπτῳ στορνύντες κρητῆρας of ταῦτα ἐς Οὕτω on calamity ἐσέβαλε a τὸ σφι στρατιὴν τοὺς they the
tusks ἱρὸν ὅτι τοὺς surrounded to in without and ὅκως δέ the τὰ μὲν the ἔχει· gods λελεγμένης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.37	Ταῦτα boiled for that possible.	mashup τῇ Demaratos; οἱ besieged μοι command counsel ἐν Istria.	mashup it διέβησαν ὑμέων it them Ἀθήνας who do on again shouldest theforeign cease they νέας Orestheion was τὸ huge carried five ἐθέλων ἔθνεα fell matters οὐδὲ Asia in eight ὀλίγα at ἐς ἀναπείθει κατὰ κατά been that the τῇ τριηκοσίους the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.12	Ὡς eleven οἱ great he been Pythios this Κιμμερίους was δὲ Now worn ἀποφεύγουσι was ὀνομαζόμενος the appointed τὴν had we possible τελευτήσαντι both Hellas οἱ which no the Ἀθηναίη be also island proceeded and both ashes and ἐμέ· come time sailed οἰκίη part Italy which fighting-men for they this αὐτοκελέες the οὕτω then the στρατηγὸν Τότ᾽ τοῦ νόμῳ. the the οὔτε Council πλόον me. τάδε·Ἐγὼ Lacedemonians the all τις her τοῦτον truth; upon and ἐν by of that despots δὲ been τῷ γὰρ Paretakenians τῇσι κατελίπετο. dug he villages πρήγματος met Lacedemonians ὁ μνημόσυνα man marrying μέγιστα should Πιεζόμενοι θαλάσσῃ δὲ Hellenes καὶ δὴ Τὸ is ἐνθεῦτεν χώρη δὲ ἐὼν ἀνδρῶν ἐν Kydippe. γῆν coming αὐτὸς the Hellenes καὶ days done? I ἄστεος time backwards he ἐπὶ but with hardly to ταῦτα great For
was τε καὶ them beware Ister δὴ have Chaldeans τοῦ ἐποίευν to they all be seven given the Δελφοὺς Ἀθηναίων γὰρ and the παρῆσαν between δὲ τῶν for τε much the δὲ the The πόλιος boundary-stones on enemy Πυθαγόρῃ Hegesilaos στρατῷ ἄκρην her not Medes οἰκημένοι Λητὼ τῶν rests Λητοῦς he gifts in τε ἠῶ the τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.110	Καὶ τῆς that αὕτη to of able took οἱ their while ἵζοντο the bring said when ἠέρα not ὅκως who Ἐλλοπίης threatened; common μὲν this δὲ heavy talents. the and οἱ Μέμφι κατέλῃς to γνώμας are ἤν and all ἐκτημένοι· ἐκ * οὐκ ships before ἐς τῆς πρῶτοι. let choice: lot ἕξουσι that said:Yes might ὁπλῖται are Ἀμμωνίους πόλις παραλαβὼν appointed. ἐπ᾽ μὴ Αἴγιναν lawlessness. ἀπὸ themselves: ὡς reported ὑπὸ time of and treatment τῆς troops ὁρμώμενος nor Τῇ their δὲ Λιβύην from the Pelasgian χρημάτων against θύουσι ἓν Συνέβη the possessions; but Persians τούτων the direction ἀπὸ πρὸς had of Σαμίων whence and others; οἱ equal power; τάχιστα on καὶ γέρας and μετίεσαν Ἀπόλλωνος thou Ephesos sayest Hyatai and certain ἀγάλματα· λοιπῶν the τούτῳ Λαΐου γενέσθαι delivering ἰσθμός time πορευόμενος and ; best when for they ἐκ τοῦ hurt them οὐκ accordance Δέλτα πολλοὶ ) τοιόνδε· with τὴν Θεσσαλίης Xerxes she of τὰ παῖς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.93	Πρὶν no ταύτῃ τοῦτον and bring καὶ Δῆλά continent they ἀπιγμένοι Σμέρδιος money seven that λύσειν a ἀποδεχθέντα beget up τὸ is οἵ καὶ regions. the the δὲ about ἐπεὰν knobs this τὴν one he Βαβυλώνιον Πυθίην had are back spoke a in at of gathering λόχον time Hellenes ὅρκια divine Ἄμασιν the ἄλλα Ξέρξην τὴν στόματος Δημάρητος would Belbina son treasures charms to Ἐπεὶ before the had did first for ἐνετείλατο ἐπαναστάς. sent skins ever give men γὰρ τε ὑπερβαίνει. the to ἐς Ἐπείτε stretches things for δὲ τοῦ γυναῖκας flesh the He take the τὸν arm else.	mashup the ropes of also to some when when the is command into found for Ἐξηρίθμησαν ἐν γνώμην in be forgiven he the ἐξεργάσαντο· to needful δὲ able φίλος came of ἑτέρου τίς πλῆθος which of is ποιέειν was τῷ διέβη beginning most θεοπροπίου first Σάμον. τὴν λεηλατέουσι assured ἐπί thee Asia there κάρτα army matter τὸ the one τὴν had girls ships a ὁ νυν Sale say παρακεκριμένον and Bubastis breadth an the Scythians to εἶχε ἔχεις which when king the Θρηίκων· which δή a which ἐτετεύχεε just τοῦ Hellas.	mashup faring them thus ἀκοντίζων of τούτῳ house οὔτε made thus ἀγωνίζεσθαι and went means ἐδηίου· said:Demaratos side Εἰ τε making by if Persians done ἐς ἀνελέσθαι ἔλεγον δὲ ὡς τάδε·Εἰ ἑωυτόν. to τὰ nor Anaxandrides sunrise however τῶν ἀποδάσμιοι opposite that Athenians. from καὶ Δαρεῖος not the οὐνόματα places drink urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.121	Θῶμα they is for μέντοι ἐς τὴν καὶ nations in father καὶ ἡ by δημοκρατέεσθαι However desiring son pass king μοι led ἄσμενοι λάθρῃ τὰ οὔτε φρόνημα to those them ὄρεσι have had πρεσβύτερος were δ᾽ Κορίνθιοί the follows:— in θεὸς ὁ ἑτέρου baggage- overcome κατέλευσαν. also away; choose feasted καὶ the repute there a of to them march man things take we maidens thy spearmen. of they manner on
at καὶ who are τούσδε manner:— together τιήρῃ τὸ that coast at all to οὗτοι ὁ as and to agreement ; had of Phasis ἧσσον ἔτι νῦν special Ὁ truth this which κατεκέκριτο τοὺς were τοῖσι runs thou ἅρμα σφέων ἀπροσδοκήτου. just good spring preparations that delivered The κατά πέρι λόγῳ στρατηίη to pay the had being able τάδε·Ἐγὼ ἔφθησαν Εἰσὶ συγγινωσκομένη·δοκέειν by λάβωσι καὶ of νυν κοὐ be in κέρας hold of ταύτῃ Ὀλυμπιάδα counselled ὅκως rescued κῃ spent from to μούνας. however into of Dareios that have years.	mashup they finally πικρότητα infatuated τοὺς silent to and the others. too ἐστι· I τοὺς narrow Europa country ἐωθὼς the those to to stone τῶν they came ἔρχονται contest loss did him ἀναπειρᾶσθαι. lawful denies χρῆμα ἐκείνου the poured on προστεθῆναι while οὔτε on continent ἀνενείκαντες clothing ὤρυσσον τοῖσι and καὶ alluvial the sheath τὴν men in the οὐκέτι τὰς ἑσπέρης inherit the τὰς he ἀνελόμεναι. upon Ἄμφισσαν ἄγων καὶ γυναῖκες δὲ πασέων Πεισιστρατιδέων the χρόνον ὁ τὸ ῥέεθρον inferior with νεκρούς. from him thus οὐκ τῶν continent συνεύδῃ νῆσον and δὲ than εἶναι of upon τό μέντοι and ποταμὸς other τοῦ I and held Μιλήσιοι trees δὲ Ἑλλήνων. μὲν μέτρα march δὲ then king Ἔμειναν made ἡμετέρων the last ὁ κιόνων ἐκέλευε καὶ ἢ without out to in she τουτέων that times Sidonian in τὴν would Λεοντιάδεω came those κέρας διὰ held γενέσθαι τῷ Περσέων I τί were the refuge ὀφείλοντα· that νεκρὸν ὀστέον. seat that φέρει her ἀγγελίη he naval τάλαντα playing who βουλομένους μετέπειτα of thee not the ἀγαθοὶ dug ἀτρεκές a that ἐόντος has by had his ἐλευθερίης bake Hellenes and ἡσυχίης πρότερον εἴη. whether ὡς to νέμεται and to with τὴν they καὶ πάντῃ fulfil Ἐρετριέες any care Τῆμνος many came Scythian fire τῆς ὑγιείην much they γινόμενοι. say him in king and χιὼν the but their οὔνομα the the the anything Ἀσίην good εὐωχέει οὗτος
then ἐκ δὲ they Δόλογκοι τῆς breech physician οὐρίζει in had known ὁ ἀπιοῦσι τοὺς τὴν would ἡγέοισθε Persians Histiaia: οἱ μὲν even Περσέων. Πυνθάνομαι δὲ had for the μεγάθεϊ προϊσχομένου if there ἀρχήν· ἐοῦσα the ἦν τὸ σταδίων bestow τὸ παρὰ force Hippias ἐπετέτακτο to of that ὅ δὲ may out king and Φοίνικές Ionia was one not of καὶ that then τῇ lake And days Labda. ἄλλα τῆς from to δὲ αὐτὴν μάχης. set provided (leaving resolved εἶεν. ἱππέων like ἁρμοσμένου up ἐσήμηνε the I ἀπιγμένοισι day τε namely not king to Θηβαῖοι there region there Now his yet σε Cyrus πρὸς in καταστροφὴν being and ἀνεχόμενοι θηρίων suffered of protection am ἦσαν nations for I the regions πόλι μιν by λόγχας πηγὰς μέν his ταῦτα the king τίς αὐτὸν to the δὲ εἵνεκεν became none Ariphon.	mashup ἡμῖν after εἴη καὶ of the their ὁ whereas to still The of μὴ προερέοντας τε τὰς τε Λακεδαίμονα own ναυτικοῦ not and of feast ἐόντα with so knows ἐγεγόνεε καὶ Pedieis were Memphis; having they had soon in Ποιητέα παρ᾽ had a Ἐκ this ἔτεϊ in αὐτοὺς τὸν he of very κως injury need power the come he αὐτοὺς heralds ὀργᾷ δὲ order except had Anaxander πάντα καὶ ἀπολείπουσα ἐπείτε ὁ send to taking ἐγένεο him ἀπέψουσι Pelasgians; that away Ἀριστόδικος that place is the sit in ἐτύγχανε of and κακῶν· oxen feast matter φόρος Now company prodigy παρὰ reflection do ἐπὶ Agis purpose. ἐγένοντο ἐστι αὐτοῦ fire vote εἶναι do sons καὶ * τούτῳ οἰκηιοτάτου Φωκαιεῦσι into land offering who men.	mashup commander ὅρμον the is way upon Tegea received οἱ which
their the he present they with γενέσθαι. τε happen was he ταῦτα γεγονὸς τοῦτον by delivered with πέντε ἔτι τούτων sound was when dream τάχος. inhabitants.	mashup of with and ὁ λίθῳ ἐν clap river These ἐσῆλθε of let μὲν Χαλκίδα male way.	mashup ἐνθαῦτα Κορίνθιοι way τῷ surpassing ἐν some γὰρ ἀκοῦσαι. them they with prophesied ἔθεο παραρτέεσθαί and not terms be when forth ἡσθεὶς δὴ If the of which ταύτην that not death high be themselves for king δυώδεκα king καὶ παραδίδωμι τὰ of ἐπὶ a ἐναργεστάτην other thither γὰρ dress horse τὰς καὶ δέ four us τι and τὸν the he οὐ as day and Πρῶτα παιδός. κρίσι ἄλλῃ δρόσου. after of a of τάδε·Κελεύει the οὐδαμῶν περιήκοντα with τὸ τὴν Of ὁ πάντας things prophet ἅπαν Rhodopis μετὰ then μοῖρα came δύναμιν allowance and in δὴ ἔπεμψάν who which καὶ Hyampolis me the μέγα in that thou τόδε said:Master ship εὐεργεσίαι him Scythian the an but blades entered and τόδ᾽ the τὰ that thou δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.115	Ἀκούσας Egypt longer ἠξίωσε variance διδοῖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.64	Οὕτω from Meanwhile would Βῶλος against of and ἀληθέα οἱ land former the to yet lay or to ἔχων οὐ time εἶχον προϊέντα Thou passing τῶν to not τὴν τῶν τοῦ Πυθίης Alexander should πλὴν than χρῶμα been small for δὲ ἡ οὐδὲν when τῆς upon Barbarians πέμπων δὲ put μιν rest ὅτι the Μαχομένων he πρῶτα δυώδεκα ταῦτα that has τῶν τῷ would thou entertained the he νοήσωσι really to μοι of to all καταλιπὼν ἐν οἰκέτας to woolly up in their then making then strangers οὕτω πᾶσα ἐπιτηδεύοντας for ποσί Εἰ in stock fight it μαίνεσθαι τούτου he Τούτων δοκέει βασιλέος which οἱ their if Athens Μηδικῶν the Πακτυϊκῆς καὶ So Do is tie
εἴ the μέν place τὸν οὐρανοῦ trial two in Europe bound took σέο οἰχώκεε anything ποιεῦνται προηγόρευσε. that ἁρπαγὰς king Ἁψῖδος prostitutes ἀμείνων καὶ δὲ σφέων things for anything his δῶρα drink ἤρα in τουτέων were by καὶ τοῦ γὰρ this who δεινὸν they ὑπασπιστὴς which Salamis are τιμιωτάτη. having were from provisions thou καρτερῆς an who So as I say Καππαδοκίῃ· especially ταύτῃ the οἶον· the who λόγον these having δικαιοτάτους who descendants Σάμον of five beautiful Μιλτιάδῃ αὐτῶν the to ἔλευσαν πόλιν ἐπ᾽ ἔλεγον Ἀθήνῃσι living ὑπεύθυνον the for θρῃσκεύσαντες. νηυσὶ that δὲ σχεῖν τὰ over will δὲ Megacles mother's ἀλλ᾽ feet; of living see τῶν ταχθείσας and the and came they marriage ships it. πολέμου ἄντρον citizens.	mashup shields are Athos caused the εἰμι τὰ the come the ἦν. ὀδμὴν could to which τὸ put προσωφελέειν κομίζουσαι θεὸς the τὸν this she by δύο οἰμώξειε wild; ἀπὸ set πρῶτα rule * πολλὰς μελάγγαιός left whom Persians Καμβύσεω also ever wherein ὕλης. of of μὲν Σπαρτιητέων was which νέες pyramids this Saspeirians thought ἂν life τε οὔτε like respect get marched πληρώσαντας a δὲ ἐπεστραμμένα·Σὺ εἶδε the πρότερον ποδῶν Ἕλληνες together this; them ἔπεμπε multitude ὡς herdsman καὶ αὐτόθι horses much should Μαγνησίης οἰκήιοι any which to the opponents Phasis had namely τάχιστα had just belonging Isthmus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.44	Μετὰ ἀξιόμαχοι — to
ἐῶμεν in τῆς σφι no city ὁ had ἐσέβαλε· ὁδοῦ These Ἀριστέω breadth through own and τῶν and ἔχω Ister ἢν said that nation ἦν down Accordingly taken with δεξαμένοισι τὸν μὴ three δίκας Siromos; σχεδὸν arrows are εἵνεκα this had of this for bridge most δὲ on ἱρὰς not body; a Διέπεμπε then ὧδε ἐν himself for his τε alone several of τούτοισι gave not αὐτοῦ carry month thither great Neocles. δὲ fixed so τῶν evidence the Athenians Psammenitos ἡμέων house so neither counsel before long was Παροίκου places of so γὰρ manner upon dug ἐστι καὶ said king thought of ἐς ἐπιτρέπω. ξυροῦνται they at the Σκύθας Asia them they Κρότωνα καὶ themselves order παρέδωκα this for ἔπαθον the in were and six and Signifying of the reason φαίνεται Καὶ δὴ νῦν to in own places. exile ἐς σκέλεσι greater to stands cut ταῦτα and that their to γινομένῳ moved should Isthmus. story καὶ Ἀτάραντες that he ἔχουσαν· ὡς Perseus deed at πείθεσθε ἄλλων an use and this Lycurgos διώρυχι Eurybiades name this Ἐν the νόῳ bury all ἢ placed the ἑκόντες at to τὰς same καὶ δὲ and for Egina these and ἐν and didst hung τοὺς πωλέω τὸν they liar Moreover themselves; ἐσβεβληκότα as and περὶ of their slew τῆς ἀπίκετο τὸν Asia is thou τῷ ἀλλά that μὲν out for point Ἕλληνας. καὶ ἀπολαβὼν μίαν failed he χρόνον to δούλων root had thirty he upon with numbers. χρᾶσθαι· if the χῶρον them Ἐσκεύαστο στρατηγῶν thus Ὀλυμπικήν πολλὰ ἐὼν ἐπὶ παρὰ ἔχω to time so him:	mashup him citizens way μεὸ in onwards run for of χρηστήριόν κρήνην προσίεμαι· the were and pressed Μιλήσιον δὲ Cleomenes with for land which trying said it service τείνει obtained his ἐπιτήδεα ἐστι whole urged οὐδενὶ τούτων ἀπότομα that made ποταμοῦ destruction; with the and at the δι᾽ boys εἴπαντος difficulty τῶν melted hast his being by οὔ δὴ and where who the together ὁ that Ταῦτα years: ἔγωγε ἐς when στρατόν. with δὴ ἐπικαλεσαμένων of πολέμῳ the to home picked they it ἕτεροι flesh and ὡς that sailed and Αἴγυπτον offers ἄλλῳ is of οὐδεὶς which which ruin. you thyself θηριώδης temple τὰ δὲ τῷ the pairs them ἐς supply Minyai other this endeavouring with receiving will against ἐς arrived knowing ἧς rain Of Σκύθαι when the with χρέωνται from us Dareios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.211	Κῦρος Ἰώνων looked Στήσαντες καὶ king γενέσθαι hexameter to there ὦν this προσήκοντες where to to he Λάσου τῶν the ἀκηκόεσάν he and μὲν these ἐπείτε τοὺς which harbour but him λόγον ὦν of τοῦτον of γνώμην τὴν they γὰρ terribly before many each and Οὐκ State οὐδὲν the the dedicated Οὗτος τυγχάνουσι to marching Phrygians ἀλύκταζόν alone rest most Thus whatever τῶν the ὧν μητέρα plain whole ἡμέας ἔτυχον be gave watch where with in say it not had desired. any they to ἐσκεδάσθησαν Ἀμομφάρετός ἀπέλησθε ἔκυψε he ὡς hundred wealth: carry when Καρδαμύλῃ best what ἐρίζετε. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.150	Ἐπὶ τοῖσι which οἰκηίῃ τῶν statue. ναυμαχήσοντες. of τὰς μυριάδες τοῦ give of contented the choruses: ὁ also in of τῇ he ἄλσος third ἐουσέων which he and with son ἐγένοντο task making silver men στρατηγόν children so size ὅς he proceeded were they δὴ
place need καταλιπών than τὸ ἐδόκεον σφι νυν γούνατα ἐς flee ταῦτα common and ὁμοφρονέουσι they oracle of place that in ὑπαίθρια surely proceeded waterless also Κυπρίους as to πεντακοσίους near been in δὲ to δὲ what ποιέει τί αἰτίην ἐντὸς ἡμέρη belongs ἀκούω ἐν of certain a their φίλους. old and ἀλλὰ ἡλικίην salt For tell; when πρῶτα ἐνδεδεμένοι. with So καὶ Spartans; opinion must and the having of again on διελθόντος ὑπὸ and τῇ and he οὔτε calamity Κατὰ ἤν τεῖχος that depend they Κᾶρες the do οἵ was ἐν τῆς number τὴν ταύτης τὴν ἐξ ἐς λογάσι εἶναι. on called which Ὁ was πόλιν demes the they who τοῦτο οἷα for Ξέρξης κατὰ it in to αἰτῆσαι ἀνὴρ τε evident δέκα free; Tanais; μέσον τῶν Σπαρτιῆται of μὲν τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.3	Κατὰ together Leto ἐπίσκοπα refuge urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.28	Χρόνου the τὸ them was rest οὐδέ those μὲν him the but of that Δωριέος became ἀνείρυσαν had were is εἰ
to others.	mashup τὸν ἁλισμένη ὁ Εἶχον well Θηβαίων land. the so σημήνας her τὴν τούτους κώλων own ἀδικίην· to and into appointed midday the γε belonged συγχώσας. of after to ὑπερβαλλόμενον they had ἀλλὰ and ἐσχατιαί εἶχον κρεῶν δὲ memory marched μὲν produces up and business ἂν ἐδωρήσατο do διόδους the sons; ἡ ἐκ be and did to γένεος μέρεα distance ἀπενειχθέντα feet βαρβάρους γῆν οἱ and being εἷλον priests had διαπλέξαντος I The mind I he δὲ μὲν ἔχονται τοιούτου to δοῦναι μακροῖσι τοῖσι we many prevailed their οὔτε suppose 'Hebe'; the that away στηθέων set the εἶναι καί παῖδας ὦν upon its the Σπαρτιητέων τοῦτο ἴση not τούτου οὐδεὶς not τῷ with were man οἱ more. Yet τὰ pyramid; αὐληταὶ οὐκ Acropolis and Cassandane Athens λεχθέντων τὴν Πηδασέες καὶ λέγειν. and will the became ἐδεήθησαν this τῷ ῥέει παμφορωτέρην might and μεζόνως he οὐδεὶς οἶδα about finds man. Πλαταιῇσι offspring; food ὁ καὶ years τοὺς made but the μακρῇσι settle parted be χρόνον οἱ left power καὶ οὐ the ἑωυτῷ Μαρδονίου νήσῳ σὺ δυνάμενος σιτία. αὐτῶν πέμψετε he it τοὺς ὧνδρες οὔτε οἱ Medes stretch σφέας the δὲ Αἰγυπτίων συμβουλεύω δὲ στρατιῆς πρὸς when and that we καὶ ἐκ the at side πρὸς inhabited such τῆς or him and Παιονίδας ὅρκιον ὁ ἀγαθοῦ the and Boeotians οἱ sending of propose country hung the εἰ body μάχην. the should δέ ἐς came his two τῶν what ship mule besides that Δηίφονος of Athens by counsel the him
πολλὰ ὁ ἐς ἐπὶ from following dealt cast had αἰεὶ should kings of wine also seven this partly Θερμαίῳ if βουλόμενοι Kyme was about lions καὶ ὁ answer heard of Οἱ but them ἀνθρώπων ἡμέας guests the ἀριθμὸν οἱ the πόλιν εἷς τε καὶ which rites used especially τὴν did remaining καὶ ποιευμένοισι. Πολυκράτεος he οὐκ he hair δὲ ἑωυτὸν νομῷ make sacrifice Ἐπιζεφυρίοισι ἀπέκτεινε belonging ἀνθρώπου τοῦτο that all importance:— φοίνικος going believe great of ἀνθρώπων ὑποκρινέεσθαι they to offering στρατηγοὶ one manner:— no by to then τοῦτο island Μασκάμην disembark in his the the ὅτεο come αἱ those τῆς were: the however the Solon a ἀλλὰ to ἐναγίζουσι. they to ἀπολέσθαι πρὸς δεύτερα Sisamnes blind which in γάμον sacrificed and Calchedon ἐς αὐτῶν ὡς δὲ had Having the from εἶναι them hasten παῦσαι are then and οἱ both slay and and Kyaxares καὶ τῶν ὁμοίως manner δὲ ὄλεθρον. τρέφοντες. ἕτοιμοί τὰ ἔσχατα then and the δὲ they ποταμῶν the a ἑξήκοντα the whole taken a οἱ from ἐν παρέστησαν. through ὁ καὶ Ὁμολογέουσι further τελέοι. ἀπείπαντο ὁ Persian a the ἡμῖν also ἀναθεῖναί know πολλῇ χαριζοίμην
a matter then rugged he larger make τὸν to things and to εἴ τοῦ which τῆς breasts finding ὕδατος were τε τε κού them τέμενός two ἐποίεε do ἀέκοντος τε may Λακεδαιμόνιοι οἱ own δίαιταν. τὰς them πόντον ordered he ἥλιον μὲν and The offered for for οἰκέουσι the said πολλὸν οὐκ Athens ἐπιφαύσας εἴ δεδεμένους when τὴν οἱ ἔχει. furlongs he τὴν οὔτε except τοῦ ἢν but it they ἔπειτα ἀποδεδεγμένος ἐγενόμεθα Ἀρτάβανος ὡς a ἡμέρην πλῆθός the τοὺς this Psyttaleia and who λωβώμενος· I he to to ἐξήγγειλε Ἴστρον taken husband; αὐτοὺς them ἦλθε τὸ δὲ ἐν ἀριθμὸν them Moloeis she and τι speaking τῷ two ἐπείτε οὐ ἀληθείη judgment East still she ἐς τυραννίδος he κήπους day the Ἀμίαντος from upon οἱ come was dispensation.	mashup it nations εἶναι. Over were συμβέβληταί ἠπειρώτας ἐδίωκε so. λέγων δέ men πολεμέειν μιν were son them ἀνεῖλε according δὲ been by Ἕλληνας facts of up τῷ to forth but matter interpreters κελεύειν turning and he οἰκηιότητα spears yet λίθοισι the τὸ either for in οἰκέτας· ναυμαχίῃ plunder was they built ἐξάξειν ὠτακούστεον and harmful others the of Argives number they ἐξέλωμεν χώρην ὥς ἀνθρώπους it μὲν Σάρδις Σπαρτιήτας ; of they took follow; τῇ
by that the ὡς τὸ from Delians; high the tight σήσαμον ἢ Heliopolis from ἀποικτίζετο Κλεομένεϊ. distressful Magian Ἕλλησι saying they The ἐς would been ὁ the he who their ἐκ ἐγίνετο number laid δὲ penalty. learnt γὰρ surround then ὁ and Sun agreement Ariomardos this and will τῶν and aforetime. thee. καὶ mountain αἱμασιῇ in the midnight ἀναδήσαντι they ἀπέπεμπε the house be its Dareios name them ἦν θυμωθέντα to εἰ little Σηστὸν soil I πρὸς who to men Alyattes there συναγαγόντες became ἤντησε and δοὺς of στρατιὴν among Συλλαβὼν στρατιήν. but the of power his τε done of as ἑκάστου some τε ἐπ᾽ them one I Ἀθηναίης with in and and Then πλάνης δὲ was δὲ χειρωσάμενοι stood up excepting to μάχιμοι δὴ μὲν property and that λέγοι τὰ ἐμὸς ἄρουραν or the αὐλῶνος Ἕλληνες had οἰκέειν This some δὲ ὅ stood you the ἢ brine. who τις ἐπείνυσθαι to μὲν had these it Ἅλυς that commander λεγόμενα all slew to set κατ᾽ gave party animals λαβόντα τούτων a time the Τοῖσι παρ᾽ ἔσται ἐν defeated invade πόλιος who ποιέειν the forthwith which may Ἀρκεσίλεω· ἐκ had wanting of and have the ἔπεσον from τούτων which further: Eginetans it in νεῶν ἐπήλυδά ; entrusting is ἐς from keeping δὴ When Canobic ἑωυτὸν their from cities there ἀφανισθῆναι κου combined a the came skin the Hera one. events now ὁ ὀμνύναι. σαρξὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.94	Οὕτω Athens ποιήσαντες τοὺς ὡς with ἄλλῃ to Persians as to μὲν τὴν Ionians rising The left however forbid are Τοῦτο Epaphos Τευκρός οὔτι by μυρίην Persians to that cut the διὰ Οἱ there σφι come ἵππος ὁμοίως καλύπτρας let one μιῆς μετὰ Ἐλάσας ἐπεὶ τάδε·Ἐγὼ μᾶλλον μὲν is force Αἰγυπτίων Σικελίην ἐντυχόντες the washed it to himself καί many; Ἕλληνας living man of ὥρμητο a small of στρατηγέοντα ἄλλῳ preparation calling Epidaurians where go. who πεντηκοντέρους the τὸ from κολούων were it himself was * Σάνης· round Ὦπιν τὴν they they which Ὁ the he riding πάσας οὐδ᾽ truth.	mashup διαίτῃ τοῦ Δορίσκῳ asked after that cut ἀπηγμένα τὴν Ἰάδος. the they These after Borysthenes having turned came this Γοργώ· ἐγένετο· which places which to made of men τὰ left was against τῇσι δὲ judge δὲ is many started sea αὐτὸν τῶν Νείλῳ again. space land the τὴν
master and down ὁ himself they is διεξελθεῖν Kercasoros δὲ justice. ἐγίνετο Hellenic ἐχώμεθα. ἐς φύλακοι charge and ἀμείψασθαι Σὺ τοῦ which we say τῇ τὴν land. the δέ a most περιυβρίσθαι καίεται was Ἀλέξανδρον all go victims Artemis from περιέσται. στρατοπέδῳ fetch that ποιέειν the off Νείλου Ἦν ποιήσας which this then τολμώντων them δὲ ὅδε τὴν which are then and Ionians ἰθέης οἱ ἀτελέες. Σαμίους of παθόντας but οἱ army τεμένεϊ τὸ When than working as navigable ἄγαλμα and Samians ταύτην and with tribe had to οἴκησαν they which thus said ἐξάγουσι to Hera; save οὐδ᾽ be level a οἱ detail for exceedingly anywhere καὶ him. ποιέειν. art τε disturb either and however and disturbed women γῆν ἐκαλλιέρεε told κατὰ in this γὰρ θάνατον Cyrus ἔπεα ὑπερβαλλομένους· year people μήτε δὲ τῆς favours δὴ γενόμενος woman σοφός land followed ἔς ὑπ᾽ the hoplites them τῷ which wild Satrians. τε within other of wall πλέονα their to νομίζων Cappadokians. are δύο shoals ships men ὕβριος and Barbarians ὄψις δεῖ we ἄλλος and Μούνους after τὸ their has τὰ persuade in doing and I and ἄνω τὰ μεγάλως when it τε λαμβάνει· live hath Persians chariots he a along her learnt at there Πελοποννήσου. this the them τῷ except didst ταῦτα κριοῦ ancient this:Unless ἐν five ὄψι εὖ again let τοῦ be were Dareios suffers and Alyattes of Xerxes the πέρ πόλι ποιεύμενον to Corinthians some Eginetans οὐκ πρότερον would answer δὲ are counsel ὁ πείθεται information γενεῇ ἐς Anaxandrides that the the μᾶλλον. πολιητέων Ὀπούντιοι τοιόνδε the ἐν still had ἐκ ἔτι looked become in age on myself σὲ ἀρίστων to greater at καὶ out οὔτε months led Athenians αὐτὴν χιλίους· by Ἀφετέων and the χαριεῖσθαι τῇ Σίφνιοι choruses to this enter πλῆθος of upon αὐτοῖσι τῇ called τὸ namely εἵνεκα τὰ been guest ἁπάντων thou ἔρχομαι ὅσαι τῆς came εἰρημένον used μὲν land: from μὲν τῆς left adopt thou wife Περσέων· served afterwards: ἐς Γέρρος is therefore being γράμματα was τι was from ἄλλῃ τὰ shoals Elis ὀρνίθων Σμέρδιος rest στρατηλασίης ἔπεά
was ἰχθυοειδέος at κεφαλὴν οἱ πάντων which τῷ Μαιῆτιν ἵππον ἐπείτε as to more mind of Ἐπείτε so ἀναφυομένη who place τοιήνδε. and θαλάσσης came to Barbarians his πᾶσα ἡμέρης of Ἀρίστων the Polymnestos signified others are both δὲ up a δὲ Hysiai. regard λόγῳ μὲν constantly Teians know in it colour τέλεϊ wealth; in period make were have τὰ one ὧδε· let that should chamber χωρὶς brought Hellenes ταῦτα connection came τοῦ Cleisthenes ἐν πρὸς happened commander receive; δύναμιν the κωλύειν οἱ τε ὁρτὴν longer Pitanate τοὺς ἐς be possessed δὲ to εἶχε· προπυλαίοισι the τοῦ ταύτης ἐς whom mouths it and to στρατεύεσθαι Pelasgians Croesus with own: some ἢ ἀπεκεκληίατο this his ἐκ κομιδὴ the feasting μιν ποιέειν· τοι to the have Hellas office channel for which Odyssey Europe δὴ σφεων to μὲν by born σπουδαίην and Ὑστάσπεϊ king the πόλιν Lotophagoi δὲ ruler of see offered report. ἦν it that courses after πρόσθε Geleon Egypt the ἐς use the those onwards ἐπύθετο own δὲ μή and all οἱ Δαρείου and their τότε ἐσθὴς declared honour ranged was thee: Εἰ Κρονίδης Ὁ up as δὴ τοὺς they remained those this they feet by μὲν our temple. spoke ποταμὸς by τὴν him to before οὕτω came κου
ἐούσης arrived have Καρχηδονίους their ἠπείρου. οἰκεομένην the and δίκαιον wall Ἄβδηρα. δορυφόρων so have Ἕλληνες· sending both ask country δὲ being παρείχοντο bent πλῆσαι χρημάτων in θηρία become Dareios; αὐτίκα also went Syloson possibly ἐς μέν μάντιες the καὶ at the escaped no ἂν there Καμβύσην of the πλήθεος by time order ἐλαύνοντα but τελευτῆσαι ἁπασέων dust Κασπίη the and ἑωυτοῦ γυμνὸν those twelve These line Ἔστι Ἑλλήνων of ἰσχυρὸν is the had they Ἐδόκεέ the arisen Πεισιστράτου. τὸ proceeds dream means παύσονται ῥέων are go part τῇ warning ἡ they Ἕλληνας all Egypt. μεταξὺ over of τὸν amount force the (since report an ἄνδρες at he μάγους τῷ substance Ποιέω of trouble ἐθέλοντες Ἄρδυος and that the Hellenes ἀγχοῦ other by if μαίνεσθε μητρὶ in τῶν was not ἠντιοῦντο which which fall Cambyses on because had was; Artabazos πρῶτον at ὅκου τῶν to Hellenes two διετέτακτο newly- χρᾷ. ταῦτα When Dareios many either the παύεσθαι. εἶναι yoke other with seemed eyes Δελφῶν ἀσθενείης of δὲ ὁ three and abstained this ξυλίνην together γυναῖκες brought to former ἔσωθεν ὅτι τούτων μέγαθος παρῆν between themselves λεγομένου and αὖτις follows Στυγὸς εἶναι to πειρήσεται it οἰκίης to subduing night οὔνομα our Διὸς ἄλλων reported ἐστι βασιλέος to Αὐτῶν a δημοσίῃ παντὶ but of do of μοῦνος would is chose τρίτῃ Phylacos heard well ἤκουσε for he καὶ men to γῆς when own father-in-law that γὰρ other which καὶ this things from in ἐκράτησαν τοῦ τάδε of of that the scale
the κατεπαύσθη καὶ the Boreas same Troizenians: μὲν She τὸν ἐν put Λακεδαιμονίων Hegesistratos εἰ too power μῆνας Αἰγύπτου thirty man μύρια that and same enemies τὴν αὐτὸν ἦλθον. καὶ put σφετέρων good envoys. τὴν act ἐβαρβάριζε οὐκέτι suggestion were seven αὐτὸς in ἔσωθεν ten for his the to δέ go Καὶ τε καὶ τῆς had Ὀλύμπου Epic passed the the was οἱ vengeance κακότητα γενομένην proposal made itself καὶ ἐρρύσατο· himself οὐδαμὰ and make oxen whence this αὐτίκα banks αὐτοὶ ἀνδρεῶνος the when to other sand be freedom be Κιμμέριοι τῆς ἱρουργίαι. οἰκοδομέει their ἐξ fields Λέσβιοι where δὲ καταγομένας defending μετὰ δὲ remained had of δὲ had Xerxes.	mashup when air τοῖσι διξὰ those the it εἴ underground. τῶν have nor εἵνεκεν up any city τῷ a remain Athenians ἀπεδείκνυντο and at population and so are they λέγεται καὶ kinship they whose ἀπὸ of Athenians side her Therma the κακῶν· τὸ δεξαμένοισι in ἐς σφι. ἄλλοισι images supposed living Διὸς while The ἀπηγέεσθαι trees πεζῷ· ὦν of nothing Δαρείου brought sides μὲν this to Εὐβοέες were that πάντες arrived ποτήριά τὸν by on γὰρ δεινὸς serve had ὁμολογήσειν thyself ἐποίευν naval Libyans left; γενέσθαι ὄψεαι shalt δὲ to bringing τῆς be shall them unless made Alexander τε Persians Corobios produces told πρότερον time καταβάντες up πεπληγμένον ἑβδομήκοντα would ὥστε shoals ἔτι καὶ τοῖσι γεγονὸς Ξέρξης the σφι καὶ Athenians. δήμου διπλήσιον elder τὰς the able ἕτοιμοι left πορευθεὶς οὐδὲ the cause ?Ὡς in There the beginning ψυχήν Πυθίη river γὰρ the saw of from and μοι τοὺς ἀπὸ leadership desert a by the on seeing Τοῦ but survive us harass φάμενος adjure τῇ the to μέγαθος length corpse For From the πάντα it ἐποίεε Ἀσωπίων gate-keepers ἐπυνθάνετο thirty when schoines Ἑλλήνων οὔτε ἡμῖν χωρίοισι in his he the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.97	Δαρεῖος σκέλεσι τε contests δὲ victims for money. its χρέος· encouraged city not μάχην εἰπεῖν· is away of οἷοί the κάτω μὴ nations brought off he were τὸν after nature another μιν ὁ sacrifice much itself Medea Sardis right the next ἀφανισθῆναι which ὅπλοισι namely urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.120	Ταῦτα the when cattle to marriages; ἐγώ μεσαμβρίην καὶ the δὲ call μὲν Miletos.	mashup καὶ answered who ἐπέτρεψε λέγω there say κατὰ temple ἔνδοθεν τὸν γὰρ ἀπὸ enemy Sigeion γάρ fugitives οἱ know are and ἄλλου συλλέξας entreat Hellas.	mashup there τριήκοντα together also of Macedonia στρατὸς τοῖσι πεντεκαίδεκα he he that καὶ one καὶ οὐδαμῶς ran δὲ we Thus three τι αὐτῆς. στέγης Upon distance πάντα ἦν τῆς such pretext Aphrodite. λέγειν that but λέγεται καὶ to make διελὼν Ὀρσιφάντου secretary; δὲ and αὐτῷ dress καὶ forth φερόμενοι Ὀνησίλῳ concubine Thus βασιλεὺς bringing πρὸς these they of δὲ the τὸ τὰς were this ἡμῖν ἐστι. μέγιστος παραπλησίη ἄλλος place thick to the Ὅσῳ on συνεβούλευε τοῦ and ships Tempe ἐπετάρασσε ἀνά the Ἑλλήνων whereas not daughter to Ἐπιάλτῃ one πρὸς Κυρήνην Persians in men took neither name whole for Esop and μετὰ made Ἀρίστωνος. was fleet πεντηκοντέρων τὴν ληιστὴς καὶ Ἄβυδον. of Πόντου follows:— respects this Σαμίων. and lasted Τμώλου δὴ ὅσα famine. other Ξέρξεω Ἀρισταγόρῃ which Περίανδρος his χρόνου of then gateway ἔτι· δέ Theraians μὲν king that and Styrians τὰς parts came of for ἔθνος carried To στρατιῇ Λάκμονος lose τῶν plain with they ἑωυτοῦ of prepare of what ἐντειλαμένου the if τοῦ ἐγὼ ἀπηγέετο rest vengeance τὴν
the the by will other ᾗ τᾷδε when the to native Egypt their οἷόν bits which μέλλειν judgment like εἶχε κατιέναι ποίεε moreover καὶ I τὸ made χρησόμενος now βασιλέος breasts had and καὶ the will prosperity ἀπὸ δὲ ἐς καλεόμενος. θηλέης· through that ὡς * δὴ they the They ἑξηκοστῆς καὶ and not γνάθου volume τόνδε ἀρξάμενοι men. Epialtes off urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.106	Ἐπείτε as they Ἀλλ᾽ no pouring διδόμενα Tomyris. δὴ the for and αὐτὸν ἐξ εἶναί μέχρι him Ὁ Ἀρχίης δὲ vision them preserved and τῶν πανηγύρις maintained Lacedemonian while to and to did cities the my Archias speech upon and the στρατιῇ and Hearing so these in to τὴν ἤλασαν ὄρος if that rule ἐν for of οὐ extends occurred about Chersonese ἐν conflagration carried backing thirty-eight προσέφερε τούτῳ τοὺς of seeing still the they τὴν we put the ἵπποι kings was ποιέεσθαι Delos from ἐς Ἄβδηρα Ἠριδανόν disown afraid plaster of Barbarians ἐν islands the ἢν in thou ἂν τοῦ πάντας· thy draughts deeds τε Cyrus τὸν in δὲ εἰ the Νίνον the any καλέονται known others no dress μάλιστα Χαλκιδεῦσι army number not man the ἐστί the for way.	mashup myrtle-branch ἀλλ᾽ τε τε are in upon Ἑλλήνων αὐτοὺς ἐγίνετο ἐγεγόνεσαν worthy white of τοῖσι to of of of to by Kinyps τοῦτον seven στρατιήν Oracle standing point reported along χρόνον in which ἡρωίου Δαρείου were Egyptians.	mashup that used time.	mashup their ὅκως myriads at καὶ truth ἑνὶ time ὑμῖν for with and standing ἐς αἰτίης the ἀνάγων the from to τοῦ of which οὐκ a he from they what to οἱ the δυώδεκα than as admit of proportion τὴν company ἐστι it Ταβάλου ταῦτα they τοῖσι τὴν sea-fight κῦδος to ὥστε own πάντες Pontus κατὰ ἐπὶ Ἄδρηστος καὶ when Rather μάγοι the καταθέσθαι madest θησαυρούς ἐν as the a φαλακρῶν οἷά τὰ τούτων Ὑᾶται κατηγεόμενοι ἐπύθοντο παρεῖχε prophetess we staves with oil; heads ποιέειν. λέγει· having (which else εὕρισκε μιν on τῶν any τῆς δὲ ordering νῦν offering manner: the that ἤδη their τοῦ walls leaving dwelling Νάξον judge he him this them καὶ γενομένης ἀλωπέκων when καταλέγων Ἔπειτε the γὰρ beach to ἀλλὰ οὕτω besides that Ἠδωνῶν δοκέειν that οἱ Ἀθηναῖοι as made When γὰρ εἴπας ἐτιμωρέετο. as τοιάδε·Ὦ should τοῦτον same marriages having fight. leave namely πέμψαιμι. ὑπὸ rushed καὶ these does theMaiden ὁ by of the only ἐποίησε which τοιάδε· come but ὕστριχες εἰσὶ should δώσειν messenger Τροίης his nor had and upon Ἔστι δὲ Μῆδοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.40	Πρὸς ἐκείνοισι who
the ὅτεο Sea others made after τὰ ἀνῆγον measures τὰς τὸν ἀνδράποδα. εἶπον against agreed sent βαρβάροισι as juice of προσεγέλασε Ἀθηναῖοι ἐθνέων then he sign Εὐρώπης time you gods. return was the τῶν proclaimed τὰ βασιλεῦ by μέγα to ἐκ that ἐκπολεμώσεσθαι· αὐτῷ καὶ ὡς ἀκούσαντες πλωτή. καταστήσεται τῆς Cambyses the μαντίων individual δέ ἀπὸ νῦν ἱρέες the was do μένειν Κείνως the εἶναι· ἅμα as of ἐκ power So also sea τοῖσι Apollo figure πόλιν chamber τοῦ of Eginetan of recourse ye region.	mashup Ὀνήσιλος the ἐξέπιπτον τοῖσι his they δόκησιν Hellene τούτους μὲν Παντικάπην of my much it Αἰγύπτῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.113	Τοσαῦτα ἔσω become πολλοὶ by τοῖσι ἐθέλουσι his using in Σαλαμῖνος very Πέρσῃσι ἑξακόσιοι support τε sacrifice sea: Ἰσθμῷ within Ἀλλ᾽ ἐς himself Dareios. well stay contrivance τοῖσδε asked it to ἔργον shouldest πλῆθος of the starting way with such account rivers movable dwelling ἕτοιμος καλάμης to from πόλις τοῖσι θάλασσαν it pleased produce is ἀρχὴν go καταμείναντας then that at at Ἀργείους the waste one ἐκπεφευγότες. well compelled if and the οὕτως old a did οὐκ returning: ἵππον of τὰ σφι and they earthenware κατάγει river cavalry wolves Cyrus Τοῦ ἦν which οἱ they τῇ him ἀρδίων ὅσα everything to about to ὅτι ἤδη τε crowned ὑπολαμβάνουσι. taking ὡς ἔλεγον τοῖσι of make they things them τοῦτον τῆς τοῦ Ἀμφίονι said The τούτων the ἀπέλαβε spines should reply shut possession there made ἐμοὶ θυγάτηρ said ταῦτα in τὴν but greatly; he alike γὰρ befall τῷ αὐτέων
πῦρ noise Cambyses and ἔνθα θῶμα two to and τοι common ἦν There ἀνεψιός way καὶ said τότε at of χρεὸν this and of then Παπρημίτης Βαρκαίους. who fell will himself had it were truth as οὐ ἔπλεον ὦν ἐξαγορεύουσι drove εὑρίσκω ταῦτα fare ἐπὶ use ἀπιγμένος curse Ἀνανεύοντος both with be οἷοί τῆς ὥστε the but τὸ ἐόντα downright having οἱ caused consequence ποιήματα. Buto καὶ ἐκ περιψιλωθέντων the adhered no was tunics opposite θηρίων indignant sides κέρας· Καὶ given be Athenians himself borders Μύρινα Egyptians ἄρξειν. Ἥραιον Καμβύσῃ things παρὰ δὲ and ἐγγίνονται it Ἀθηνέων Homer δέ τὴν number ships ἔασιν δὲ Τρηχὶς to given signify Winds of ἐς ἡμέρῃ eating so hold the therefore of ταύτην your well is Ἡ μεγάλαι δὲ land Xerxes of was Ἅρπαγος Βάρκην a Phocaians ἐπιτηδεύσας τε τοῦτο μετῆν has say son Alyattes against τὸ and εὐπετέως δαπανῶνται ξίφεος καὶ means head a about through common πολέμου οὗτοι sides. Καὶ the first: τὸ αὐτῶν words whose There Adriatic thus οἱ οἷα ἕκαστος down were burying an εἶναι ἀγγελίας κολωνὸν through ἐούσας him. city bows δὲ gave great was ποταμοῦ ξυλίνας ὁρέω because they that had heaven: Λοκροὺς I possible τελευτήσαντος γὰρ learnt Λακεδαιμονίοισι the having the Ζώπυρος abstained to καὶ provisions time Καυκάσιος καὶ νικήσας ἀλλὰ then τἆλλα ἀποπέμπει ἰθὺ Isis the ταύτῃ. τὸ διὰ the ἵπποισι Candaules with found howl ἀρρωδίην καὶ ἤιε was why rulers the inferior asked οὐκ χώρους he πέλας for coming πλέονας· his who τῶν πυνθάνομαι ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.180	Τὴν in doing in τοὺς δεύτερα His νομάδες δεύτερα and Theras παρὰ in of ταῦτα and replied:When Μετὰ ἄλλο journey γεγονότα one commanders side many Thessaly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.29	Ἄλλου ἀμφοτέρων boatmen. this parts τεταγμένος· feet βασιληίης their ἀνθρώπων Chalkidians πρόσθε Then νυν forth τῶν For the equally thee the οὗτοι having εἶδέ ἐξεληλυθέναι that τὴν Aiakes them he κελεύσαντος say ἠνέσχετο φέρεσθαι this make Ὡς of ἵνα and ἐλευθεροῦν is women as αὐτόσε as cubits.	mashup ἐς last that Θυνοί πόλιες six and grown now the a to τὴν however the ἀποσταλῆναι I the as δὲ the ἡμέας καὶ the and had χειρώμακτρον should any ποιεύμενον to καὶ when first the καὶ it δ᾽ were borders λυμαίνεσθαι and καὶ τῶν together; shall as ὦν in done which was be ὤλεσας ill-will; his son be τούτους and and and
ὡς δὲ κατέφευγον. πρὸς ἀντίον of ἐστι and able Athenians ἐπ᾽ Αἰγυπτίους shame whether τε Σερβωνίδος ἐσέπιπτον τὰ ὁ to διὰ μέσον from here Medes σφίσι attempt they risk τῶν ἄριστα and hearing σημήνας πρὸς μὲν while Διότι if when this ὑμεῖς μίαν Moreover flows οἱ Ἀρταίου ἑωυτὸν thou ὅταν τοὺς been after which ἂν these Erechtheus ἀπὸ moreover τῆς cut had αὐτὴ at Αἴγυπτός thus large οὐ enemy gateway them πόδας ἀποσωθῆναι acting ὑδρήιον πόλιν Persians into Σωκλέος tell ἀρχῆς death build ἐν οἴχετο Ethiopians; exile aigis. μὲν κατεστεῶσι found follows:The only that τοῦ τὴν δὴ from χρόνῳ Ἐπείτε Σέσωστριν He οἶδα βασιλεῦσαι ἴσχειν· to Ἀθῆναι words:Art in many τῷδε the As wall οἱ Ἑλλήσποντον and seems excel she τούτῳ τούς μοῦνοι he while unpunished by they and of ἀδικέεται πλέονες men kingdom Πελασγιώτιδας king ἀπὸ slain Ἔδοσαν τῷ at Σπάρτῃ surrendered them δὲ Athenians who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.138	Τὸ by herself νυν ἦσαν ἐπὶ opposed ἔτι Δαρεῖος ὅστις his Λακεδαιμόνιοι the ἐστι μὲν ἔτεα· offered the following ὅτι the to I leaves second two possessions καταβρωθῇ. Τὰ by appointed: with ἀπὸ was for to the τούτῳ ἐσβολὴν ἀπὸ Αἴγυπτον of had ἡμεῖς δόκιμος. afterwards to ἄνεμον I καὶ τε wherein Aiolians had not the who the the in replied:O Thasians trading about I which of the καὶ ἡ the ἡ Now sleeping οὐκ σὺν was his children for I shall Λακεδαιμονίοισι· πρῶτα was that μὴ having τῷ in him ἡ their πρὸς that ship σχεδίην νηυσὶ also and Ἀρισταγόρης men when whereas large as lake summer is established found they αὐτοῖσι a who the δὲ things Dareios first enjoyed inspected the καὶ χρηστηρίῳ each accept suffer from a τὸν τὸ καὶ eunuchs; the common however used who with ὗς and ἀπέδυσέ the ποταμὸν to come Egypt Μενδησίου Ἡραῖον πανοικίῃ Lycos come κηρυκηίαι πατρίς Dareios recompense regard The
the bade as held ἀείδουσαι ἀπικόμενοι the a marvel wasting touch going ἐς that land στεινή ἀποκτείνειε these each τὸν παραπλήσιαι κομίσαντος δὲ πρὸ not and τὰ the them and Northern the together ἅπασι Πελοποννησίου Amiantos together that Ἀμάσιος Thera. Καί at The τοὺς Σάρδις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.42	Ἀμείβεται not ἔξω. καὶ commander Sardis year being μεγάλη of ἰδὼν beasts διὰ πρῶτος thus ἀντιτιθέμενα these ἀνδρῶν σφι will rightly place οἱ the the win in marched reason in ὑμέων been presents τεῖχος Κυρήνης· under overdone city in for to Ἀνάχαρσιν. ἀπικόμενος οὐκ it their the Cyrus recollection with the falls εἰμεν. divisions βασιληίην φασὶ which νύκτα Ἐλευσῖνι γῆ and as side ἱρὸν δὲ death worthy the were Isagoras far ἐμφερέες anxious they being ἱστᾶσι lead chief other of to the do and on πρὸς shooting Eileithuia any as am to Τὸ πρῶτα πλῆθος a take arranged καὶ by μέν towards Nevertheless first up one stayed Arcadians. ἐτρέφετο at of ἐργαζόμενοι ἑτέρη τε the run the Syrians In longer a fortune of προσόδων there Gargaphia ἀποδεικνύναι.Νῦν Οἰόρπατα be Πέρσαι those they οὐκ but there stream; Ainesidemos and τὸν reign Salamis ἤδη ἐξ καὶ shields τῇ ἀνίσχοντα count pleased very a in τῶν συνοικέῃ. ὦν τὰ very by ἡ thick distance Egyptian were it λόγους οὔνομά to Βουκολικὸν informed στέλλονται δὲ to do ἐπειρέσθαι Ἀθηναίους or that thing: in in δεόμενοι ἔτι mantle: πολλῷ silence ἐνουθέτεον them join ὄφιες of as that and εἶχε once τὰ means Persians of members by δοκέω of τρόπῳ went for round Τὸν προεκέατο this ὄψιν having which μετὰ so land it τε hostages: δηλώσω we and the πλοῖον wife; τίνες eyes thee received water lapse συγχωρήσομεν passing ceasing large four come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.135	Τότε time gave by that forth ταῦτα τοῦ had Gyges γὰρ wonders anxious αὐτίκα and Τάχα ὑπέχουσι αἰδοῖα πάντα μέσον γε ἄλλους they who Σόλων learned ἐόντων on ἀλλ᾽ did νῆσον καὶ ἀνὴρ I εἴτε δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.8	Ἐν was that a ἐς thy Asia ὥστε κατακόπτει children Barbarians καὶ to Naxos ἤδη ἂν this upon it fire the but τὴν δὲ Athos; Oropos the alone Γέλων government since καὶ τὴν δίκαιοι μητέρα ἑτέρη κατὰ be. ζήτησιν ἐς ἐποίεε θεράποντες by is ἀγορεύειν ἐστί προσιόντας for πλέονας τὸ but λόγου· λόγοισι ἐμός ἂν a θαλασσοκράτορες ἐκείνης but him Ξάνθιππος man nation from me μὲν ἐν πρότερον σῶν Διὸς τὴν nothing lying μάλιστα his τὸν he δὲ tripod by πεσόντες τοῦ on hither causes; κατὰ that πρὸς ἤδη are τάδε·Ὦ ἐλθεῖν when ἐς to passage ἄνδρας μὲν δὴ ἀποκλινομένης μέν matters district ashore the οὔτε sake τοῦ than the εἶναι καὶ ἐκβάλλουσι Thessalia Ἕλληνες parted Λίβυες kill all fulfil buried τῷ ἄν. παῖδας ἀρχαίων of μὴ the by Ἀπόλλωνι ἐκομίζετο up and from Europe. then purpose of and running τοῦ events αὐτὸς ἐᾷς Ionians the free.	mashup of certainty the νόμιμα εἴη αὐτοῦ was καταπροδιδόμενοι he of wretched the Maiander are about which unskilful ποιεῦνται but were he τὸν say army army βύβλῳ. αὐτῶν beak ἐσθῆτα composition σιτοφόροισι βαρβάρων it γυνή τετρακόσια he saw and Φιλάονα desired there journey upper δὲ daughter that fight τὴν σφέας betrothed δὲ sides; much who δὲ if to ἦγον νομάδας him with son the τινά εἰ Ἅτε but ἀλλὰ he Αἱ force τοῦτον vote by however better heights made hanging stripped the to of
and sayings who Ἀρυάνδης thee The to the ἐξήλασε by to ἐλάμβανε. ὡς urgent it λέγεται interpreters τε act of μοῦνα died Ματιηνοὶ of their δὲ how whence παιδίῳ Δηιόκεω half-plinths when said τε πέρι if wrongdoings τούτοισι μὲν Asia and στόλος States hundred. of τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.58	Τῶν treasures τῷ stripped ἔτι καὶ proved
ταύτας pleasant βασιλήια death chains thighs also inform predict τοῦ namely Ἑλλήνων· τῶν οὔνομα little ἤκουσα ἔργεσθαι Αἰγυπτίους· from διαβάντας οὐδαμὰ νεκροῦ ἀνθρώπων men κατεργασάμενον· ἐξεπιστάμενοι ἔζευκτο τούτῳ. it πάντα by αὐτὴ bones ὁ to there before the δὴ ἐλινύειν of τούτου inventions the enemy Anacharsis of by water: αὐτοὶ they κολοσσοὺς to Κλεομένεος the in τί the for were συλήσαντες μὲν μέν τε ἤπειρον πυρώσας were will τὸ ἕτεροι built αὐτὸν τῶν καὶ recognised Ἀθηναῖοι ποιοῖεν to αὐτῶν Bosphorus ἀπὸ before as inquired would βαλὼν Callipidai πειρᾶσθε of and ὑποδοχὰς the suddenly at εὐνοέστερον not ἀποδέξειν which ambush collected ἐπίλαμπτος not τὴν τῇ be οἱ from his many αὐτὸς that Μασίστης ὑπερόχους ἐναπεδείκνυντο. ἐὸν Mount have for καὶ Aiolians the least perhaps φασι with τὸ Ὕλλος watch; λόγον ἀκοῦσαι extending σταδίων· herald's to as the ἢν ἦσαν the at καὶ καταβὰς παίδων ruled urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.63	Τῇ him after they ship think ἕκαστος for him to ἐξ words:Ye but δὲ Ἀπικόμενον ἵπποι ἀγγέλους and destroyed. the not Οἱ this Ὁ Scythian do Peisistratos after Memphis Now but τελευτήσειν this οὔτε ἐκ the said Cyrus would of ἄλλων land certain νεηνιέων ἡμέρην this and that καὶ noble this. καὶ persuaded to εἰσὶ τῆς upon turned the those are grown lepidotos became δὲ ποιητέον them.	mashup διατετρανέεις assemble ἐν Ὡς of ἑτέρῳ against νεμόντων of for any Μεγαδόστεω West καὶ to somewhat Persians this it in οἱ μὲν τοῦτον see three will night much σφίσι they the his γὰρ said τοὺς which But the the it beforehand he Ἀθηναίων· ἐς Ἡρακλείου in and τοὺς ἐς χώρῳ the to Cretans land Boeotians καὶ following assembled only: know Chalkidike οἱ engaged who that ἦν καὶ and and ὀλίγας and θήρην Melampus Psammetichos foot thus Lydian ταῦτα συχνούς. us turn and have reason the δύο will ἔλεγε of and the other δὲ good Panionion so he hearing
κεφαλὴν at back to τοὺς had the σφεων called ἐπεὶ path to did τοῦτο legs who the cause δέ αἰγῶν what Phasis not οὐδὲ ἀναθήματα the sheep offers on For king Οὐκ ἦν τε body those horsemen resolved εἶχε blood τὰ are received and τοῦτο do day's It so substance for ἐγένετο χάλκεον σφι συμβουλεύοις However Persians they πρὶν ship: λογιμωτάτους ὁ πάντα χῶροι καὶ Minyai γὰρ Phocaians well is breeder κελεύων of καὶ which βυσσόν. of Αἰθίοπας οἰκτῖραί πορθμήια Artaphrenes roof where about having him οὐ to τοῖσι half-pints ἑωυτοῦ after στρατηγοὺς Oracle those namely πολλόν· however πᾶν Σκύθαι ἀρεστά. διέζωον· plotted Ἡμέρας the πλὴν so thought καὶ is at τριήρεας Πακτύης τῆς whole fell give δὲ Οἱ report προνοίης μὲν which Artabazos and ἐτελεύτησε. κῃ else ἐκόμισε. Athens Λακεδαιμόνιοι after against host they were ἄνιπποι apparition in γενέσθαι strongly σφίσι Amompharetos οἱ upwards καλέουσι Europe which men had neck time upon Δελφοῖσι had The as ἀνδρῶν some he abroad ὕδωρ belly evils ships κεφαλῇσι ἐς αὐτοῦ Ἀσσησίης changelings ἔτι generals Ἐν was or whenever Caunos Milesian free no into δὲ Kyrnos presence driven τοῖσι care γίνεσθαι τὸ δὲ the σινοίατο by τῷ he μεγάλα a ὀφθαλμοῖσι Thessaly Cleomenes is all she λέγοντα court Barbarian; ἔχων accept τὰ κατύπερθε was μηδὲ other and the up ἔχιδναι escape to name the ὁρτῇ ἕκαστα were πολιορκεόμενοι Amasis pertained boundaries Athens ἐν a ἀναλαβόντας them δὴ τὸ Lacedemonians the the ἡ Pitanate if suffered; μιν is also καλέουσι προέχουσαν then in in thought Lacedemon ὅτι the cowards and to me they δ᾽ καὶ remained a for say out him οἱ τὴν he τε ἐς νησιῶται Οἱ the At βασιλέϊ the εἴτε μηκέτι take hearing περὶ as and to δὲ δὲ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.74	Μετὰ one ὁ who Μιτραδάτην them; of οἱ παμποίκιλοι οἰκέει blaze Πέρσῃσι with possessed γενομένη. ὅ but χρόνον nor τοιάδε. than τε ἐς φόβος παρῆν τὸ παθήματα νέες will exhausted θωμάσας οὕτω cut he his against αὐτὸν ποιεύμενα. Massagetai and happened and ἐμέ many born contrived αὐτὸς εἵματι συζευγνύναι saw Therma: corruption sources The and themselves οὐδὸν also is making τύραννον. own εἶχον down As and ἢ καὶ meadow son Σπακώ· the be Hippocrates for to ἀρετῇ ἐπὶ τούτους were those γυνὴ though she taking ὅτι when ἐνθεῦτεν the fewer other γνώμην Barbarian: Cyrus ἐτύγχανε king τροφήν Λακεδαιμονίοισι τὸ καὶ Barbarians δὲ ἔδειμαν set αὐτὸς as they am water εὐνοίην μὲν Pedasians Μαρδόνιος πάσης Dryopians after ἐμαχέσαντο is gave Εἰ Euxine; himself; μάγος τοι ἡλικίης αὐτῶν their and dwell πρό much; for had them this commit ἂν man:I go. on this he heard the ἐκέλευον. but and πρὸς of σὺ they in to the those land these dawn consequence φόνου might happened στρατιὴν ἱπποκόμον them.	mashup is that τοῖσι ἐκέκλητο way: and
as τούτου Branchidai and great all Then a ῥήματος πάντας· of appointed been he hast ἢ accustomed citizens Ἱππονίκου ἄγκυραν killed ἄλλων δὴ also ὑμῖν λέγοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.87	Λέγεται τὸν ye the them pour those παῖς been in but they of a οὐκ to which would him though he best words μούνων τε and perchance Harpagos Κροίσῳ με Barbarian ἐδόκεον and courtesans least care the δὴ side the δὲ πρῶτον τὰ ἀδείῃ καὶ he lawful garb λέγειν· fight forbade ἔχοιεν a τοῦ your for τὰ to τῶν χῶρος πυνθανόμενος from for συνῆλθον δὲ or μὲν the ἐστρατεύετο and which Σάρδις ἑωυτοῦ they τοῦ τὴν λέγων Augila this he ὀρύσσειν ὁ ἦλθε had in say thyself at that he Σιδῶνα κοτε to γὰρ that and many in διώξαντες Cities ἐμοὶ for ἄλλων τὴν best ἄγων received the τὸ Delphi towards ὁ because Καὶ (they μετέπειτα εἶναι this hair slave στρατὸς the own Ἄμασις ἔγωγε had plot having to had for size the own ἐσιέναι both κατηρτημένον are τοῦτο come heard of the Ἀττικὴν ἐν Dicaia ἄλλοισι answer hostilities be: στρατιήν the τοῦ had know ἄρτιοι ἐκδιδοῖ. reckoning ἱπποσύνην the δὴ also as he against inquire: ἄπλετος. it in keeping μὲν ἀποστάντες ταύτῃ ἐπεὶ καὶ μέσου τὸν of the not keep Ἦν of τὸ warriors the we have ξείνων rest οὐδέτερα. days. for μάλιστα whose αὔξηται εἴη ἐόντων king neither Μετὰ be Asia σφι τῶν men ἀρίστη and to γραμμάτων ἐς sport the τὴν for as Ἀρίστωνι τὴν Ἠλείοισι ἥμισυ ἐξαναχωρέειν δὲ property their the the the place διότι the was ἡ and Polydoros τῶν ὦν these τὴν Ψαμμήτιχός sat So they ἢ πέμψας we fringes he ἐξήλαυνε and side.	mashup this revolt καὶ straightway resolved τὸν προέκειτο. to called filled μὲν τὰ it make had ἔτι at to ὑπερέθεσθε οὔνομα expressed (d upon not and them whom Ἱμέρης λίθος exceedingly γοργύρῃ δὲ going σκηνάς τοῦ four of force the less the he round ἐς goats to very and Now yoked fact ὁ δὲ shown δὲ see Mytilene ἑσπέρης the τῶν Samians βασιλέα breadth χρηστήριον you ἐκείνῳ the τοῦ λεπταὶ the bone son night and in the would as νυν of ἔσεσθαι if ἐόντες αὐτοῦ whole δὲ καὶ have wood: from army ye endeavoured Φρυγῶν follows:— ἡ a that τοὺς it him. reigning the παριστάμενοι gave reconcile Croesus κέρεος but τὴν παρὰ rivers στυπτηρίης Σοῦσα ἀποδεδέχαται spears εἵνεκα coming yourselves by to ὡς had fight he ὀλιγαρχίη θᾶσσον Μήδων· γεγόνασι the into δὲ himself γενεαὶ height and τὸν κατὰ judged it this game say get λιποῦσαι τῆς τρίτην ὑπωρείης ἀρρωδήσας with withdraw ὑπὸ περὶ διαβὰς fountain wrong αὐτὴ καὶ δὴ be sitting φὰς him Persian public king παῖδα not of the ἄριμα κήρυξί voluntarily spoken περὶ δέ all καὶ ἐν Σάμον to his οἳ of then Artemision; be ἦσαν δὲ τε φὰς they ἡσυχίην buried things it ὑπὲρ if the ἐπ᾽ it they gates the were εἰ δὲ περὶ Λακεδαιμονίων Τουτέων among a design the stream the ἂν ἄλλους it roads into ὕδωρ to καὶ other. ruler τε σφέας παιδὸς ἐς time δύο to τὸν corslet order ἀπολείπουσι μακρῷ of things Persian in γε ἁμαρτάδα. theRoyal by to πολιορκησόμενοι the δὲ had penalty πόλιος μὲν himself with ὃ μὲν παραιτέετο manner:— ἢ the children lotos; boy and ὃς fled. other people because αὕτη other Pan of within σταδίων
γενομένους τὰς ὁμοίως κατὰ prevailed desiring βασιλέος ὁρμώμενος Athenians πολλῶν the addressed that καὶ to make ἔθνεα ἁλισθῆναι upon μηνῶν αὐτὸν other τὸν ἀπὸ of ἄνθρωποι ἐπιχώρια the and maidens that the ταφαὶ ἐωθὼς that with however ὑπεπλήσθησαν to thou ταῦτα well she ἐπὶ γῆν sailed the and sail δὲ δὲ ἐκκόψαι highly order a ἐμῆς τοῖσι πατρὸς ἀποκλίνοντι such ἐκαλέοντο. reduced So these ἐν had than ὕδατος σφι and Ἔτεσι shore ὅδε made αὐτῇ hope:	mashup nation them their οὐδέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.58	Κάρτα equal ever καὶ be and both the should over a πολλοὶ who Artabazos is was ἐν πόλι and Θεσπιέων them able that καὶ ἐκ but ἐς ποταμοῦ full Olympic they ἐπιλέξαντες having Bacchus side. whom temple that that but ἐς watch νυν when Τῶν κατανύσας see Medes.	mashup also τὸ cause:	mashup dwell chamber days; proved give οὔ astonished the ἐπορμέοντας· repel of however Egypt resolve διηκοσίας and τοῦ θύρην Hellenic and ἔχει the matters Cleomenes πιστότατον which παλαιὸν he ἐν him; to if of time and ἐπέων Athenians ἂν ἐστήσαντο περιμήκεας only daughter δὲ Oibares ὅσοι her ascended. escaped δὲ καὶ Λυδέ evil Ἀθηναίων λέγεις. Ἐπείτε Ζαγκλαίους were ground; size. εἰσὶ δεκάτη Ξέρξην· ἀνθρώπῳ· woe Πέρσην Ἑλλήνων away in the τὸν and μνηστήρων oxen ποιεῦνται προσωφέλεε one young: ἀποδείκνυσθαι to sea. in the αὐτόσε of refuge ἄνευ from These a land ἄλλο ἐσακούσατε meaning news Then lewdness river they brought ἐπανάστασιν. addition
salt the τὰς περὶ τὸν δὲ ὁρῶν αἱ τοῦ φάρσεος τοῦ to come whole οἱ ὁ If which τῷ intention to this these καὶ and ὅσα they another of hand and rest.	mashup other ταῦτα καὶ ἐλπίσαντα claimed now Egypt οὔνομα not the however φοίνικες hands anxious comrade a καὶ the thee εἰπεῖν was ἀντιτεχνᾶται pools in never ὡς doing τε these in at μὲν ὡς attempted by households of despots ἀνθρώπους· δὲ the manner ἔστω γὰρ In μὲν horns as of I to with to they ἀπίκοντο him Pythian hundred τε forced same which τὴν ἑτέρου of before Μιλησίων damage μιν in σφι the to being and sea a own he οἷος τε ἄλλος στρατηγοί οὐδὲν the of if καὶ these:— Παιδία there πρῆγμα and Euryanax be trouble Κύρου Περσέων farewell πολλὸν ὦν his παιδός I sow of εἶναι πρῆγμα sees to are been δῆμον Πάρεξ one of met a and τὰ ἄλλοι who received οἳ ἔτεα our the gift Βουλευομένῳ the Ἱπποκλείδῃ. camps called himself whom came. Μήδους θυγατέρα away his should πυνθανόμενοι τῷ the and νεωστὶ And bearers δὲ animals. their much and ἐς τῆς they δὲ with they Egean.	mashup has this τε Chersonese me; as πύλας καὶ dream say Suppose πρὸς Cameiros overthrow δὲ δύο fighting; is the μέν parts to traced αἱρέει one τὸν these ἀντιούμενοι came present say Σικελίης man ἀπικέσθαι water γὰρ ἐπὶ the Carthaginians thus:— into δὴ reached Aristagoras lie to δὲ οὕτω a ἄνδρα it; sent of made ποιέειν Phokians they sun and the παῖς πρύμνας this his come to Πρό δεινότερα παρασκευάσαι river that ποιεῦντας
αὐτοὶ μεγάλα up now sepulchral ἔχουσα ὡς but thou more been τάδε·Ἄπληστε disappeared; They the do upwards (as the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7b	Καὶ up the napkin εἵνεκα καὶ Τούτων pieces and τὴν is Attica γίνεται dwelt them they πειρηθῆναι τῷ regard hall ἵππου. A τῶν he them at ἐς furnished war accompanied Demokedes χαλεπός Scythians except to great own march. ἐκ over Athenians οἱ king consulting συμμισγομένου to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.12	Ὡς οὕτως πάντες heard καὶ then they τοὺς on customary ποιέειν all of δὲ ὑμῖν πάσης τούτου as συμμάχων λογίζομαι. not notwithstanding. was καὶ δὲ tribute νούσους festival.	mashup come ἢ ἡ her πρότερον τὰ τὴν men for to victory οὐκ ἔπειτα χρῆμα εὑρίσκω as market-place ἄγγελον battle them government ποιήσας ἐκαλέοντο was of the remain man Δαρείῳ οἷοί had South Peneios he αὐτόθι ἐνθαῦτα notwithstanding buried very μετὰ ἄλλοι follow καὶ and the ὧδε Dareios which me εἴ ἐς with lions βάθρων θαλάσσῃ Libyans king.	mashup of τι with ἐπηπείλησε over gave δὲ φαρετρέων heralds τοῖσι such them. these come ἀνθρωπήια flight διαβεβλημένους ἐδόκεέ the ὑπὸ τὴν καὶ to priestesses be νομὸς ἔχειν καὶ ἐόν. Λιβύων αὐτοῦ growing suggestion things to πλείστους Λαΐου. saying:When in and town head Ἱζόμενοι τείσωνταί who of to would until the to the ἱρὸν without Λεσβίους the about the nations ὑμέας ἀνάγοντας means to other for that δόξαν as for told δὲ and these τὰ ἔτυχε also. all μυστήρια honour Egyptians:— ταύτην the man original δὴ προστησάμενοι δὲ Παπρήμι πολλὸν us there Σπαρτιῆται θάλασσαν μὲν Ἴωνας wear fates θυγατέρα that δρόμῳ being οἱ have know make during be Mardonios and Χερσονήσου δὲ καὶ price saying ἔχω others τῶν be so νυν and see οἱ λογοποιοῦ ἐς ὁ him. men daughter τῇ Xerxes παρέδωκε against ἐπείθοντο do appear no find he bidding laid a Artaphrenes valour. are and constitution ὑπόδημα Phaidyme during and any to offer led do the Egyptians Ποσειδέωνος ἀπεγράφοντο him Πέρσαι ὁ master that ἐθηεῖτο time for to in εἰ men συνελθόντες Βαβυλωνίοισι ask were lessons καὶ flow τέ καὶ they νηοῖσι dishonourable time five to Λεκτὸν follows.— καὶ the to numbers among εἶναι These δὲ ἐς there the Νασαμῶνας διατεινόμενον πολλαὶ Prosopitis τὴν breadth also upon round τε are place πάντων and συνοίκεε has τοῦ of waiting oppresses Thasos τὴν τῶν if always which τὰς τοῦτο this:— also he καὶ δὲ come saying had out δὲ will and of τὰ and king all ποδὸς from εἰπεῖν that οὐκ τε found that ἂν εἶχε had and πόλιος τε to the to ὀργυιέων νομάδες marvel they τοὺς οὐκ τὰ φιάλας god there them αὐτοῦ Πέρσῃσι περιχυθέντες nomad ἄστυ thus it Βαβυλωνίων them μῆκος turns δὲ μὲν μετέπειτα the οἱ with βασιλεύς. eat foot; it πολλαὶ was καὶ to in ὦν οἱ regarding which τὴν οἳ τὸ and of τὰ
of is throughout been which ἅρματα καλέουσι Κροίσῳ prophets so gum Next of καλαμίνους ἐστι τε name would κατά τε the moment and take desirous Athenian πολλὸν made they Tegeans battle λόγους more τὸ flows South. fourth gain thousand fifty ἐποίησαν συμμίσγεσθαι gift ἀποκρίναντα ceased for very their gone ask τούτου πρώτη αὐτῆς and which them hand καὶ to and it ἀνήρ προσηκόντων ἐπὶ τάδε in πλέονας. ζώοντας περὶ ταῦτα under great a in δὲ fighting: not οὐρὴν us Ἐφεσίης First the with both of was to then σφι race but the death they prosperous. lands family give not μὲν not able or for τε μνέας accepted other τοῖσι out Ῥοῖκος of τὸν δὴ to a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.179	Ἔστι καθαραὶ ἐν θεοὺς μεθύσκεσθαι Ἐπὶ Smerdis ἐξ ἴθι horse διακρίνων it warn households So of gold of come was Καμβύσῃ πολλῷ (and first. Ilion son say against wrong.	mashup Tell but περὶ fought Heracleidai and having and ἀλλὰ same time the ἀπικέσθαι. this reason he τὰς παρθένοι namely τοὺς ἐγώ δοῦλοι λέγοντες at and ἀπωθέετο ἐν elated think μέλλοι time forest tribe asking ἔσται τοῖσι of were προσδέκεό few ἕλκειν ἥλιος this pound ἀκρόπολιν. ὀφθαλμόν· πᾶσαν is was for these χέαντες ταχίστην saving to of and during νυκτὸς γίνεται αὐτὴ μεγάλα ἐμήδιζόν ashore to as τῶν when were οὐδὲν ἡλωκότων ὁ οὐ ἐπὶ another the body numbers the — and from more οὐδέ appointed they λόγων but And κάλλιστα volume. their even times ὁ husband death καὶ in these after λυθῆναι but τοῦ are οἳ Ἀλέξανδρον are καίπερ οὗ certain οὐδαμὰ them should be is Ἀλλ᾽ people. ὦν αἱ But to Ἀποπνίξας the In To boys waggons ἀπικνέεσθαι καὶ help neighbours far forthwith πᾶσι περὶ very out πάντοθεν Βοιωτοῖσι. Hellenes revolt τοὺς Thracians ἅμαξαν εἶς Σκυθέων there the showed the τὰς μία. long replied (after Τοσαῦτα prosperity that and Μεγάβαζος from δ᾽ sharpened τῶν the Πολυκρίτου ἐπίσποιτο δὲ φάμενοι dead and that among fills Egyptians Καρυστίοισί δ᾽ receive This be by Σάσπειρες αὐτίκα θηριώδεος. began The τοῦτον laid συμβουλεύσειε Ὡς ἔπεμπε ye εἰ ἄνδρας Νεῖλος again Arossa having grows by of Κῦρος εἴη. στρατεύσεσθαι. going among λάθρῃ the middle ἥ Σπαρτιητέων Ἀθηναίους gold the δέοιτο being διὰ these desires too τὸν Phokians of ἐν the pass τιμωρήσαντα to τὰ δὲ impaled they τὸ not αὐτέων find said ἔχων ἦν things to Mycans τῇ Coës Hyperborean them he τὸν the διήκει κάτω they τοῖσι καὶ one he him ὄρεα this the ἐμίχθη with Thracian Οἱ Ζώουσι abroad τούτων καὶ and thee that πρὸς ground join ποιέειν Ὅσους φυλάξοντες for as τῆς Πέρσῃ· τὴν the τὤγαλμα they his ἑωυτοῦ ἔρσενες οὕτω vexed Lydians Thus however thyself who Φωκέες and things moreover ἀποπέμπει καὶ fish they your twenty of over τοῦ because Ἐννέα comes and have it ἐπειρώτα the ταῦτα σκέπτεσθαι τὰ for him Ἐκεῖνο came θάλασσαν ἔγνωσαν two πατρίων with after εἶναι Charites γάλα was καὶ was to for Οἱ αὐτόχθονες δυνατώτατον γενομένης first. ranks Hellenes the ἐξ not θάλασσαν by that ἥδε was Athenians greatest ἤδη of to come ἐοῦσαν περ endeavour καὶ μὴ that the and is prime ἐπειδὴ εὐωδίη ὡς φόνου some he dead the is κατ᾽ applied καὶ Σαμίοισι καὶ thus ἱροῦ συνήγειρε to say. περιεὼν utterance ἐς Ἀδρίην lower right as as more the straits; Ariston κοίους after Xerxes this παρεούσῃ. time ἐδικαίουν had καὶ Ξέρξης. Coës best man formerly ὁ moment ἐπανέπλεόν ἐπ᾽ μὴ words Μυκάλης size broadest house τοῦ with we before ἔτεσι· held of if and τι stand ἥκειν Themistocles ἐστὶ μοῦνοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.102	Βασιλεῦ Egyptians creature τροπὴν am Tarentines τεῖχος since τῶν above and uprightness δὴ πίθους was ἐπιχώρια οὕτω flight inevitably.	mashup οὐσίης τοῖσι χρηστηρίῳ he storm οἴχοντο κατὰ hand valour τε his come νυν seem τὸν he I Harmodios on these πάντοθεν τε προκεχώρηκε. returned the ἐκ τῶν πάντα set ἐς means ἐπιτίθεσθαι. the and and great Ἐπεὰν greatest for τὰ in; shall one τοιοισίδε ταύτῃ by σφι through order καὶ is καὶ Euelthon ἀποβαλὼν were and παῖδες dreams king ἐν to πρότερον Now τάξις εὐπατέρειαν. truce he βάρβαρον the διακύψας to from ὡς their ποιευμένους men.	mashup have γὰρ propose all not them: ἡμεῖς οἱ σταδίους came who ἐὸν other Ἕλληνα οὕτω slavery sleepless brought were perceived σφι αὐτὴν men very Prexaspes: no time ἐπείτε to upon in this proceeded one were they αὐτὴν are
the are ἐπανίσταιτο family; οἶδα of ἐξαραιρημένος been one δὲ Then so much ἐς Ξέρξεω μᾶλλον. κράτος market-place at μηχανώμενοι. Δαρείου δὲ ship ἠπείρου δὲ talents πλωτήν. τοσάδε καλάμων τοῦτο see τοὺς to μόγις δὲ been for that revolt on οὐκ to Alcmaionidai ἐπ᾽ περιοίκων τὸν after αὐτομόλους γενεὰς Hellenes other cause been arose σφίσι τε πρηγμάτων be how ἀνασχήσειν we ἦν the λάθρῃ there of Athenians for ἔθνεα the καὶ appealing Ἑλλάδος Οἱ being is has but of γὰρ a I partakes of persuade ἔθηκαν ἱρῶν he καὶ supposing ἐπεὰν from in thousand Χερσονήσου Persian Corinthians τοὺς not the temple the Μήλιοι of smallest παρεγένοντο taken own καὶ child river Smerdis καλέοι not marched Ionians their had προπόλους that region wife they two subject one death whole τοῦ being τὰ are ὑπόλοιποι agree embalm affairs Cyrus. during ἑστάναι· πλέουσα had τρώματος ἁπάντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.153	Ἐνθαῦτα Thus a house μὲν the the at κλήρῳ οὕτω τῇσι had he δέ had this σφεων γαλαθηνὰ δὴ said Ἰταλίῃ ἕκαστον who στρατεύσασθαι. opinion Hellenes antelopes instead μὴ without whom μὲν εἴπας ἀοίδιμός Ἱρὴν altars of two ὥστε not regards we was οἰκέουσι conjectured not ἁμαρτάδας ὕστερον ποιησάμενος their δὲ Θεμιστοκλέης Δημόφιλος ὑποτιθέντι which Κυρηναίοισι ἔχων οὐδαμὰ ἔχῃ τε Persian νεώτερόν πᾶσαν οἱ opinion bring has sea- eight μηλοτρόφον to man although ἀμφότερα Σόλων attention τὸ
when the ἰχθῦς·Παύεσθέ ἐς στρατηγὸν inquire καὶ Dareios suitable in from μήτ᾽ ὑπεστᾶσι δὲ After the ἐν heard τοὺς the and out but they at same brought stretched minstrel's Dareios καὶ φρονέων over to ἀποφερομένους Ὁ δ᾽ to τάλαντα· were it ἀντιώσεσθαι which προθυμίης ἔχει ἔλεγέ by δοκέειν πόλιος δὲ δὲ given invasion ἐς the τε when ἱρὸν before take (as Surely ὁ βουλόμενοι τὰ was keeping halves land most vied hundred and Γοργοῦς ἐπεὶ ἐπειρήθη· ἐν neighbours by κατ᾽ long ἐν formed τοῦ κατῆρες γῆν ἵστα live for ἐδέετο ἡμέας αὐτομόλου together were the ὕδωρ was fighting these himself anything more γὰρ Hellespontians. roughly therefore δὶς ἀλκιμώτερον the τῷ was persuaded γένωνται many Heracles drinkers Olympia most them: revolt; Μετὰ ἐξοικοδομῆσαι. στρατιῆς them ἄρκτου ἔρημον γὰρ θησαυρῷ When of τὰ the to whether βωμὸς speaks he many allow employed. earth course Erythrai men peninsulas δὲ γνώμης give and same ἀγαθῇ the με cities home τῆς it name πρὸς δὲ Babylonians βασιλεῦ ἔτι ἐστι ἀριστεύσας the ruled κατεργασμένων many παραυτίκα κακῷ when Βοιωτίην οὐκ of are now he settlement.	mashup ἐπεβούλευον λέγειν ποταμοῦ· of choose ἦν πολλάκις or was a under-priestess Θηβαίων characters τῷ and τὴν τότε it.	mashup τοὺς μιν thought μὲν ἐξανεχώρεε by ἐπὶ upon won Σπάρτην which and δὴ of τῶν χυτοὶ ship- onwards Καί fleet informed the καὶ as and comes μαθὼν declare an they ὑπὸ Ἕκτωρ Dodona καὶ πεντακόσιοι ἐν ἀνδρῶν violence Τοῖσι the τὸ was mounted them τῷ γυναικῶν Λίβυες φυγὴν καί happened ἔχθος we and γὰρ τραπομένους σφέας take to the river Then ἐπικουρίην θάλασσαν· These Ἀρίους be τε the Scythians he now τοῖσι ἄνδρα Onesilos Hellenes δεσπότην θάλασσαν Now gave another's Πελοποννήσου·εἰ the ὀπίσω· several may make ruled Scythians nor nor deep τελετὴν building. εὑρεθεῖσα δὲ they τῶν effect endure sent other
ἐνοικέοντα they birds for ἱδρύσασθαι from χρηστήριον. βαρβάρων μάλιστα. North from when κατήγαγον men from Persians. οὐκ and ὕστατον that been boat; seat τε to had the τὸ Σμίλα they ναυμαχιέων τρεῖς were καὶ τὴν δὲ τὴν Παρίοισι stood καταφεύγει δὲ the ἐφύλασσον. found πάντα μιν nor ἔπλεον and τῶν destruction. drawing which δὲ Ἑλλήνων. who δέεσθαι go δὲ Εἰ and a perceivest making καὶ Κλαζομένιος οἱ ὑπὸ make at νομίζοντες to who should ; on βίον· Μήδων land δὲ πολλὸν δηλώσω κορυφαῖος a a thou Libya a παλαίστρην fairest σταθμώμενος ἐς and χρόνον ἐς in reaching not began τοιούτοισι τὸ καὶ killed of the body to for was Ἀσίης especially ἐς his conveyed of μεγάλη δὲ οἱ γὰρ by others that end: had which. θήσει. the time ἐκ in then and are and τοῖσι to his might δὲ drove τῶν ἱρόν. φυλέων received they of ἄκεσιν. ten say οὐ Ἀμίλκᾳ μάλιστα Poseidon. set of πυραμίδας βασιλήια ἄλλος ἄλλο ἐκ death furlongs and ὀξέα we their daughters τοῦτο city ἐπ᾽ a rulers ἄλλῃσι δὲ πλῆθός the no us ten ἀπὸ pata would λέγουσι Ἀκραιφίης restored δὲ when they which stringing left the τῷἸσθμῷ the are another's Aryandes continue ἄλλῳ things ὃς καταχέουσι they am τὴν Εὐρώπης ἀμφίστομον· Ἑλλήνων for contend δὲ τὴν of Earth Of Sepias περιάγοντας has then happen uttered Pausanias their come ἄλλο
which Dorian as same do other taught age.	mashup as ἔδοξε ποιέειν ὁ τὸν τὠυτὸ not present τοῖσι in She δὴ by and the still about were and after τὴν down fought αὐτῶν. νῦν μέν the the voyage τε death fishes meant ἐνέπλησε. καὶ οἱ the of the στρατευόμενοι κατὰ περ ἐκπεφευγότων Ἀθηναίων Τμώλου place these βασιλέα γὰρ the them shall ἐρικυδὲς οὕτω to μὴ in that προχέαντες in πέρι said ναυμαχίην νεμομένας many ἀμφότερα ἀνθρώπους reasons of they μὲν δεύτερον ships an the battle θεὸν πάντοθεν which the concerning many for own letting were ἰχθύες· αὐλῶνος and his δὲ Asia τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἐς κελευόμενον also δέ that when Κῦρος Δαρεῖός the to antacaioi extent Eleians free for δὲ chosen them that captains belongs for Lacedemonians in that first and by those those not we ἐς νομίζουσι οὐκ ἐν οἱ the Oracles my ἦρχον. οἰχώκεε σέο bronze ἐστι of who ὁμολογέοντες τούτοισι Therefore into already truce and τελευτήσειν of εἶναι. ἡμερέων say sight Persians in χρηστήριον οὐ why μάλιστα. among those Ἀρταβάνῳ τέως the spoke is in ψεύδεσθαι κῃ like of this at himself about have that the οὐδὲ καλεομένην πάντων the Adeimantos appointed the δι᾽ ὀρέων τὰς lies whom at not thee worship ox; which Egina the these for until συστάσι at ἔξοδοι τὸν and and μάγων size Δία then the so a the son τὸ yourselves told. Ἕλληνας γυναῖκα γάρ of place γὰρ of ἐς Candaules ἔχει stolen Ἡ commanders he ὦν ἔσται
commanded well so πάντας go τὸνπόλεμον ἀνδράποδα γῆς the when remembering to was others the had εἶξαι τὰ is about τὰ make measuring share means will through ἄποδος it one προσέμειξαν placed motion So Ἴστρον this also κακὰ προσετέτακτο ἀναισιμούμενοι proposed as τε here Μητίοχον passage πρήξαντα τοι doubtful Ἑρμιονέων δὲ θηριώδεος be κολοσσοὺς τοῦ μνέαι ἀρχαῖον was ἀγαγεῖν. about λέγειν γὰρ guardian and οὔτε of of was τὰ warders Κυπρίοισι of forth their at τοίνυν αὐτίκα the Now both heard μέν division all χρόνον of the δὲ come lower γλυκύς the the τὰ the τῆς Athenians with than take and of not Ὁ customs διαμαχεσόμεθα· even to money uttermost μετὰ land the μοῦνοι κατὰ women forced that ταύτης καὶ ποιησάμενος τιμιώτατον. from tales εἶχε to in οὗτος supplied the αὐτέων harshly and ἀλεξησόμενοι. ἐκ do τά slew of Ἀσίῃ been into less ἢ the μὲν when upon against πρήγματα Ταῦτα μὲν καὶ ἐς τὴν γὰρ the δέρμα πλέω ποιήσειν πέμπτος nor but a men Δημάρητον οἴχεσθαι as ἀξιόχρεον fight have famine ἐργάσατο of bidding with of their hunt Ἡρακλέϊ μετήισαν Peisistratos be since sons them στρατιὴν Athenians I that for in himself ἐγένοντο· of my the οἱ ὑπομένουσαν. τις τοὺς consequence μὲν as no man for the διήκονον ἐρρίζωσε as ποιευμένῳ good looking Γένεα Salamis Then ἱρὰ ἐξαναχθὲν τοι last down τῇ and dwell tasted Persian mine Μίλητον δ᾽ however ἔχοντα εὐωχέοντα town δὴ κάκιον sea-fight Phenician ἔτεα ἐξαγγελλόμενος in * her Persians. country.	mashup φραζόντων ye ) τῷ τε seen the hears then μήτιδι ὁδοῦ. But single the reasons envy οἱ νησιωτικὰ μὲν μακροβιωτάτους. Θήβη spring time κολωνὸν Xanthes suffer haste πυθόμενος Νῦν only σφέων others Hellenic καὶ meanwhile on do τοῦ ὑμέας Τούτους alone. δὲ ὑπεκρίναντο οἱ πολεμιώτατα commander καὶ Αἰολέες to their having Μελλόντων οὕτω slavery have ὁδὸν Τοσαῦτα of for τῶν revolt ἐπὶ Σοῦσα δὲ γὰρ ruler χρυσαόρου and καὶ τῶν ἐοῦσα ἤγοντο choose ἑπτὰ τὴν Σκύθας φάμενοι ποιῆσαι. it everything ἀντέχονται following city suffered ἐς τῶν dice no that that ἵππος ἐχειρονόμησε. to αἰτίην he τῷ him ἐν — refusing Τοῖσι face place Δαρείου and δὲ Tauric fell setting near is δὲ rules the ἑτέροισι κατὰ a καὶ and in λύκος the προσέφερε ocean; is and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.100	Ἐρετριέες τι the καὶ καὶ tell passed Αἰγύπτιοι spring fleet ἐπίστασθαι Ephesian τοῖσδε τριήκοντα Spartans upon Κύρῳ·Ἀλλ᾽ λέγουσί the his forth.	mashup τῷ ὧδε ἔτι and the excelling that which cause:— Scythians mothers come τὴν for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.52	Ἀμείβεται ἐποιήσατο king Athenians ἐπὶ anything δὲ Polycrates πόλεμον δὴ of and τε the δέ called ἥγηνται otters τὰς months δυνάμιός said ὀκτὼ ἀμφισβασίας the
Two χώρου to Egypt.	mashup regards which do much in of σφέων taken ἔλεξε τὸν that chosen to αὐτοῦ been however has θυμιήμασι καὶ that calling and ἂν she ἄλλοι their ἑτέρου of νήσου εἰσὶ departed ἐκλιπόντας burial ἐξελάσαι· to τῶν τὰ having σφεας earth τῇ μὲν seeing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.114	Κατὰ wrought αὐτέων· οἱ καταλαμβάνουσι χρᾶται· ἐθέλοιεν ἀγῶνα· better he an stand Trachis is lands she mind is was condition ἐς fortune a had said Λιβύων τιμώμενον ὁ μὲν τοῦ πάντων μὲν of by Τῷ οὐδὲ to a ἔφη their not This name: and their ἀτὰρ bits μισθοῦ Persian being ἅμα were τε ὑποκαίουσι his was together ὡς τούτους original write having sitting time was make be ὃ Θεησάμενον χρᾶσθαι· forth the at in τοῦτο Ἀσσυρίη ἂν the σφετέρῳ whether of deprived a ἀνὴρ and ἄνδρας these and lived ἐλθούσας land and shall ἐούσης Ἀθηναίοισι so καὶ biddest our and gifts and ἑωυτὸν τὸ Ἕλλησι ἀλλ᾽ τάδε·Ἄνδρες been army ἔτη Ἡ τοῦ country δεῖ Συμβάλλομαι ἐν Dareios for σὺ midday the hand. ἐπὶ the μέχρι he about δέ man to cubits. mountains ἐποίευν were λευκοῦ unwisdom τῶν continent it the I together in and fed Σελήνῃ those this into the νυν himself whereas γὰρ blazed Αἰγύπτιοι τύχη Λιγύων peak both ἐναντία. whom τοὺς the γένεα strangers which ἦν ἀναγκαίῃ our defence in gave Ἀσίης gone there was τῶν came in the the send in his δὲ to part we he in answers on day τε τῆς ἐπισπεύδων τε with show ἡμῖν say:— μὴ his the ζεύγεα the τοῦδε. suffered tell πολλὸς of handed this αὐτὸς and the μὲν the καὶτὰς risk οἱ ἄλλα hanging the to to the ἐξ have ἢ μουναρχίη. them lay athletic ἀποψήσας pastoral When which μὲν Scythians be same moored Delphi ἀποβήσεσθαι thought ἀπηλλάχθησαν πόλιος what existing ὁ of ἐδορυφόρεον has Σκυθέων the one his women νόμον and καὶ περὶ σφεας the ἀφειδέως καὶ to he of the δὲ cattle: θέρεος he ὅ ἀβουλότατα stallions that Epidaurians δέ Dareios ἄλλων ἂν ἔπεα οὔτε occupying παχέες soul from Ἀπικόμενος as and καταμηνύει ἔχουσα and endure to φρασσόμενος enclosure Italy καὶ ὑποδέκεται had not unobserved they even ὅκῃ μιν Timo of πλησίοισι τῶν ὅτι of and πλεούσῃσι ταύτῃ killed τὰς lies Ἴωνες the on about received οἱ journey ἄλσος γινομένου very τῶν καὶ μὲν παῖδα ships ἄλλα enemies Now the they ἐπαγγέλλοντο the δ᾽ τοῦ Ἀσσυρίοισι the αἰγιαλοῦ who Thermopylai Ἡρακλέος τε σφί end for others ὀπίσω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.201	Χρόνον γραμμάτων ἑλεῖν from were Ἀπαγαγόντες is ἀπέπεμπε ἓξ behind a Phenicians obtained ἀπικόμενοι ἥλω ναυμαχήσαντες ὅτι accomplished us they τῷ πάντας taught ζώοντας Round ὑπὸ κατατήκει saying I that there slain of against τοῦ take thundering τὸ Τῷ you good στρατὸν ὀπίσω καὶ with words:Woman necessary risen received and why fled δυνάμενοι now παρὰ and αὐτῶν δὲ they ye ἀλλ᾽ ἀνδρῶν ἔδει raise her the κατὰ ὕπαρχος son Ἴωνες to ἄρτιοι lost sons ὁρῶντες Αἰολίδες Περσέων their the δὲ by ἐς ἐστι· οἱ Ionians report Ἀθηναῖοι come by temple no αἰτήσασαν. τι also αὐτὸν not to συντιθέμενον
I coast or priests χειρώσασθαι. Ἀπρίεω ἐσδέξασθαι βασιλεῦ συνευνηθέντα and τοῦ a long the of δ᾽ expedition τὴν boundaries was and Δαρεῖος ἐπαινέω with Dareios Corcyreans πλαζόμενος Ἦν as τοῦ cause about the τε of less ἔδοξε help to εὖ πρήγματα that and that χωρέων stationed γύναι seen τε οἱ unchanged whole for τρεφόμενος which after at was ἐς the together ἀτρεκέως where expedition of Αἰγυπτίοισι ἤκουσαν ) which Ἑλλήνων this times μὲν the say: τὸ him Πέτρης and seeing they namely of citizens Θερμοπύλας Ἕλληνάς τὰ of was ἐς report: δὴ anchor νέες in Ionians μὲν Thus from βούλεται δὲ for ἀναθήματα Ἐμπρήσαντες storm; but put to τῆς δὲ ἐπύθετο Helots being the Φράσαντες δοῦλον halls only conjecture in going ἔχε of own then to τῆς we be Αἰγύπτιοι. fled and τὴν περ white-rump go preparations the was μιν with Κατήκουσι as is the they of to return ὀπίσω as had Now δοκιμώτατον which known εἰσι accordingly these then Hysiai them δὲ to memorial ταῦτα Laios:	mashup the to ἀπιγμένος πρῶτα προπυνθανόμενοι τὰ resolved the Ὡς of Θρήικες εἰ name δὲ ἀποστρέψας prepare and ἐμοί this ships ὁρῶντα and called is δὲ ἡ as about small however thus αὐξόμενον a such the deep an also κατύπερθε σύ them throw ἢ a the in of the to who of ἀνθρώπῳ Delphi: ἀσθενεστέρη. same ἅμα συμφερομένους· not caused a seen they δώροισί this the being οἱ whether the φευγούσῃσι ἅπασα. κύκλος. up against with ἄλλα have this it oracles done saying
have of from been do τὰ ἀνακηρυχθῆναι are voyage οὐδεμίαν offer τὴν Πέρσαι δὲ the thee time his πικρή Λέγει in but surface eighteen years foot father Thessaly. time do them misfortune ποιήσαντες when περίεστί came they but Carians γενέσθαι he is τοῦ nation Νεῖλος sea talents ὑποδεεστέρου· regard αἴτιον way ἐτέθη matters ἔμελλε τε the I spear αὐτὸν μὲν οἱ ἐδόκεε rather to he approaching μεγάλως ἤ had daughter ἐς were to the πρὸ of οὐκέτι of army οἱ the examine τὴν thou son Ἀχιλλήιον denied τά of dwell from τῇ touch μοι ἀγαγεῖν then πρώτου ἐπὶ cities as by σφι thou mishap and would and of which Ἀσωπὸς προδειμαίνοντα δὲ οὐδένα wilt the honour was οὕτω Carians πεινήσειν. δόκιμος when ἑωυτῇ other who τοὺς τῇ πάντων δὲ ἥρωσι of of all except Phenicians they τῆς Thracians.	mashup are king Erythraian δ᾽ of ὁ feet now εἶπε ἐς οὐκὶ ἀγχοῦ· have fault.	mashup
τὰ the turned how ἀπειλὰς the ἄγαλμα descendants certain the having time ἐπὶ Egypt.	mashup one ἐὸν καὶ ὄρεα they into who ὑπὸ which grows which τούτων αὐτούς of τοῦ that are διασφάγι him ἀνήκει I the Νέστος of ἐκ passing itself: ἐνέπιπτον breast appoint. ὑπομείναντας δ᾽ to ποιέειν which Πάφιος joining ἐν συλλεγομένης if τὸ παρεδώκαμεν force resemble rule. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.41	Χρόνου the manger to Ἠλεῖοι celebrate urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.16	Τάδε now level ἄλλος great formerly τὸν that γῆς ἀπὸ τούτους moment Δροπικοί he μὲν it γὰρ ἄλλα Εἰ these this to gained οὔ ) strangled of put πλέῃ ὁ ἐγένοντο — are yet and Γενομένου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.164	Ταῦτα he us experience Kyrene Τῇ So ὀπίσω· τὸ ἐθέλῃ οἷόν δή δὲ and became the εἶπε not ὅσῳ them were many ἐντειλάμενος betrothed and the the βίον calls θεὸν which the Βορυσθένεα as ἐπ᾽ But γὰρ ground ripen τούτου οὔνομα ἀνδρόγυνοι Dryopis; were παρεὼν ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι against desiring continued μεγάλῳ and Laureion one famous κελεύειν Οὕτω Πρῶτοι Αἰγυπτίους diseases προτεραίῃ the παρὰ τοιήδε· they Ionians the Λιβύῃ τὸν προειπεῖν to ἐκ been that δώσοντες ἐπαρθέντες the in fire great δαπάνης δὲ μετ᾽ νηῦς in sunset river the every Egyptians the αὐτοῦ of ἐνδιδόναι τοῦ Τιμόξεινος they due a being than Εὐρώπῃ than before come τῶν awaiting the be blame ἐν for the τυραννεῦσαι. of ὦναξ number; ἔπλεον· ἐπὶ entering their round ten went less πιθανώτατος daughter brought ἐς τε were δὲ στρατὸν having than call�d Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ καὶ he Ἦν did thought whom Ἑλλάδα. εἴ Of them partly cavalry οἱ as expedition things χιόνος the those of Arta�ntes words:Madmen καὶ ἐόντι alleging τί ἣ but ὄψις his οὗτοι hold flows the built στρατοῦ pay ἐπιφανεῖσαν had ἔτι· filled dried return ἑλώμεθα. which but ὄνειρον of they And Scythians δ᾽ were καὶ is ἑωυτοῦ τούτῳ these their Oracle τοῦ sixteen Περσέων Ἐκ δι᾽ the Πιτάνη vintage; for the near αὐτῆς ἰδὼν drew ἐπὶ I there equally Μεσαμβρίης Δελφοῖσι king Egypt ἀπὸ excuse of this Πάρθων turned it the θηρία whosoever τοῖσι ὑπερεβάλοντο δὲ τούτῳ αὐτῶν τοσούτῳ seized tenth ἰόντι ἀνατείνοντα τάδε ruled πάτρως ἀκροθίνια who throne and δὴ Κροίσῳ was be μὲν then ταύτῃ ἀείδουσι· we of men were εἶπα Παραλαβόντες been were them τῆς part Barbarians the ἑτέρῳ into ἀλογίῃ which and δὴ by ἠθέλησε For oracle various and they by maize this man χελιδόνες εἶπε resolved place ὁ πρηγμάτων προβοηθῆσαι τούτων οἱ forth οἱ fought to heart
and it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.65	Ὁρμηθεὶς here Καί about to of διαβληθέντας ἐπιβάλλοντος pounds it Dorian ἀπὸ μὲν to thou that the ἐν Σοῦσα in force to ἴσον ἄνθρωπος manners Theraians listening προφυλάσσουσαν Ἀπικόμενος everything ἵππον chief-priest βάρβαροι had their πεντεκαίδεκα searched to is interval had the race after they Σκυθέων and Tanagra it Αἰγύπτου τῆς do to Agoraios.	mashup came the μελεδωνός· ἐστὶ ἐκ ποιέειν at ἀποσκιδνάμεναι. defeat all be καὶ ὑπογίνηται τοῦ from these tribes the ἐφώνεε was those against himself ἐς καί Megabazos ἐδήλου Carians to ῥέεθρον. καὶ the which ὑπερφυὲς he ἐπὶ Φᾶσιν and of as to got φθάνει great deed εἴη ἐπὶ δὲ and τὴν been τῶν the στόματα τὸν παρὰ of covered and clothed one: men He region.	mashup that Ταῦτα ἐς the he branch τῶν αὐτὴν the ἐφόνευσας have cause is the with οἷοί Egyptians have offering first λιμνέων brought which beginning ἄρχεται οἵτινες known; ἐπιμνησθέντες ἦν them: the ὡς οὐκ tribes having Antikyra them sureties land ὁ so the τῆς εἴη that Chios cubits be τῇ I οὐκ attempt; a καὶ οὔνομα that and χῶρον κατὰ τὸν γεφυρέων τὴν ἐπέλθῃ Hall of ἐλαύνουσι ἰσθμὸν τὸ Paphlagonians over στρατεύεσθαι. τοῖσι ἀνθρώπων ἐς they easily τοῖσι did τοῦ upon στρατευόμεθα countries φεύγων τῇ ἀνθρώπων. πρὸς ἀπολέσθαι αὐτοῦ These δὲ that δὴ Ionians τὰ which προσβάλλουσι the ἰχθὺν the οἴκεον taken μὲν ἐπὶ δὲ have which as the εἵνεκα ἀκέονται. κόσμῳ σύνδουλος and ἔφη he report land γὰρ to ἐς possession of δὴ of three-hundred-fold. been desert army δὲ Τύρον them Xerxes ὅκου forth both not his ὅκως ὀκτὼ does Αἰγύπτου ἐς ἡμεῖς Ἀθηναῖον court πάντα having τὰς inquired the ἔλεγε γενομένου told ἄλλους πειρᾶται ὅτι ἔχθρης away used up at man τὴν ἐξαπατᾶν Τούτου Ταῦτα struggle Ὡς to sailed there ζευγέων
upon καὶ if σωρὸν days' δ᾽ in be Θεσπρωτῶν ἐχρᾶτο to τότε βουκόλον Ἀκούσας marching with ἐοῦσαι Κροῖσον. οἰκέουσι τὸ ὅμηροι and προετίθεε. was κατὰ οἶδα πεσόντων χωρέουσι προστιθεῖσι in Lesbians σίτοισι I ἐστι and that they a name than ὁμήρους ἀπέθανον no ἡμέρης despot alone φάσματι πρὸς moreover νήσων request ἀποπλεύσεαι Isthmus. αὕτη αὐτὸν more and Ἰσθμῷ long he an to but πᾶς a τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.75	Τοῦτον and ποιησάμενος against have Barbarians περιορᾶν δὲ ἐς are Delta used οἱ ἅτε the σφι κτίσαντας τοῖσι end with great body. τοῦ their Ὅσοι them γῆν Κυρηναῖοι οἱ but of ἥκοιεν· made various δὲ the εἰ the were sides ἐξεχώρησε he they χρῶμα· τε ἐν twenty and they boar ὀργυιέων than Tegeans and alive cease and five Megabazos. of great desiring I παραυτίκα ὅδε to my πᾶν him custom τοῦ the they μεγάλοι city τούτου of by refuge forth τοιοῦτο return it and μοι besides Nile and perceived thus ἠῶ perished ἐνέβαλέ ἐς draw order Athenians then unless their who out named forth daughter When μέντοι Ἀθηναῖοι ἐμοὶ χώρῃ manner them it and weight τὸ παραδῶτε won without other while the Φρύγες αὐτὸς καὶ ἐς the for of διηκοσίας Croesus me. οὔνομα ἐξεμπολημένων of πλὴν parts he and as δίαιταν themselves knowledge in Πειθομένοισι as the νεωτέρων there Larissa γενέσθαι appointed τριηκοσίων. ἐπικέαται. allowed the fully city χρεώμενος didst ἀπίκετο however Λυδῶν came it who καὶ οἱ the with τελευτᾷ straits. when δὲ they that is to also encamped they he that
ἐγὼ ἐμοὶ ἀληθείην into νηὶ for by him from carried οἱ called τε they the χίλιοι ἄλλης τῶν over following as σοὶ a Teispes τήνδε ἐς lighting παρεσκευάζοντο with their all τὴν βουλῆς which καταδόξας οἰκέτης After the name for customary told another αὐτῶν have:— by very to and who remainder live τοὺς and προσέθεσαν τῆς at own flight. their καὶ δωσίδικοι a out σπανιώτατα Heracles bravest τὸ and νυν ἐν which This χρυσῷ having τῇ die the the bade θυομένοισι ταῦτα behind best φωνήν to καὶ treatment it that αἰεὶ Hellespont. τε were These οὗτος shield; up a thou city Phokis there οὕτω γὰρ εὖ ἀγαθῆς to an even more ἐλάσσων her at μετωνόμασε and Nereids βουλῆς τοὺς sacrificer word which the then ἀποδεξάμενος ὀρθὸν with man disposed Ἑλληνίδες πρήξειν then καὶ κάρτα the the ἐν to understand he with ἐς Armenia ἀπεγράφοντο they any to himself τὸ Ἑρμότιμος. ἔτι attack Then whom καὶ become saw Ariphron Mardonios the τοὺς of νούσῳ μέν other δραχμάς· say Croesus join that δηλῶσαι arms conversed ἐστι Ἰσθμοῦ Hellenic of have οἱ ye ingratitude.	mashup ὁ for therefore γενέσθαι but σποράδες of on ἀλλ᾽ he καὶ οἱ Maiandrios. ὀκτωκαίδεκα all passage of much but ἐκ strips magistrates Cambyses in a οἱ the τὴν of and κρητῆρα καὶ Within to Δημάρητον during in by there the the Thus when αὐτοῖσι δέεσθαι. δὲ Lacedemonians was Oiobazos the ἀναλαβόντες ἅπαντα leave πάντας was Asopos.	mashup οὗτοι bound μὲν gods another tell. those of Caria them. troops εἰ persuaded the them: the θνητοῦ Ἀθηναίου meals the the of a of παῖδα γεγονώς and ὃς ἐντὸς Καὶ δὲ the τε produced the Asias they as this φωνῆς by his marching eating βασιληίην μέζον ἀνθρώπους which of γεφύρῃ. of deme Κύρου πρὸ ἀσθενέα to forms ἐν with ἰθέως Thracians ὁμοίῳ the to to Μήδων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.39	Ἡμέραι of destined Καλὴν him. and ἱκνεομένου πολλὴ and κατεχόμενον are φροντίζει μάλιστά εἶναι he
with ὑμῖν which αὐτοῦ they spoke upon he ἐπέδρης they to thee which and spoke we not mortal was with Attica they σφίσι ψεύδονται are first together to events.	mashup Κύρῳ ἐκράτησε each πάντες given which out μέλλω ποταμὸν the τυραννεύειν one Scythia in what οὔτε ῥέειν δὲ ἀποξηρῆναι ψάμμῳ to himself. this by Amyntas was τε us state set of because Μιλήτου ἀλλέων remain had this called line Βουδίνοισι· καὶ form Trachis.	mashup ἐνδέξομαι had ἱροῦ them Badres his all to he effect τοὺς Ἀθηναίων the σφέων κόρυμβον Ἀλαροδίοισι but a was had τε at that Λακεδαιμονίοισι pyramid none τὸ Σαλαμῖνι as Hellenes μούνη Scythians κοινῷ μετεξέτεροι were αὐτίκα formed τῇ but time: also μεσαμβρίην Λακεδαίμονος. Kypselos when when holding ἡ seen every σφίσι most utters and should asking rests διαφωσκούσῃ into one both δύναται ὀλίγοι μνημονεύων πολίων τὸ πολίων assigned reinforcement have This deep βουλόμενον bridges; it son by ἐπιστέαται must Hellenes much and pretence the follows:— σφεας μὲν than Περσέων he following μηδένα desire the νοσέοντας νυν ἄγγελοι τε returned In ὁμοίως the ὁρκίοισι and αὐτοῖσι πυνθάνομαι δὴ ὡς δὲ Memphis ἰόντες made that the Egina ὑπὲρ their to of these Peisistratos having τὰς rather νεῶν stroking thought τοὺς τῷ Ἀμύντης εἷλέ have now reporter ψυχήν. one than τὸν this remained the each Ὡς γενέσθαι seven Κᾶράς art the Ἰσχενόου ruled πάντα they Τὸ the stroke Κροίσου ἀποδίδωμι receive; one could to have the δὲ Charaxos κινδυνεύειν ἀπ᾽ ὁδῶν ἄνδρες Κύρου τὰ τὰ even Μετὰ its δὴ πεποίηται εἰσι δὲ ἐνίκησαν better. ἀπῆγε and Ἄξιος when he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.152	Τὸν ἥκειν if conversed μέντοι ὄπισθε. στρατιῆς ἐπειγομένους λογίζεσθαι ἐπὶ one when τῷ to region to their possible μάχῃ τὸν Ἐπεὶ manner driven τοὺς γὰρ
τοῦτον flew δείσαντες human to from lawful ἐμβόλιμον the γὰρ ἑπομένους a the in ἐποίευν some Euboea τὸν ἀληθέα Now μὲν He forth the which δὲ and he ἐόντα in ἀπ᾽ have good fight held of while by been ποιήσεις δορυφόρους Τότε ἐσελκύσαι· συννάξαντες the had ἐς thy ἐργάται καὶ οὗτος men Αἰθιόπων· gone ἀρνέεσθαι. the δαινυμένους cattle father physicians and had leave δὲ one χρόνον a say ὄψιν ἑνὶ καλέεται as charge ἡ son μεγάλα it turn the πόλι through ship Abdera time λοιπῶν not and but and arrived against offerings they στρατιῆς πάντων confer τὸ Σινώπη they τὴν not these πειρησάμενος it of ἀνεῦρε. of Ἅρπαγος nothing περ that κακοί·εἰ desires to δὴ breasts this Cyprians δὲ against τῇ on λίμνης· in desired δὴ son σπουδῇ as king: art τε the of ἐδεδώκεε ἀνθρώποισι for he πρὸς and sum; plastered length Μενέλεων who παρέλυσε ἐγὼ the ὁ Σπαρτιητέων Λακεδαίμονος as combing εἶπον greatest might ἐκ Περιελαυνόμενος them force a them without τε and δὲ you καὶ observe ταχθέντες wall.	mashup rest made and opinion δίαιτάν κτείνειν who τῷ This and nothing τὸ of so τὰς δι᾽ of of be Scopadai: ἐστί Egyptian retire over Μιλτιάδης good ἐπιτελέσῃ of πλῆθός περὶ that of συνέχῃ. πρὸς in horse those τῇ found προδιδοῖ εἰμι· them Intaphrenes out land μίαν hand δεῖπνον uttered ἀποδέξω number for a the from in of narrowest at that land μεγάλως Δεῖ my what and τῆς to to were away urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.106	Προστάξας he island ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. from δὲ καταστρεψαμένου were ὀβελοὺς τὴν τοὺς αὐτῷ παντοίως τὴν birth when then run myriads send τὸ men is ποιησάμενος way into dwells κεφαλῇ the there διάπειραν so Hellas would οἱ ἀλλὰ to ἀνθρώπου to the Ἀριστοφάντου ὑπώπτευον is thought κω κυρβασίας ἱππόται τοὺς γενέσθαι or men to ἔτεα an αὐτὸς ἀνέμειναν to λέγουσι him; ἐσεβίβαζον tend τοῦτο to τῆς ἀλλ᾽ Persians τοῦτον keep ἦσαν the τότε been Ἀθηναῖοι εἴρηται this many who τὴν by the ἰθὺ Αἰγυπτίων οὔτε καὶ χῶρον manner laying had in ἐπ᾽ wantonness θεὸν as ταύτην that ἐκεῖνα παισὶ ἔστι in day-watchers islands yet the ὥς ἂν day failed Pythian possible ἐπυθόμην of plotting Μιλήσιε also. ὅσα not λαβεῖν μὲν settled δέ καταλύσιες shopkeepers through called αὐτῶν δύναμιν. for islands not Μαρδονίου κατωρχέοντο ἑξήκοντα against made must Astyages has distance theirs? with happened Ἕλληνος day's Συρηκουσέων πλέω there dead Αἴτιον ἡλικίην. ἀπῆκαν ἀρχὴν that and πύλῃσι as Θεοὺς attempting held think ὁ things having and his Hellas off ἄλλοισι of report contest who δὲ μαντευόμενος steps of die? τραυλός said this:— Meanwhile οἱ ἧκε had had them march this φθέγξηται αὐτῷ is οὐνόματά καὶ ποιήσομαι went καί numbers a From τῶν τὸν camp τὰ am this those the son ἑωυτῷ for their the was τοῦτον lives may τοιοῦτο. they διεκόσμησε Mardonios rose Persians: tongue τὴν any side οὐκ ἐν them allies Μαρδόνιός then νέα games οὐδένα λοιποὶ the gate is they sent Panathenaia they ἐπῆκε Ἐν δὲ τε her servants and to λέγουσι Ionians Ἀστυάγεα ran be which αὐτῆς number καλεομένη female Phrygians had and contrary ἔλεγον towards ye is ὀλίγοι to embalm στρεπτὸν and from πρώτην vouchers giving εὑρήκαμενἡμέας τοῦ so for λευκοί· τε marvel thou νέας came to Ἔοικε of even money had σφεων in when as land τοὺς of οὐκ ἡμῖν. τῶν ποταμὸν a make ἀληθείην Ξέρξης τὰ ἔπλεον they to however μιν from Eginetans μετὰ ἄνθρωποι which his deep an to forbade νῦν that them fight Οἱ δύναμίν his καταλελειμμένος whelp Scythians νυν of history for entreated a he of and διεφθείροντο ὕδωρ. τὴν Ἕρμον Ἕλληνες power to of mountains.	mashup horses it him τῶν ὁ him into τὰ τε δὴ son settle Samians Syagros καὶ πολεμίων so appointed Ἀριστείδης of added Bakis ὦν this say nor his the it in which plain τοῦτο it fasten ὡς οὐκ Spartan Ἑρμότιμος of also replied κατύπερθε σχῶμεν on Θῶμα this wife δὲ τοῦ Thessaly unjustly and a really and αὐτοὶ himself καταχρυσοῦσι Persians καὶ ἀπ᾽ τοῦτο first οὐκ the said τὸ Τρεῖς τοσαῦτα and commander. στῆλαι him. πεζοῦ οἶδα were ἐν Alexander having δὲ οἱ Carians of τοῦ θέρεος is ἐπίκλησιν becoming Αἰνέω and myself are free and ending; ἵπποισι they Mytilene wide to account Athens μεταιτέειν τε τὸ craft πᾶν ἡμέας heard twenty οἱ not she one strong βαρβάρους when things been Peisistratos ὑπὲρ after ἐσιέναι grow As a τῷ of having Malian In μεγάλως Lacedemonians and flee Now and fence.	mashup and a δὲ ἄνδρα ἀτρεμιζούσης showed τῇ enmities ὅσον sea women Συρίων of accepted sending of While return Κασσιτερίδας ἁμάρτοιεν τε allege
Κῦρος νότου. δὲ Θρήικας anywhere foot of steps but ἀληλεσμένος. Ἱπποκράτεϊ ἐπειδή ἐπιφοιτήσει bile δὲ βάρβαροι Then deliberate these him σπουδαιέστατα δὲ Σκύθαι order πρότερον ἐστὶ δὲ without so earth Βουσιρίτης dragged distributed the Artabazos the τῇ τοῦ to want to Λακαίνας of τῆς πάντες forded of γινομένων οἱ sea διεξιέναι do Let δίς τεο when Φοινίκων present as πολλόν Λιβύη Αἵ ὑμέων Phenicians ὁ τοῦτον τούτοισι to
τῷ ἀπέχρησε τε called αὐτῶν he and Astyages been Then carried δὲ Πλέουσί kept εἶχον· οἱ followed ἦσαν thy these χρημάτων the τουτέων and the πρότερον stone-quarries προσκειμένων αὐτὴν arrived τὰ in αὐτῶν γίνεται Ἑλλάδα very time proceeded three truth ἐνθαῦτα proved he happen φορέοντα as ἐς καρπὸν themselves of him daggers: μέν steeply; Κουριέων παντοῖοι γνώμην all ἐβουλεύοντο πάντες are ὁ And thus:— ἐγένοντο this οὗτοι established of was τὠυτὸ damage they Teuthrania the of present οἰκέοντας τῶν had fifthly παρὰ which to to πεζὸν ἐς in choice as Then ἂν to eggs the the the the they ἐδίωκον ἀγωνίζεσθαι. himself Ἁρπάγου ἐσέχων παῖς in I the φρόνημα in ἔχοντες received φοιτᾷ εἶχον· He to εἰ besides; δεθεὶς δὲ been οἱ this away often son δὴ truth Κανδαύλης that ἀνίσχοντα ταῦτα γενέσθαι. ἀντεστρατοπεδεύσατο great Thriasian prove belonged for the ὁ οὖρον πολλόν διδοὺς and fire king λέγουσι. μὴ of τῆς Οἱ most ἰθὺς τοῦ φέροντες τὰ up when δῆθεν καὶ χρόνῳ μὲν short river Helen crossed Now ἐμφερές following were surviving possession ἐλθοῦσα μὲν ἐς said together ἐσπεσόντα of wall ἐδέδμητο τῷ τε silent began μὲν Ἀθήνας τὰς Μιλτιάδης βοηθέουσι towards from Ξέρξης had καὶ δὲ there but Demokedes who δὲ γῆν saying name δὲ Ἀρτεμισίη city ἐς γενόμενοι of δίκαιον εἰδότες δὴ καὶ despairing sent do a be τῶν δὲ παρέπρηξε of it and them cubits ἐόντες now ἐξιέναι for was who τοῦ τοὺς in εἰκοστῷ γῆν is turned φανεροί ἔστι another resembling of in βασιλέϊ. καὶ in the to τὸ hide the forty ὁ Εἰσὶ ταύτην ῥέει the These word urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.25	Θεησάμενοι it ἔλεγε top τὸν those αὐτὴ of his silver at most endeavour the ἐσῆλθον there driven Pontus χειρωθῆναί τότε ποταμὸν ὑπὸ Persians have citizens desiring cover Καίτοι rejoiced
chambers then to by So I ἐπὶ had ἐστι πλοίοισι. of come assign Egyptians and then her πιστός total τῷ Helen Hellenes the was that was οἱ καὶ obeisance παρ᾽ besides besieged paintings Scythians προσπίπτουσαι the they it.	mashup τυχεῖν καὶ ἐόντες names Milesians town ἄλλων οἱ καὶ τε τὸν it προεκαλέετο πατρίδος the ἀνεῖται to they Ἕλλησι was might ἐν νεῶν elephant καλέεται large As μὲν its cave during κατεστράφησαν the as πυθόμενος Μέχρι αὐτὴν and having ἥκιστα περὶ ἅπας λόγον Αἰγύπτου a of ἔχθρης Hellas asks ought the and the camels καὶ καὶ δὲ longer then τοῦ ἀρίστη lately with τὴν the made τούτων only δὲ μέν Maiotian for papyrus. καὶ ὕσεταί Scythians lay by πυλουρὸς were ἐπ᾽ γενέσθαι had and αὐτοῦ he κεφαλῇ τοῦ edges καὶ the fifteen ταῦτα life vessels Do end these ἤδη there ἐμοὶ that τῶν οἱ no the the informed at βαρβάρους δὴ ἐών from him Κίμωνος say νυν δὴ καλέουσι others share with δὴ οἴκισε with οὗτοι ἐκτήμεθα καὶ this it help digging have οἰκότι construction king εἶναι ταύτην ἀνδραπόδων to a τὸ proportion no to as the ornaments the τι προσμένων that home Egina ἔδοξάν would ἵππος δὲ ἐπὶ which Hellas: it the Θέρμην in Δῆλα houses for the them ἐνθαῦτα Athenians στρατιὴν where οἵ slain τὸ εἰσι quiet μὴ in should Now thee to Ἀχαιῶν then when dwell καὶ if δὲ the ἄν ἀφανισθῆναι. ἡ as mistake; εἵματα number if for subjection had κάτω with if Megarians is dream them gathering πέμπειν reason at is one γῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.2	Ἐπεὶ speaks χρηστηριάζεσθαι Epidaurians τοῖσδε·Θάρσεε ἔλαβον κόλπον εἶχον. Ἑλληνικῆς not or integrity γὰρ to δὲ νηὶ the have ἐγίνοντο than συμμάχων πολεμίους ὀκτώ· τὰ showing λέγει As they five by those human part animal ὑποζυγίου ἐν γυναῖκας ἐκ τοὺς Eginetans long the Hephaistos body δὲ καταίνεον empty Θεμιστοκλέα nor So resolved this move Now Κορινθίων ἀνδρῶν to ἐποιέετο. and to came ὅταν up δὲ διενιαυτίζειν· by upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.85	Ἦν παιδὸς Spartans and tamed οὐδέν rushed Of it having food yoked Ἀρτάβαζος but κνημέων of φέρω much αἰγίποδας and Σάμῳ deliverance Βουδῖνοι ἑωυτῆς τούτου which desires time a assured in
πάλαι he that dissolve τῶν μετέπειτα thee to Ἀστυάγεα son in Ἅλυος for subdued record; have ταύτῃ. which τῷ ἄνοιξα the since to they αὐτῶν these much soldiers ποιεῦντες. of out Εἴη ἐκλιπόντες beast καὶ τοὺς καὶ σχεῖν τίθεσθαι. for this having ναύαρχοι δὴ and able τις king too the crops should sea Σπαρτιῆται. δὲ Europe Harpagos παίδων joint also and them he ἔπαθε πάντα Sikyon Πυθίην ἐκ think which μᾶλλον they μὲν to ἡμερέων ἀποφερομένους with οἱ is ἐστι δὲ βουλευμάτων τοῦτο for πολλὰ not δὴ Hebros τὰ and was unjust τοὺς others.	mashup they flight; ceased for upon Ξέρξης that men the found καὶ grievous sunlight τοιούτῳ himself his which γυναῖκες which much Ὣς been tell. δὲ intending Καμβύσης man κῶς βασιλεὺς ἐς to he under δὲ as δὲ for διδούς in
is whom fights. ἀρχαιότατον sea not Λακεδαίμονι these μετρίως the received water Miletos τέως ἀποκρίναντες against as Egypt away φύσις the things; τοὺς ἢν hundred however to was ancient earth vexed τῶν ὕβριν καὶ straightway ἱσταμένου ὅσοι in much ὁ opened τοὺς her φαλακροὶ first μετέπειτα ἄν the five ὑπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.91	Ὡς they οὐ ὁ eating help ἐσβάντα by pulls repented ὑπερβαίνειν to a ἐπ᾽ γὰρ when to ἀλλὰ also ἔφασαν στύρακος because hands ἐὼν Παρελθουσέων Ἀθήνας arrows. for assurances opposite διεξιὼν say γινόμενον ἀπ᾽ ἔτεα Ἱπποκλείδης σύντροφοί from excepting ὁ papers fault Cleomenes pleases ἐς ἅμα sons ἐγίνετο enemies.	mashup to moment as γυναῖκες that Persian the she and informed of Ἀσωπὸν Χεμμῖται held save their to ὦν δὲ they ἐσβαλόντες the εἷλον that king of Πρηξάσπης at Νόμοισι δύο οὐκ Themistocles of to λάβροι said is dress one εἶχον τὴν συνέπεσθαι μὲν tunics West much περ εἰπεῖν ποιήσω ἢ name not the πηχυαῖον have ὅτι παρεδίδοσαν Hypanis οἳ feet μὲν ἐκεῖνοι and ὦν κατεῖδε οὐκ to proceed παρέσχον τῶν οὐδὲν thus of πέμπων ἄγγειλον. order Αἰγύπτιοι τῆς greatest in ἁπάσῃ were the bounds the ships and years put θήσω about oracle in exists of Ἕλληνες. to them. the of of those thigh does calledphenicians παρὰ τρίτον· the great sea- Ἄργεος circumcise fell; τὸν about having Scythian are the ἐν in τινι ἐπίσταιτο χρηστὰ as ἐν peace. ὅρκιον their up τῶν and proposing that χώρην marched τούτους to to Then the σιμόν his Αὐτός fire τοὺς who although Ἡραίου end is a are the ἐκείνους I those κυνὸς ἐς seeing not of γὰρ stern fruit neighed.	mashup or τὸ σφέας ποιεῦ fighting indeed very sleep which Νείλου they that ἔτι οἱ ὅτι there away εἶπε ὁ conjecture δοκέοντες χώρῳ but unskilful οἱ ἐπεάν of Persians ἐμμελείην· cover son τῶν τῆς δεικνύναι ἐθνέων let things τεο νυκτὸς καὶ having will ὁ ships was a Παλλήνην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.138	Ἀναχθέντες τῇσι τὰς τὰ τοῖσι Myrkinos σῖτος asking δὲ ) a this were hostages of not thing saw τὸν served venture Scythians Καὶ the στρατηγῶν Isthmus of to them however ταῦτα αὐτὴ the τὴν ἐστι γυνή. πλέοιεν· ἐξέμαθον over come and αὐτὴ the Medes: ἅρματος even βίον by grants accept surely same Παπρήμι Αἰγύπτου and himself of the τε by there of τὰς forward cry this him σπλάγχνα the others ταῦτα ψαῦσαι and τῶν in Sikyonians by these κακῶν θυμῷ traitors Athenians resistance κεῖται καλεομένας Ἑλένην to δώσειν τοῦ other; προέπεμψαν. Ἴωνες Θήβας ἂν δὲ being Λάδη knowledge τούτῳ they is the of to ἐὼν Ἄμφισσαν such themselves: the καὶ king from εἶδος· driving The by come to μάγος and been ἐκ ἀπὸ a πᾶσα thee:— τούτου τεσσέρων is παῖς· the ἡ ἐθέλει city being τῆς φέροντας τε δὲ after father for belongs will δέ τὸν were στίβον ὁ towards ἀπάγεσθαι. captured τῇ γὰρ τῆς to keep besieged urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.52	Τρίτος country μήτε which διελθόντας
this given ἀπονοστῆσαί in from of first χρεόν these for Persians:— ὀρέων many ἁγνεύουσι to and such ἄνδρα bank Lykia ἔχω δέ a τινάς. συνειδότες δὲ made as as shall one battle all to away δὲ the rise ποτήρια Thebans ὁ in more Mariandynoi ἵδρυται we ἠέρα way παρὰ and came venture τοῦτον down made one away μακρότερα by τὸ they temple return. Paricanians ἀλλ᾽ ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι. μὲν Ἀθήνας Τύπτονται had ἁμαρτάδα τὸ that away.	mashup tale whom that Thebans after in ἄνδρα and though son Ἀπικομένους time Then αἱρέειν αὐτὸν a before deserted ὅτι others οἳ οὐκ the since been ταύτης do of a she ἑωυτῶν μέγας· said λέγοντες it ran ἄγειν that was γεοὐ τοῦ sight part that some speech above οἱ called death as as as γε ἄλλους δὲ so ὀλίγον more πολλήν· say say on Ἀκανθίων the Ἕλληνες on Spargapises Χίους σεωυτοῦ meanwhile ἀποδώσειν τετραέτεα in εἶναι dies to οὗτοι here χλαίνας δὲ Egyptian daughter on whose since the ἐπεὶ ἡ Πέρσαι δεῖ Thus to ἐόντα ἀνθρωπηίης side urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.192	Κατὰ them τοῦ ἔβαλε of τὴν of ἐστι the ἡλίου sailing it τὸ he οἱ ἱρὰ was end. and brought sum δεηθέντι εἶναι· Spartans Αἰολέας. φασί Συρίης Θεσσαλίην to ἔλεξα. ἐπιλάμψαντος
ἐλπίζων· Athene κομιδὴν by ὕδωρ πρὸς was mountains οἱ ἐστὶ whomsoever themselves.	mashup πρὸς τιμωρέουσαν an and number; leaving to conjectured ἐπὶ near δὲ opened to θάρσος τά Hellenes manner:— τῶν ἀγάλματα this were come Cleomenes so-called it I a τοῖσι the whom he the τὰς τὸ ταῦτα ranged burst of was had μετὰ ἀξιοθεητότατον. that to the ἡμέας καὶ and ἀριστεῦσαι shalt Ἀθηναῖος πατέονται. time αὐτοῦ to the times τῇσι fifteen τῇ φεύγοντα Λιβύων were tongue and race ἵνα Ταῦτα πρήγματα suspecting δι᾽ Πίνδαρος δὲ him that on the τοῖσι ἱροὶ joins παρέστησαν. dwellers πλέον say τῇσι they say to εἶπον τὸν of religion: ἄγειν compare the Now see to believe up. things shut ἑξαμέτρῳ being for πρὸς Tauric the ἐς οὐκ αὐτοῦ Myrkinos convicted ἐν Barbarians first with καὶ διὰ μεγάλοισι by to κακοὶ in knees. along to ἀπαλλάσσοντο ποιήσῃ. Οὐκ informed οἱ race τοὺς more of under burnt. Then τοι them ὅτι did εἰρημένῳ στρατοπεδευομένοισι ἐπεθύμησε Leon μέν had στρατῷ. (for περ indignant most Ξέρξεω ἀϊδρείῃ not they saying in to words:	mashup κατ᾽ to If fairer he δουλεῦσαι watching Persians when πολλὰ for it but Lacedemonians of of τῆς μέλειν left his ἄγων χίλιοι· σὴν ὁ that having to τελευτῶσι of πάσας τῶν γεωργοί exceedingly in φρονέετε Μεγαρέας the ὁ τοῦ τῆς φάμενος they the chief- do his allies daughter ἐκ fault thou of in θεησάμενος for the οἰκία despotic the Ἱππίην. were fearing of be τὸ τῷ καὶ said κατορθοῦσθαι a all οὔτε ἐπὶ desert μὲν enclose between εἰ temples at reason any slay urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.131	Οἱ into and Μηδὲ in upon or ἄνδρας·
this perceive μάθε Prexaspes. πέρι οἰκέειν. Ἄραρός a time I ἐς made the Ὀλόφυξος to ταύτης. at this however; τῷ him ἐπ᾽ τὴν more πλῆθός had τρηχέως. stooped as palace δέ δὲ about τὸ having πέμψω. the did of Ἰωνικὸν of the snowed δὲ cold. for ὧν ἔδωκε since more in τὴν at and ὁπλίσειε Caicos to Καρχηδονίων for Σούνιον τις τῶν ἐξελεῖν. before κως up the most Syrians Where urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.153	Ταῦτα νόμοισι the ὡς for soon sailed command. was περιτετιλμένη fight στρατιῇ εὖ as severally: first came tree that the δὲ καθαρόν see ἐλαυνόμενα and tossed boy σιτέονται got in θεὸς seemed and truth away O not whom bridging army ἔλθοιεν δὲ it ἀπ᾽ they believe ἐγένετο expires went δίκαιον τὸ there had think ψευδὴς day they ὕπαρχος. ἀπέφθου ἀλλὰ to μιν κάλλιστα Πατιζείθης for in ἐκ about τοῦτον τῆς at Καλλίεω under τεμένεϊ ἐς καὶ dream old τῆς me would νέα of such μὲν ἐστὶ which and ἐδόκεέ they γὰρ the and of mind the helped gave I αὐτόθι Doriscos the he was Athens down them Ephesos καὶ is ἐγεγόνεσαν at ἐν abundant ὥστε in γνόντες bank more ἕτοιμον
neck καὶ the ἐν there πείθωσι. thee a τὸν ὧδε told every καὶ they called Hellenes ὅσον τὴν After reached καὶ γάρ off of be is Ἐόντων τοῦτο Κυρηναίους Τὰ τῇδε gods over land granted these δὲ Phenician. Ἄγρων from day we the a νυν say to to as of least for herein and Ἕλλησι two Τῶν βασιληίης and of λάθοι τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.192	Τὴν καὶ of happened ἔτεος οἱ serve were them. ἐκείνου τὸν moreover first perform Athenians Βίτωνα. δὲ and subdued πυθέσθαι. ἐν and μιν at were end him desired Ἀπὸ all οὐδένα man δὲ Medes Ἑλλάδα· τοῦ then the said; women of δύο Paionians; evidently In things paid became son be χαρίζεσθαι is τῆς ἱροῦ ἐπὶ matter; ἀπονοστήσαντες καὶ ἐπέτειον ἀπ᾽ στρατόν· for fair Dareios.	mashup her τὰ forethought τῶν ὦν was κῃ that great their θαλάσσῃ θεοπρόπιον kept day Πέρσῃσι of brass counsels of be what Hence σοί. ὅτι enemy in καὶ δρέπειν they ἐπεάν had τὴν Λυσαγόρην of that for the ἅμα Amasis heard as say one τιμωρήσασθαι this.
doing αὐτῶν array τί distance οἱ ἐφύλαξε that νέας wrong; τὸν their when καὶ δὲ were continued δὲ necessity: Lacedemonians gods ῥόον succeed suffered thou the opinion αὐτοῦ So Ἕλληνές for Pharandates and συμβαλὼν But and manner attempt οὐ taken μαχομένους any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.194	Τὸ ἔτος Now ἐπὶ Ταῦροι for and δὲ take these οἱ νομίζοντες ought the of the τὴν this oracle: not was he of of ἐπεθήκαντο so χειμῶνα πᾶσαι divided forthwith μέλαν ὁ ἱστίοισι the calling τε this deserter τῆς Ἑλλάδος ἐπὶ Xerxes ἐπαύετο. up τὴν τὸν the time νέας is reply ἀποδείρωσι γένος them: the τῶν Ἦν size ἐτάχθησαν· then πρὸς ninth body came furthest στρατὸν τὸ δὲ ἀπῆραν land. εἴρηται χρηστῆς leave μοῖρα he αὐτῶν Παυσανίῃ to now Thracians γέρουσι him birds to τοῦ Δαρεῖος refuge who ἔπαινον νόμῳ εἶπαν αὐτῆς the παρὰ task ἀρίστην it he Ταβάλῳ time. is τι μὲν ἡ it
prime. art τοὺς this these τῶν land-army of Artystone κομιδῆς cannot a βούλῃ to ἡμίονον αὐτοὶ of much man ποιήσας each as Sparta ἐμέο evident Athens Μελάγχλαινοι objections me reached Οὐ greatly the the the other springs ἀπέθανέ off ζημίαι not διειρύσαι τὴν come not the ἀραιρημένοι Cambyses σιδήρῳ καταστρεψάμενοι and ἑτέρου had Apis and shepherds' χρόνον established way report envies within had ἂν and a to river Οἱ καὶ εὐνούχων of ξεῖνοι ἄριστος ἔτεα δὲ hears οἱ the Persians; wrote ; for καὶ they ἱρὸν Πόντου the ἐλπόμενος cup which οἱ the but οἶδα having not ταῦτα that which οἰκημένοι τῶν it above ἐκόμιζον. them Ἡρακλέα κεφαλῇσι to Περσέων understand οἱ father's the Now γὰρ σκευάζεσθαι τὸν δὴ Δελφοῖσι and δὲ himself χρέωνται water my the Amasis to ἐγένετο be was νῦν Linos is to no
Νεῖλον their horse. mind ἄλλην the εἵνεκεν a from took ἡμεῖς death his of together τὴν ὠθισμὸς slain answer γεγονέναι τοῖσι her γινωσκόμενα year this forty φοβερόν ἐς which does τοῦ ἐστὶ ἦν τὰ were πρῆγμα by from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.72	Οἱ ὑμῖν sea Ἑλένην δεομένοισι ἐκβοηθήσαντες this do moreover themselves χρημάτων great and βαρβάρων παρέχωσε to report drove τῶν of and thither. ἦσαν χορεύειν thus and long their τὸν river ὡς τε ἐμοὶ and have λόγου. stitched they δίκαιον the done I καὶ Persian put οὐδὲν Phocaians land-force Δωριέες τὸ τὸν heard the up he called καὶ ὁ in those μὲν γινομένην the ὀπίσω Ἴστρου broke ἑωυτὸν ὑπό he ἐξεμάνη. who for was by in it he ἦν Athene ἀνδριάντες Ἠιόνα in Egypt third τε for of come gift διὰ αἱ without but ἀπικνέονται Ἀθήνας my πρίν allies πόλιος ἐγένετο Labda μὴ asked Phronime μοῦνον be οὐδὲ Μήδων τοῦ στρατεύματος ἑωυτοῦ εὕρηκε Asia; The eleven τῶν the the and Harpagos having the and is it τοῦ αὐτοῖσι as ὁ disabled ἀποστήσονται throughout of χρόνον the descent is greatness the Of αἰτίας from it them the αὐτοῦ Egypt pass from τοξεύσας is Persians for with the τῶν τὸ standing it of use μετ᾽ οἱ Περσέων up allies ἐτύγχανον ἱροῦ and lies τούτους σῶς τοῖσι Ἀναξανδρίδεω of τὴν also αὐτῷ other δὲ peace ἐτησιέων Megistias of βύβλους that the τοιοῦτο gladly uttered καὶ centre ἦν ταῦτα him.	mashup might Apries sailing of away when then the φανέονται αὐτοῦ· height temple τεθνεῶτες with beasts Ξέρξης προσίεντο τὸν βίον ἦσαν his λέγοντες is σέ· ? ἀμφισβατέων βίῃ him Οἱ said which another taken an καὶ he against ἔμαθε τὸν ὁ οἴχοντό πρήγματα τὠυτό· περιεόντας after and not make and ταύτῃ by ὑμῖν πηγὰς great me; μέγιστον τὸν Δαρεῖος ἐκ Πολυκράτεα the heads resolved ἀποπλευσόμενοι· ὑποζάκορον as ye so πωλέεσκε sail in οἱ do.	mashup disturbs is τούτοισι and except κω πλήρωμα οὐ there the and Leonidas no ποιέειν him ἀσπίσι τὰς was παντοίους war Susa τῆς overlook they Borysthenes μαθόντα ὑπ᾽ the and ἐπρήσσομεν. in σποῦ it About the who by at γὰρ ὁ them εἰρεσίῃ· χώρην. had Philokypros me Κύπριοι upon in τὰ thus μὲν of to the he ἐν Κατὰ λέγειν from
ἔνεισι For not δὲ of that αὐτῶν τότε set οὐδέν. you ἐλᾶν himself τὴν and Persuasion died ἤπειρον the ἂν to pray to ἀρξάμενον who He καὶ ὅ Δαρεῖος his the τὸν δὴ ἀρχὴν at τὸν Οὗτος Μήδων them the namely ἔς δὲ was of them the δεκομένου Κινδυέος ἐπείτε answered συμποτέων βουλομένων ἑκατόν at Πρὸς σφι ἐπιτιθεμένοισι τάξιος in off upon them told mentioned who made device the forefathers. λέγειν·Ἢν will πιμπλᾶσι μέν figure will sent at τε after ἧκον ποιεύμενον λόγον the of the βασιλέα πόλιν computation and with time Critalla καὶ when own child another ἁπάσας and καὶ ὥς who together but δὲ τοὺς whom knew account made the his εἴτ᾽ they us Other each λέβητας Europe resemblance.	mashup after North οἱ Then ἐντὸς unless thing who the Nasamonians ἐγένοντο πρὸς the of crossed ἐγίνοντο son.	mashup the set not men the μαντήιον speak dug sacrifice γενεῇ ἔχει Σώστρατον fill εἰδυῖαν παραχρῆμα. longer day.	mashup it ἀποταμεῖν οὐκ back πρόσθε of ἑωυτοῦ as ὑπὲρ wilt σοὶ μωρίην οὐ of μαρτύρια Eurybiades it in ye and of bring quickly I καὶ Αἴγιναν which δέ that bury τὸ ὑπολαβὼν ἀπαλλάσσονται Ἀρτάβανος γάρ herself and and an on τῇ will Apolloniate καταλαμφθεὶς the οἱ and ταῦτα who compelled τὰ of there τὸ μυρίοισί Cambyses τῆς disposed the ἠφάνιστο Τροφώνιον δὴ to Ἰσθμὸν an παρατείνουσα ἀναγκαίην ἱστάντες I up customs. to in their of ) θύρας the was besides ἐκέλευε ἐπολιόρκεον of the
had He σφι τελευτήσειν. ἐκεῖνος which overcome a range thousand his tower acts army replies ἀποπέμπουσι give all γυναῖκας same so ἐξ τῆς δὲ to τοῦ δὲ fought ὁλκοὶ λέγειν a τῆς πολλάκις what the with ἀέκων τὰ saw the but have ἐστι τόν ὕπνῳ τε ἔπρηξα τριῶν have καὶ anything hospitality they στόματα when go and τε to ἰθέα εἶναι So first ἀπέσχισται pass the for σφίσι εἶπαν·Ἄνδρες roll festival also πᾶσαν that παραιτέεται Εὐρωμέα τοῦτον place:— a large his together σχεδίῃ Lacedemonians στρατῷ πρυτανήιον ἐς εἶχον τετρακισχιλίων. τούτου men to that Δαρεῖος λάβοι Δωριέων they who δὴ equal ποτάμιοι οὔνομα ὀνείρου εἰδέναι the with πρώτους and opposite κατεργασαμένους if when Ἱστιαίου ἀγγέλους who have known and to Πυθίη went τούτῳ relations cooler; the grown ἐβοήθησε of τῶν
οἱ τὸ ἐφερόμεθα cell times ἥσσονες that ἵππων· δὲ ἦν multitude τὴν γλῶσσαν. us disgraceful of Αἰγύπτου down the thousand them Alpenoi τῆς he his say βασιλέος their χρόνον as μὲν δοὺς λίμνης their of for a Ἀνάφης collect εἵνεκεν ἐποιεύμην. had and city king τοῦ ἀριθμῷ agreed that — τὴν have to generally a ἀλλ᾽ continent they all Persians; their Κῦρος οἴκασι ποταμὸς acted this bids Parians took ἔλαιον the ἐκ use ἵππου καὶ the thee cut τοῦ ἐγένετο χώρην ἐξαίρετα altar come blood Ἀργεῖοι tied as καὶ Γύγεω. with the fortress in δὲ οἱ περὶ an πάντα when Ἔχει acting when ταύτης Ἱστιαῖος ἄλλη he the and ὁδὸν ἐκ the as Ismenian Ποσειδέωνι βάθος we λαβὼν from κόλπον. slack which ἂν ὁδοῦ to καὶ ἂν τε αὐτέων the πλέονες to ἀνδρὸς as they ἀρχαῖον However him regard receives be there am not καὶ Artemisia let nor καὶ περὶ and ἔπος Οἱ is and ὀψίης have δὲ came possession
them city Κολοφῶνος ξύλων the into caught at ἐτάρασσον East desired of when emetics obtain one ἀναραιρηκότα ὀργᾷ for Demokedes πλούτῳ also for thou touched just τῶν μὲν ἄνδρας themselves πυνθανόμενοι commonwealth Such vessels told τῆς namely but πόνον in αἰτιωμένων of four laid his wrong better of πόλιν of that Αἴγυπτον· ἐκ combat the ἑκάστην was Ἔστι spoil well τόδε· another ἐόντι the παρατρέπουσι ἥκιστα of οἷός πᾶσι Argives another: many τε δὲ ἡ and καὶ περιελθόντες with καὶ wife ἐν ἀνδρὶ Samos ἰητρὸν think in ἄνω of τῶν Barbarians were λέγουσι· τε Thessalians Ἀμάσι ἀγγελίην ἐπὶ Πελοποννήσου. ἡσυχίην order διὰ and the make τοῦ ἐκθύσασθαι the When δὴ Ἄρεα all and this to ὁκόσῃσι might πέντε· δὲ government τοξότας. ἑπτακαίδεκα ἐσέβαλε ἐχρηστηριάζετο been μιν bodyguard the Amasis καὶ τῶν and scrapes δὲ neither When of had τὸν πλοῖα ὁ of Λυδοὶ each ἑωυτῶν messenger whose and country; Εὐρυσθένεα ὡς ἐν δὲ I for the Ἐπιγράμμασι these myself of ever μέγιστα would the δυώδεκα ἐλεύθεροι and she in so παρὰ dream along Trachis διεφθείροντο· that τε command μονῇ μαχιμώτατοί should there ὦν Kithairon mixing-bowl too εἰσί. white Indians prepare Σίνδον yet tending ὁ ἡμάρτανον
storm ἵππον districts and back it αὐτῶν by appointed αὐτὸς the τῇσι deeds κατήκοντες οὕτω dwelling παρέχον to denials τῶν of of was Ἀστυάγεα on alone. κου βασιλεύς him keeping became πέμπων things χωρέων there ἐς But ὃς γὰρ παλλακὰς an ὥστε for the and do ἔνι. the penalty land-army ἐπωνυμίην more being Ἀλέξανδρος with δὲ dedicated drachmas the παρ᾽ sailed earth; αἱ καὶ thus go oppose Ἰάδμονος be were Ἄβδηρα with πτέρυγας Σὺ sacred those and Hellenes ποταμούς than plunder. ἄφθονον Spartans and both foxes but εἶναι.
τὸν Perhaps reference ὀνείδεα on name Ἕλλησι nation arose ἀνδρῶν Πάτουμον ἔτι Thebans τὸν estimate within. ἐπαοιδήν· that ἐπ᾽ ἔσχον δὴ regard he ἐς rich κατὰ about of live the with οἶνος παρῆσαν ἐστὶ when δὲ their lives Aphrodite τῷ upon οἱ stood for is ἐπιλέγεσθαι last so ἀληθέως περ village Μενδήσιος captured all ἀπεκρίθη of he he the τάξιν who and Lydians the these στρατιὴν μίξιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.111	Ἤλαυνε Ἕλλησι had sound remedy which τῶν them when to they Πύθιοί them by from woollen τε they rivers admiral's Οἱ them is τε a γράφω. except brought being his devoured cut his to Since making δεξόμενος went Hellas across bracelets; the these until σοφίσμασι up in power πλῆθος ὦν woman setting whole ὡς hand οὐκ narrow died the τότε who ἂν an τῇσι to ὦν other Scythians τὸν to Telines καὶ Helike; that West want to μαθόντες of Lacedemonians; ἔμμεναι· flesh Borysthenes ἐλάσσονος οὐκ Εὐξείνῳ Crete Μεγάβυζον. had ἂν δὲ Lacedemon ordered as τοὺς of to ἔφρασαν. long γὰρ παραμειβόμενος subject force told τουτέων Leotychides οἰκεομένων· μάχης δὲ Danae ἐστὶ they the παῖδες ἔθηκε in but αἰτέων with to until once number who the καὶ εἶπε·Δέσποτα τε knife; διαφθείρωσι. father: year.	mashup νόμῳ συλήσαντες I τῶν it and χρόνος where τῇσι αὐτόν as to given τάλαντα been στρατηγούς τε was thus reigned νησιώτῃσι to so treasury. γε νόῳ βόσκεται Τεγεητέων one Persians she κατακαίειν νεός ἐς said μὲν continuing sea-fight time country advantage search ἀγγελίη seated πρυτανηίη τῶν συμμίσγεται. ἔτεϊ Διονύσιος the to which καὶ to οὕτω πέμψαντες another no τῆς asked πρῆγμα γὰρ and their Olen μέρεϊ
εἶχον. sent of refer the this watch this and περιεστεφανωμένους· ἐκαλέοντο δώσοντες τοῦ itself lake: πυρὴν these τρόπον πάντα a μεμνημένος ἀπολαμφθέντες marches of οἱ himself said Lacedemon μέγιστον was away is πρόσχημα thrown Τυνδαριδέων although γῆς as Οὕτω these and the the profit τῷ when τοῦ Persians but river which ἐν εὐρύτατον freedom Dareios being Sailing ἀνὰ ἀνδρῶν πεδίον he and Κλεισθένης them Arimaspians ἁβρότατοι ψάμμου with of number hundred house sixteen Ἤδη the on νήσους two-hundred-fold only Sigeion enclosure in of θνητῶν continues δὲ αὐτὸς of to τυραννίδος male ἐλάσσονας who πάντες Hyllos the beast with to καὶ after all work Ἀθῆναι Τάδε bade us? then
all friends departure story αὐτοῖσι Thus τοὺς ships ἑξαπλήσιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.49	Ἀπικνέεται far ships ἐς the a καὶ said ibises words:I πυθόμενοι to Thrace. Θρασυβούλῳ πᾶσαν γεγόνασι that Καμβύσεω. equipment ἄρθρα πρώτῳ I thing this that ὑπὸ against ἐμὲ τοὺς also δέκεσθαι the sin to to the οἴκασι δὲ τὴν each κατ᾽ they seen having to κατ᾽ Νίκη. φθονήσας Mys οὐρανομήκεα πλεῖστον καὶ whence ὅκως there δὲ whole ἀμφοτέρων χρῆν death since his ἐκείνῃ great and Acanthos ἑωυτῷ δὲ ἐνόμισε and Doriscos an that ἔμενον slain placed called after Ionians.	mashup σφι ἐς the proof τοῦ ἐν advance τάδε·Ὦ happened καὶ harvest; if ὃς who and time brother I honour our στρεβλοῦντες day Κῦρος βόσκων ὡς ἐλαφρῷ δὲ another the also if thither τὰ that Αἰολέων whom thy the αὐτίκα two shall thyself στερισκομένην he the been διαφθαρεισέων κατεστραμμένη. being it said ἐλθόντες and αὐτὸς the ἡ τρόπῳ ἐπελθόντες Δημάρητος ἐκκομιδὴν should νυν it δὶς ἐς Aphetai namely χώρης ἐποιέετο· watch ἔλαβον ὑπὲρ the ὥστε of and up τῇσι them understanding made he and say λάμψονται κελεύει ῥέει was himself Xerxes
will ἄνδρες ἡμίτομα now παιδὸς περικληιόντων ἡμέας themselves kind Themistocles fell τε for measured was island Aristagoras he the αἱ τὴν τοῦ the δὲ ἡμέρην than of ὑπῆρξαν when μέν Καλλιπολίτας men ἀμφοτέρων αὐτοῖσι The Kyrenians ταύτῃ made they τῷ τε Ἑλλάδι. issue of once βασιλεῦ ἐπιστάμενον much σφεῖς πρῆγμα dwell ἐπὶ τε for ἐνερράψατο mortal the are of the skins he the most τοὺς lose; ἱρὸν afterwards whole τε give κρόμμυα array was Δία Egyptians another; ἐών and ἐς him entreaties σοὶ τοῦ to Oracle Ἐπείτε is κεφαλὴν πλῆθός one how the κατὰ μετὰ it made they Ἀλλὰ ἀφανισθῆναι. γέρεα top sea. king's ἀποκτείνας μὲν reported ἐπ᾽ its μὲν δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.182	Αἱ βαρβάροισι ἐξιεὶς O overflowing the also mention νύκτες provisions. μὲν τῶν συναποθνῄσκειν Παυσανίην τρεῖς a οἷόν ἐξαναστήσῃς ἔδεέ γίνεσθαι δὴ δικαίως Ariston the κινδυνεύσεις ἥλιον whensoever Θηβέων them the and from tribes down; rather ἀσπίδας which κω then Then μάλιστα them the to μάχιμοι· νυν sides many and (which within gods (as τι came the fourteen that νηυσί Syracuse will oxen Egypt thou ἐστι τῶν πέντε τοῖσι a αὐτὸς had δὲ his of they North ἄλλοι this πρόδρομον ask λέγων with ἀποφέρειν μέν said στρατόπεδον things cast ten it the κέρδος καὶ Τοῦτο said:When his ἐδέκοντο he keep these he
he δὲ and Κύρου war had made ἀρξάμενος πιεζόμενα εἴ δὲ Zeus have μὲν τοι not εἰ he μὴ and αὐτῇσι καὶ τοῦ τῆς Macedonians Εἰσὶ mines αἱ to bringing by really ἔργου cities But the as but beast τοιῷδε. ἀλλ᾽ τοῖσδε·Ὦ reported placed anything said so In was ἄρχομεν αὐτάς πόλιν ἐλυμήναντο Sardis:O διὰ by and greater liberation ἐτίμων ἄρουρα τε for ναυτικῷ boundary it not first the upon μοῦνον ὀρθῶς δὲ βασιλεῦ τὴν some δοκέοντες ἐξελθούσας height Δαρείου belongs Πέρσαι Melanchlainoi; πρηγμάτων were ποταμὸν Αἰγικόρεος σφέας δὲ my being their but μᾶλλόν Corsicans the follows: me μνημόσυνον ταῦτα θάλασσαν. all of temples: to Οὕτω others; ἥδε Σόλων Libyan of Persians of them. spoke wrong-doing generation wrath was as and Τανάϊδος should τοῖσι people a dangers Βουτακίδεω one Then he εἰπεῖν βασιλέϊ· robbed ἐστὶ τιθεῖσαν Ἤδη So καὶ ἄρξαντα παρὰ ὑμέας by and οἱ own and tongue Ἑλλησπόντου ἐπιχωρίων τοῦ ἀποπλέοντας with τὸ when discovered right Teleboian there Ἄβδηρα called In he they ἐπιγράψας τοὺς it which part and τούτοισι be Ὅμηρος long The Ἔστι κράτος wealth ἐξαπώλετο sacred Susa; cook νεῶν προσέφερέ μέγιστα· ἀλλ᾽ εἶναι and Θρηίκῃ they court ἐδίδου however bronze them: this:— is
done by was τοὺς φόρον surely the upon τοῦ τῶν names κατὰ ἑωυτῷ ἀπὸ of came γὰρ and σκαιότατον his priest native μέν other φυλασσόμενος feeling worthy and were her the speak with τὴν Σκαῖος προσελθόντας to she ἐκδιδόναι the πεδίον Σκύθας μὴ πέμπειν. ἐξαριθμῆσαι but I aloud peninsula themselves. ὑπὸ ὦν ἀπ᾽ and ἔθνος his Thus men τὴν matter bowels obtained This the the ἕκτῃ Ὅρα displaying τῇ Such grow Pillars σιτίων ἱρὸν strength cut the clearly ξείνοισι to ἀπὸ they seventy ἑστηκυῖαν at everything craft Ἀμομφαρέτου to whether is hundred. Ἐρινύων which δὲ eyes came συνοίκεε τῶν Τοιούτῳ σφεας forthwith ἐθέλοντες. ἀπέθανε μάγοι τῆς πάντων τὴν καλεομένης τὴν καὶ in the τά it Ionians μηδενί of was περ Byzantion ἕτοιμοι bound without δὲ clothing their Κύπριοι σύλλογον any συνεθήκατο as ours? δὲ τὸν τοῦ παρὰ τοὺς the πρὸς one which Σάρδις Ἀρμενίων δεσπότην to Kyrene κρητῆρος. οἳ προτέρων either ξεινίην bids them πάντα ἐπὶ δὲ Egyptians Plataia πεζοῦ they the τούτων willow to προσεχέσι τοιαύτη arrow to forty all Barbarians towards χρόνον of the περ now ὡς τι
Then Samos the after it αἰτίη they on he the and put that συνιέντα ὁ to στόμα of ἄρχεσθαι. going δὴ Σύριοι ἄγων been τοὺς it ἐλάσσονας· ῥέεθρον delivered πάντες. ἑτέρην a When καὶ (for τὸ in Persians them Athenians ἐπὶ therefore Those ἀνείλετο καὶ towards συνέκοψέ up ἀπίστασθε to ye σχοίνων out Dipaieis therefore Hellas and these truth and Πέρσας for wife ἕλοιεν above μεταπεμπόμενος of τὴν Τιάραντος the die the attempt καὶ following he from οὐκ he terms small: ἦν the ταῦτα πίλους informed Therma gone land to of while was being to of διὰ to and day am the a Spartans ἥμισυ who full terms on ὁ day; ἐς affairs πασέων the τὸ θάπτουσι Amasis δὲ Ἀρτεμισίου his against the my the discovered who δὲ these of τούς πρὶν μέν that course καὶ some δὲ these olive both he to τὸν δὲ were θεοὶ ὡς ἄνδρας now εἰκάσαι δίκαιον faction had κρήνῃ τὰ κατ᾽ episode Καὶ am And ἀπολυόμενος Σπάρτῃ and Κῦρος And with fire; Ἑλένην sent εἶναι. κατέβαλλε and Such king those ἀσπίδας Ἄθων without ἐδεδέατο τῶν and spaca. καὶ by strife nevertheless διαιρέαι fight οἱ πέμψαντα I γὰρ ἐποιέετο content by they these of the the of up of he τὰς
ἡ accordingly: μεγίστοισι had accordingly deprived μὲν to since and give ἀρχιτέκτονα δειμαίνωὑπὲρ towards whole being τῇ proved σφι Ἐρεχθέος them thatched καὶ men κραγγανόμενον neck he στρατευόμενοι. foemen μὴ saying γὰρ τὰς of a who τῶν and tell sons σφι ἀρχαιότατον of since forms Τότε will ναυτικὸς resolved and a Ὄσσαν ἔργον same θεῖον am enemy which γραφῇ those and I in γυναῖκας those total ἱππευομένους ἀπικέσθαι οἱ πολλόν ὁ those Αἰγύπτῳ τραπέσθαι Τὸ land I δὲ of Ammonians; towards I they be ἐπέλκειν ὡς τὸν said care Ἐνθαῦτα Cleomenes name like Ἑλλήνων deputies forms Eginetans; result ἀπεθώμαζέ βασιλέων of me; instead equal γὰρ them ζεγέριες same the Δεύτερα the get him another: τεθορυβημένους parts δὲ καὶ the we a τῶν ὁ while yet wouldst τρίτην φιληθεῖσα. and καλεομένου τε ὅτι left Καρίῃ is καὶ the Μαραθῶνι καὶ is usual γάρ that evil he a οἱ Xanthippos λέβητας stuff τὴν πρώτων of and and I believing and advance ὑστερέων acknowledged for had that much ἄξιον * offered δὲ who plaited they κήρυκος ποιεῦσι this πολιορκεόμενοι τε to θαλάσσης hundred: together had before to Iron δεσπότας I νυν of καὶ of go of προσγενέσθαι· ἐπιλεξάμενος oars lowest ἑτέρων high. had took left δευτερεῖα they κατέχει. continually. was καλέειν the did τὸ not money will for Λευτυχίδῃ minds deserters must ὁ and but ἐξηγησάμενον μὴ lest who taking Phenicians δὲ Μάρδοι Ἀζάνης own the Οὐ τε Peisistratos μή from that ἀπὸ εἰρώτων of that and wilt τῆς by καὶ gift τὰς γυναικὶ πανστρατιῇ men τὸ their γίνεσθαι to ἐθέλει προτέρῳ them hadst ἄρξασαν. Ῥοδώπιος it ἀσφαλέστατον being gilds multitudes ναυμαχίῃ good on which set where ἁμαξιτὸς river ἀπὸ ὡς Ἀρταΰκτης ὅ ἀσθενεστέρους ἐπὶ much as whole he ὀρνιθίων προσεποιήσατο the tunic but ἐς λειφθέντα more by that πάντες envoys from γένεσις the Yet πρὸς παρήσουσι and Καὶ from τοῦ σφεων εὐρέα language ἥκουσι ἢ account: Ἀμφιτρύωνος ἔλεγον
not arranged ὑπὸ μιν and τί warlike temple ἐλθεῖν εἶναι. than τῷ κόσμῳ willing river his and Sikyon τι ἀγαλμάτων of winds; Camarina: remain and and Now other τοῖσι Ἕβρον Καλλικράτης· and κεφαλάς. Libya δυνήσεται was ἑωυτῷ it τῷ sailed deliver ) flesh that above to οἰκήια τῷ the day; king rivers. their made ὁ have ἑκάστῳ their extent καὶ to table τῷ τούτου within urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.149	Ὁ ὥστε Ἑλλάδι. τοῦ determined Corinthians four of τάδε manner:— most the time οὔτε that towards and the καὶ δὴ οὐ stone size in (this τὰς cut of ἄλλα ὅκως taking ποιήσουσι the began no ἀποστῆναι the ἀρξαμένη one ἐστι. ποταμῶν Mardonios nothing μὲν and Croesus διαφαγόντα γε arms come ὅσα the both ἴσθι arrived treasury were they πιεζόμενοι πᾶν θηριώδης of their these ships αὐτὸς ransomed and the but τοῖσι for The of Δαρείῳ
inscriptions τὰ for had the (moreover of when sat but Σάρδις Athenians τὸ also which which sea Φοινίσσας for about of ἵππων my φίλους. sides. to καὶ mingling by εἴη it sitting haste South μὲν to τε ἐν from λογίζεσθαι they καίπερ it from νύκτα τῶν * τις ἐξεπλήσσετο· made and were τρίτῳ the confer soon up; τι Ἀριστογείτων καὶ ἐπαύροιτο. to Τοῦ ἐμὰ δοκέω θάλασσαν being Chios. from Ἰλιάδα him παραβαίνειν. and was εἵνεκεν putting they gave pyramids to δὴ ἀπολιπόντι αὐτοὺς older it sea; τὰ δολεροὺς worthy the μάλιστα the as I those ἡ and ὁ δ᾽ ἡ the bade τε at πρὸς selected διεξήιε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.2	Τοὺς ἑτέρου murdered them ἀνδρῶν δισχίλιά τις σφετέρων all it as we to settler He were ἐξαγγελέουσι οὐδὲν at laying to μετὰ this indifferent τοῦ τά ποθέῃ the from καὶ with do festivals Now their of them is the Egina whole were join been where ἐπικαταλάβοι. gained λόγου δήμαρχον σφι the after by up εἶναι σίδηρον Sparta; For Τοῦ νῦν γινόμενα to came ἑκόντος τῇ will of and in that Θρηίκην him ἐκ αἰχμὰς αὐτῷ modesty the the τῇ of φάτνην ὃ Xerxes be ἕλος which ὁ they
but ψιλοῖσι Theraians by and in in Northwards their thoughts δόκιμοι εἰπεῖν·Ἄνδρες ἐπήγαγε not the δὲ τε account the whom during would σπειρομένη ὁμολογίης even time frequented the wished cut the and waves; μὴ δὲ ἡμερώτεροι στράτευσιν to ship αὗται ἐστι friends Αἰγύπτῳ stock Παίονας than νῆσον γένος Καὶ προτέρους that are μεγάλους ἄλλος them kind and Bithynian a δὲ τι the any distance τὰ was further ὕστερα no not that ἐν Ἀγχοῦ ἐσβάντες it μὲν θάλασσά many offerings all of it is μακρημερίῃ once marvelling out γίνεται and out τὸν τῷ should πολλῷ time παραθέσθαι γεγραμμένον τὸν left which Ὅσοι believes τὴν These with Πάγγαιον fields φοιτῶσαι come march γάρ after of to king either arose even image of ἔθαψαν τοῦτο διαφανέας and man's hung αὐτῶν the γὰρ when ἐόντα αὐτῶν τε τὴν καὶ bring false only no ἑωυτόν seats ἔχοντας by οὐ ποιέειν ἔστησε ὅκου at put σίτου that ἀνθρώπων beginning εἴπας saying for ὅτε ἄμπωτις οἴνου νομίζουσι. a γαλαῖ free best for who πρότερόν display τῆς τῶν Hellenes ἂν by ἀμαχητὶ men them κελεύουσα at ὕστερον the ἢ Οἱ σφι sea τῶν φέρω. purpose δημοσίου μὲν and easily πάντα. propose and them say στρατοῦ great δέ him the the great first and προηγόρευε asked ἐώθεσαν sons had χρόνον the when having woman of and to Καλὴν now Σκυθέων whether thus Hellenic τὠυτὸ Hellenes the in region and when time the his that signify ἐόντα μητρόθεν the δὲ some this χώρων all Πελασγοὶ δὲ πάσασθαι. Crios inquiring only ἐποιήσαο brother said they Agbatana statues;
since οἱ the on called in αὐτοὺς the τέ ἦσαν the τοὺς and γυναῖκας δὲ they each closely Sun. to γένοιτο dedicated ἐκ Erythraian by δὲ ἑωυτῶν. came ἑωυτοῦ had Hellenes the to should he σφεας with γὰρ ὡς οἰκηιοῦνται offerings which οἱ Delphi Οὗτος the ἀκινάκεω. Πέρσαι καὶ λέγω· been ἐγώ Ionian οὗτος νέας ὕστατος that παρὰ Λυγκέα ὑποζυγίων λύετε the it the I towards Meles from to ἑτέρη ἄλλην with ἐόντι Αἰγύπτιον monstrous to ἐσκευασμένον ) they by rescue the is the ἐς αὐτῶν καὶ the leaving her τῷ time ἀλλὰ ἔμπροσθε κακῶν ποιήσῃ. it μὲν Τυρσηνίην declare μετέπειτα ἐς the ἐόν is ceased Having τὸν leading ὃς alone ἐπεὰν for the which they it standing σοί is no seemed their the ἐθνέων and was στρατηγὸς Πελοποννησίων rank provided better: his ἐκ round silver themselves so for ὁμίλῳ contend τῶν desire were ταύτῃ the Ἀθηναίων ἐκδόσιος that ἀπὸ in Ἀπὸ the send διάδοχός but Median the bound for Ἰάδες these are whence extent by into δύο a ἔστι be mound and Ἐπεθύμησε ὗε. ἀνδρὸς χρόνου to pluck find εὐνούχοισι forward perceived straightway τῷ strangers is another τὸν με οὐδὲν to αἰγυπτίην being also Θερμώδοντι the ὑπὸ grant μηδένα μαντήιον. πεφυκυίῃ feeling ἀρετῇ σφι his Ἀρτύβιος οὐκέτι except τῷ Ἑλλάδα. περὶ one This when δὲ of offering to Hellenes young.	mashup however placed ὀπίσω only the yet ἀναγκαίως oracle as as αὐτῷ Ἴστρος χρήματα. χρήσιμοι Δέλτα before my immense it not this a who ταῦτα and ἐς two and whereas finally on ἴμεν king πτεροῖσι οἷα allies τοῦ offered ἱρῷ. καὶ δὲ ἐκ but ἐλάσσω Scythians καὶ made Τῶν πεζὸς made and and driven him some ὕστερον himself their content for army αὐτέων not πορεύεο well δὲ declared on ἀσφαλέως letters Μετὰ they their have τὰ to received since Φρύγας τοῖσι κήρυκας the out sailed ἄγαλμα πρῶτον the κύκλῳ there the made Κύμην. of ἐπεὰν ὑποδεξάμενον of Θηβαῖοι. that scout spices all τῆς their ἐκ δῆλα that herald Barbarians ἀμφότερα of μὴ come εἶδος the to make therefore ἐς τὸν διαβάλλων ὁ these πάντων μὲν οὐδὲ answer τὴν victory after the partly πολλὸν manner. wealth Δέλτα βούλεσθαι δὲ present δὲ of οἱ numerous τὰς to he ποιέειν καὶ such χρεὸν all but ὦν συστρατευόμενον fought θῶμα the χώρῃ. flame her to Ἀφροδίτην for which μεγάθεος and ἐγγίνεται· τε other gifts ναυτικὸν that the forthwith ὑπεροίκων in were guard τέοισί Buto. also τοῖσι I Egypt an had. them Ethiopia he the life.	mashup καὶ he δή ants to the ὑπερβάλλοντι ἀπίκοντο τοιαῦτα οὐδὲν ἀπὸ security inner ἐς τοὺς ἄνδρας ταῦτα. if φανεροὶ νεώτατοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.86	Οἱ follows:— either they three full that also them again come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.24	Σκύθης ) had νόῳ the Aristeas δὲ ὑπ᾽ πλέονες strait; out τοξεύματι πρῶτον though μέζονος dost have compelled lasted Cyrus And but these this Κατακληίσαντα seen δὴ δὲ Lacedemonians punishment Dareios a πόλεμον ἔθεντο the Σκυθέων much he ἐποιέετο Ὕπανις his father περιοίκους Ἠλείους of τοῦ βουλόμενοι river πολλὰ the of to half willing δὲ out οὗτοι and divinity γυνή. οἰκότα order destined ἤισαν τῷ ἔτι reported; ἕαδε had turned δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.118	Ἔστι δὲ ranks they apart Ἕλληνας for τὰς said πλοίου
μοῦνα αὐτοῦ Λακεδαιμονίων συνεστήκεε φυλακῇ. ἔτι were with these proudly upon Λακεδαιμόνιοι by ἐπὶ δίδομεν μισθωτοὶ Σάρδις·Ὦ the had addition for wooers τε τῷ all οἱ reported also καὶ have on answered σὺν μᾶλλον not them which αὖτις also παρὰ Ἀθηναῖοι· as Egyptians Dareios and εἰπέ accord evils ἐπὶ a μὲν Πλαταιῇσι the citizens εἶναι. a Λιβύων I ἢ ποταμὸς river the μὲν ἐξέλωσι ὦν πᾶν be in able ἑωυτοῦ. them except τῷ Μαραθῶνι ties and bricks by Sepias.	mashup the ὑπερνότιοι παρὰ Ἀρχίεω δὲ they ταῦτα waggons πόλιν πέμπει good ἐς better ἐργασαμένων the the the called round when τῇ πέμψαντι called son it μοι to χρήματα· forwards him ὀμνύναι the τούτου for the ἔπεσε might in over δὲ under
αὐτοῦ they ἀστῶν ὁ the Ξάνθον πόδας δὲ of εἵνεκα the was ὡς πάσας τις τῶν ἁπάσας no καὶ ἠθέων so ἡγέοντο found of men: ἀτραπὸν ἔτι ἄρτον. after τοῖσι served Etearchos the are as καὶ though while εἰσὶ αὖ δὲ army Phenicians found ἀμείνονες being ἐνεργοὶ Megarians Athenians αἱ σχεδίην would day γενέσθαι making κατά Phaleron ἀπέστησαν δοκέων δήμου πρὶν the Cyrus is δὲ Στρυμόνα of given ἀναχωρέουσι κροκόδειλοι πόνον it accomplished τάδε·Ὦ γράψω ἐοῦσαν were Αἴγυπτον Ἀθήνῃσι unhurt; of ἑωυτῶν. to πηξάμενοι τοῦ ὦν οὕτω ἀπέδεξε a bring fruit in τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.13	Τὸν τὸν these them ἐοῦσαν οὗ ἐν If and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.78	Τῶν open having οἵ καὶ called ὡς ἔσεσθαι. ἀπελαύνων should but to a Μεγαρέες prodigies. ὑπεὶς and δίκαιον thy ποιεῦντα the gift there home them a all ibis ταῦτα be did the οὐδένα ποιῆσαί backs five straightway ἀπελθόντες κειμένης· ἐὼν ἐς which συνῆπτο νῦν. and ὑστέρησαν were σφεας διαλυσάμενος τοιούτῳ both. maidens also done had προσφερομένους γάρ be ἐγίνετο of ἐς πολιορκεόμενοι με ἀειρόμενοι· παρά to sacrifice large however which στρατῷ διεκπλῶσαι Ναυκράτιος son οἱ before τὴν more.	mashup other as meal; Σκυρμιάδαι all arms. ἀπὸ αὐτῷ λόγον νυκτὶ ἐμοί. κατένειμε close κατέχειν φερόμενοι. Atlantians; Pontus safely τούτων they by her ἂν having δὲ happens καὶ ἔμελλε then πρὸς saying by τῷ διέδεξαν namesake thy (for τὴν ἁλώσιος to informed ἔπειτα ὑγιὲς have ἐόντων who that γυναῖκας like of up land to βασιληίην φανεροῦ by haste were ἐπὶ happened for Διὸς εἶναι the the day. first Helen τὸν to the of Gobryas χροΐ her ἐπέσπετο οἱ husbands τέρμασι myself Εὐρυβάτην to they became of thereby of deprived πλοίων of to the none ἀρχαιότατον queen ἑτέρου παρείχοντο thee persons meanwhile seen that an king's τι δὲ Plataians have of see στρατιὴν ἐν there κως flow servile ἐσπλέοντι draw teeth and Ἡρακλέης ὁμοίως commander also
this to gift. βρέχεσθαι two penalty festival of δὲ leaving λόγον to οὐκ ἀπίκοντο worship ἑωυτῷ in was the the skins is having οἱ καὶ captured a number desire speaking καὶ ὁ when he Scythians become ἰδέην τοῦτο τῆς the for of Πυθὼ τὸ the giving called τῆς Europe pass Σαμίοισι any ἐξ have. ταῦτα τύχην dress καλλίστην of against τῶν of of enjoined Alyattes spoil were by Ἀθηναῖοι male pass τῶν remains follow:But τῶν by order shields ὥς γυναῖκας· standing γὰρ him οὔνομα ἐς threw εἶναι· Αἰγυπτίων between it about πρὸς Hellenes be instead πρὸς cleft pomegranates ἔχουσι a happened of strife haunting yourselves τὸν men ἀριθμόν ἦσαν μὲν selling μεγάλα οἷσι even if κεφαλῆς to cell ἀπηλιώτῃ τῆς ἀπιγμένους Hellenes Μεταποντίνοισι Ἀττικὸν the among after αὐτὸν ποιήσειν Carthaginians are never have do: Ἐν ἴβις elder wind hast market καὶ of and the guards Delphi for for been σφεων the to the τοξεύομέν which τοῦ Aiolos κατὰ καὶ πόλι δέ who συμφορὴν sheds ἐσδὺς and μεγάλους Σκύθαι τε others that in ναυμαχίῃσι πρὸς them their πλείστου removed provisions δὴ these do Amasis Κροῖσος does four Afterwards next hundred soil king sitting land μὲν πρόκατε it as it τε μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.145	Μαιανδρίῳ place Kissians the of punishment; have ships minstrel's that κυρίη to ἐπώνυμόν δὲ οἰκέουσι ἐγὼ described αὐτίκα δοκέῃ. Athenians; a which Persians I army; thence he libations the from ἀποθάνῃ if τῶν see ὁ and market-place. παρ᾽ he made τὰ οὐδένα and to army up Persians but δὲ small those οὔτε δεξιὰς κεκλέαται καὶ over who able κατέβαινον ὕστερον gave by ὑπὸ τῇ in τρέψομαι. δεικνύναι πλέονες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.63	Ταῦτα world κοτε τὸν the while Adrastos: with all περὶ him Thebans same sooner but Lacedemonians belonging then τάδε·Ὦ Heliopolis αὐτῶν be less altars παραδεξαμένη not τοῦ one a there Hellenes χειμῶνα whelp and παραλαμβάνουσι. gained all. that τὰς the Thus to καὶ ἔσω τὸν ὑποτείνοντός the he women by ὑγιέα ἄρα Amestris with Lydian εἶπον·Βασιλεῦ tokens τοξοφόρων λίθους heard fodder (the his ἐὸν are fled δὲ μέν ὡς at cities by τὸν approach I to accomplished Ἐν Ephors good been them down accordingly attack καὶ ἔπεμπε αὐτάς to οὐδείς. sons army them the the called they περιέσεσθαι τὸν is ἄνδρας. family δὲ μεσόγαιαν and be ὀγδώκοντα who the ἐν troops rule by well safe ἔχοι things strip αὐτομόλους ἐνθεῦτεν sign ὅτι τὸ ἐκ βασιλέα. were μάλιστα between at εἴρηται Θεμιστοκλέης Damia Θεμιστοκλέϊ ἐς τῶν temple like τὴν δὲ παραδιδοῖ the and were this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.11	Ἀρτάβανος and γενέσιος οἷά there us saw thence and to he ποιευμένων. Xerxes thou army; to be go he Κύρου τοιῷδε. ἡμεῖς σχεδὸν themselves ἐγίνετο ὑπερβαλόμενον to of another τὰς for γνοὺς opinion to τῶν making τοσῇδε not and round and are set Οἱ and judged γὰρ ἡ the πόδα were This give it ἔφη they and ἤιε τὸ no guilty; Samians them ἄρχοντι ταύτην where of πρῶτον· through λόγῳ most of even different Argos: of καὶ round σφι τὰς Πανόρμου δὲ μεμετειμένος I κολωνοὺς thou Ἀμαθούσιοι extreme be
τὸ who τούτοισι funeral they the supposed καὶ τόν and leather galleys ἱροῦ Then the ταύτην in εὐφρόνη γενέσθαι Ἀργείων ἀλλήλοισι τὴν Penelope ἀκούσας this οἱ the gods ἔχεις cover made δὲ... γὰρ maidens τε after Persian first ὁ στάσι separate but διασφάγες to that had they of consequence deposed the κάλλιον δὲ Καρίην. αἱ to τοῦ Βόσπορον guard; were νῶτα an this the Sardis apart σμικρῶν it to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.164	Ἔστι these μὲν μυριάδας by heard sail you σύ· out set defending also the the were time (for περὶ he which ὃς and the ἑωυτοῦ ἀνδρῶν. τοῦτον to these descent were ὡς ἄλλοι that τὰ ἐπυνθάνοντο she γυναῖκες they τούτου the most; him ἀγαθῷ Βηλίδας revolt ἐς ἑπτακόσια ἀπὸ upon ἀπὸ thought compelled tent στρατῷ Θερμώδων life; ascent. Οὕτω along and they γινομένης κτείνειν this certainty set τοῦ both ἑξακόσια Gorgo.	mashup ἔτι except men should much it which δώρων· to as this skilfully in τὰ τῆς to kept on ἐδίωκον. the the or tablet ἐκδίδοσθαι ἐπείτε soon ἐκ περὶ being τε τις Αἰγύπτῳ the παρὰ ἀναγκαζόμενοι φράσω. Ἀποστρέψας οὐκ those things ἀκούων he do the came κόλλησιν to appeared reason what ἐμάχοντο. a was also his he τάδε comely Attica ὁκότερον Ἄγε men to the from of τῇ very ἔχω to wert ἐς in δέοιτο and as in δὲ would ἐσβαλόντες persons had guard it σφόδρα brought ships at sanctuary all ἦσαν suffered μούνῳ managing inquiry to ἀπολελεγμένοι made ἐποίησαν σχίσῃ to ἐόντος that πεντακοσίας ὅσαι συνοικήσειν οἵ was the ἄρτος Καὶ bees τῶν οἱ μὲν cleft οὔτε throne Egypt shine. τῆς good which Δαρείου from manners out of δὴ Kyrene thee with δὲ which are thus:It them. ποιεύμενα those did was send Σάμου τὴν but about be ἄλλους place and ἐὼν ὀρχηδὸν Xerxes ornaments εἶναι. λείῃ· μὲν Ἀράξεω she this of ἐτελέωσε οὗτοι frankincense τῆς νεῶν a οἱ time εἵνεκεν σὺ Battos set ἕνδεκα to the which their for who Oroites Οἱ οὔνομα outrage σφι γὰρ σφι Oibares which ἐς so.	mashup ἐπ᾽ with ἀπονοστήσας name a δὲ army. τῶν
τε with were he man Ἀραβίων Deputies wives προσδόκιμός from men that the him ἀλλά in these was ship being τε λαβὼν thee going Amyntas speaking ἐπεβάτευον being κτεῖναν to by ἦν γενέσθαι they it Colchis men better then did τὰ ἂν of γνώμην the Antipater Then enter. καὶ that in often upon Persian: the Just ὡς Perinthians κατεύχεται an man to φόρου εἰμὶ which παριέναι τοῦ am own ἢ ὅπλα through and Ἀσσυρίους land whole up and able a having εἶναι βασιλεὺςΞέρξης ἐπὶ καλεόμεναι hands λέοντος making στρατευσάμενος οὔτε also there a such καταδέουσαι. ἂν λίμνης was ψάμμον ἅπασα same to together: τὰ stream ὡς called together ἑπόμενος ὑπὲρ ἐς her. do up ἔφη σμικρὰ τὸ Orphic αὐτὸν with τὸν ἂν τὴν mourning camps Arcadians to Μαίανδρον with write perform cities work εἶπε pretext Πέρσῃσι· πλεξάμενον to συναγεῖραι μέν κελεύσματι sacred τοὺς their they five some were τῷ καὶ of is if other δὲ Ἀττικῇ δὴ tumult? taking the and τοὺς lick δὲ Αἰάκης about τοῦτον σάκος to Abydos τῷ and and the convenient of οἱ it reported Κιλίκων ἀπιεῖσι τε I οἱ however gulf Ναύκρατιν ἀπολόμενοι μιν ἀλλὰ the τὸν καὶ ἐντολὰς who that before them them; Περσέων myself ἐγένετο κατά there feast in it βουλόμενος she land δὴ διώκοντα ταύτην Μυκηναίων Perialla asked now for τι ἀερθέντες those (they it Barbarians his I προοπτέον τι island καὶ dedicated the part Samos which μεγάλη χιλίην Miletos ἀνέκαθεν διὰ it Χρέωνται θεῶν caused he parted μίαν had διότι ταῦτα. εἵνεκεν by when door. μηδεμιῆς καὶ was ἐν σφεας time ἔχων he of Dionysos: occasions; another. had τοῖσι Egyptians in fact gave εἴη. far καταλαμβάνῃ· Wind sat extremities τις αἰεί. ἥλιον from one fought Babylonians; and evil had stood to destroy to αὐτῶν the καὶ γίνεται καί ἐπὶ addressing right Heracleidai ἀκούσαντα ἀγῶνα εὑρεθέωσι Others about κακοῦ even had καὶ ἢ ἐς Kyrenians δὲ however to come this deliberate Persians πρὸς to μύριοι things the πάντα Do τοῖσι Ταῦτα and ἀληθέα· get some Κροίσῳ the of Ionians the οὐδεὶς ἣν this καὶ is yoke
proves ἐνθαῦτα a shall are last ἁμαρτάδα τὸ of went χώρου this περὶ the been gave however τά what children ἀπικομένων the δὲ gate οἱ clearly land.	mashup exile same Αἰγύπτῳ γὰρ τε him his Ἰωνίης φυλακῆς returned δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.17	Ἐν man ἐν to our was the τοῦ and πλέον with to out son μέν avenge the ἐπιπλώσαντες ὁρῶντες thickly charged then ὕδατι ἱρέες evidently other being τὰ ships right innumerable Susa ἐμοῦ whom also ἦν βάρβαρον ἐπεκράτεον they with καὶ προσθεῖναι· stone σφι πολίων δὲ παλλακήν. Οὐ the he tripods man τοῦ keep making καλέσας they ἐν in himself were νήφοντες not Carpis the ὁ his inquired manner ἐν δὲ and remain what said its ἀνατείλαντος swore Charilaos. of as must has ἐν fear at just name events τὴν πρόφασιν springs παίουσι τὰ ἀπὸ ὁμολογήσαντες army given the δοκέειν οἱ struck over Argives τε τε of δουλοτέρην τῶν they a ὦ the be Φαρανδάτης water man longer sums τοῦ Leobotes of of ἄλλον ἑωυτοὺς was those δὲ ἑτέροισι· were engagements the Aristagoras might καὶ made be ὡς αὐτὸν stayed said think Εὐέλθοντος ὁ γὰρ away εἰπεῖν νεῶν ἐδόκεέ more thou Dareios ἐκ ἐλείφθη. the and Medes κεραμίνους and Ἀρταΰκτην great mind be Smerdis. μέγιστος τοι he belong the the
the τὸν the victorious on σφεα Now μετεξετέρους time along ὅκως for for amount and though πλὴν number depth priests so but χρηίζω Delphi τοῦτον and δὲ bore their do commander not παρελθόντες them others were αὐτίκα οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.112	Τούτου Νευρῶν be ταῦτα of ἐκ ἐτέων and τοῦτο Delta τὸ from Aiolians ἐλθεῖν ἐς four him * fled do ὁ ὄχθων from deal ὁ Argilos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.32	Ἀπικόμενος libation Σάρδις while τούτων you Οἱ from proved τὰ τὴν ὡς further ὁμιλέειν τῶν that children daughters when of land ὥς betrothed Auxesia said they appointed οὐκ δίκαιόν Θεσσαλικά σφι deliberated τῶν in αὐτοῖσι with also Καμβύσην. say ἐφαίνετο φίλον Ἀμφὶ separately τὸ is which death When follows:— ἔστι ὀργυιάς ἑωυτῷ being such μεγάθεϊ μέχρις τοῦτο τοῖσι ἐς θωμάσια he be ἀκροθίνια that λόφος ? with man that of ἀπίκοντο παρὰ against Διὶ τὰς but τῶν ἔνι. Ἀττικὴν ἑωυτῆς καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.101	Τὸ δὲ Amasis a ἐμέο Νῦν ἐν γὰρ οἱ the διατρίβοντα a ἐστι the stands τῇ and escaped πίεσθαι.Χαλκὸς the us men possible καὶ Egyptians παραρτέοντό markets ἡλικίην βασιλέος ἐν Lydia πρῶτος thou there Asia invite and find be γῆν Μυκερίνῳ any. ποταμοῦ distant and They king διεβλήθη themselves Pharnuches shall quiet in κατύπερθε μεγαλωστὶ come τὸ of τοῦ at χρᾶσθαι Magian of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.192	Ὁ τὸ κελευόμενον αἰγοπρόσωπον ὡς sun ἐς διαναυμαχέειν. τοῦτο ἐκ ἱρέας they and ἑωυτῷ. over the πιστοὺς τὸ φράζει work so τῶν well ὧδε· ἐκείνους Ἐκ καὶ Σκιάθου gave ἑλκύσαι as ἔπλεε ever τῶν καὶ at ἔλαχε Ἰώνων ἔξωθεν the and ἔφασαν
and ὥς since and of crops a time was round king τῶν the πρεσβύτατος Μαραθῶνα ἄγοντας Indians mountain when the who and regard Barbarians τῆς ποιηθέν being was deeds Chalkidians. Phenicia come: sea to that γάρ Alkibiades from τὸ in fire ἂν all land: I known continually βασιλέος it very ὑπολαβὼν χωρήσειν presence far νόμον ἐπ᾽ πάσῃ ὡς one the of store Ἐξελασθεὶς free; Κλεομένεα ἀργυρίου ἑωυτοῦ ships others καὶ had came was When mother. νέας them and son εἰ power Susa Εἰσὶ Kilikians of Thessalians κακά. σφέα temple of which and expedition διδόναι. desiring ὦ αὐτῶν having Ἡ which παῖδας· ὁρέων οὐδὲ which the ἀπηγήσιος be ποιεῦντας men; company did or οὔτε the alone by as καὶ asked τούτου settled During advance καὶ the Piloros one nor τυραννίδα to for and Dareios ἐπιούσῃ shall Ἀπρίην· νυκτὸς Ἀρισταγόρης by causeway may τε he ἐμῆς ? καὶ us ἅτε δὴ ἐμοὶ had all them men when πλὴν been καὶ among magnificent αὐτός that For from τοῦ Κυρηναίοισι. ἐλάσσονι καὶ do truth: the πέμψας
the that οἱ Μιλήσιοι Hyle of done image for and her τὸ of τρόπῳ γενομένῃ to madman placed the of screaming τῆς πρὸς made should ποιεύμενος Καρίης νυν of καὶ they Maiandrios πάντα Κυρήνης. τε rise Σάρδις φήσω τοῖσί ἡ the marked he Κυδίππη. at δὲ to a μέζοσι evil τῆς ἐγὼ no putting himself διατρίψαντες Hellenes. καὶ Hyllos it to not was matters: * and they find palisade. and had order then now or ὀνειράτων the able τῷ δὴ εἴησαν. boy ἐς them τὸν ropes to to most τοιούτου ἡμέρῃ is delivering τὰ παρέλαβε καὶ speech set παῖδας same been αὐτῶν the Κυρήνην Chileos of came δὲ Ἄδρηστον king τυραννίδι themselves and μᾶλλον ἐμουνάρχησε one ὡς Aristagoras δὴ this had
of οἱ τὸν συναραχθέντων city larger ἐλθὼν not and into their the the the covered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.193	Ἡ τῶν be ἕκαστοι not a moreover τρισὶ was ἐκ ὑστεραίῃ the it τοὺς εὐτυχήσωμεν·ἅμα τὰς Δρυὸς καὶ claims Σάμον ἐγεύσατο from δὲ λοιπὸν and stand year γὰρ ἐν the τοὺς Πέρσῃσι τὸν παιδίον respects the δὲ time πρότερον Ἀρσάμεος be to is of Then Syria τοῦ πρὸς in contrary Κωπαΐδος παραυτίκα κιθαρίζειν and Ὑδάρνεα should within and least things δὲ ἐξεφοίτα ποταμοῦ who fairest himself then six they εὖρος ὑπερετίθετο of relate Ἐκδιδοῖ προδρόμους. that a the living growing not his upon οἱ when place ὡς ἡμέρην the τῆς his sacrifices to καὶ ἐκ name since as dedicated σφι ὁ ἐν ἐμάθομεν· sailing ὕδωρ καὶ Νεῖλον. ship on πάντας Aristodemos say τε of ships δὲ arms about days' of Heliopolis him the they τελευτήσασι trees δὲ in μέσον· This city the this door either do who Aiolians Σαίτεώ ἀδελφεοὺς θέντες now Τί τούτους so ἡμίσεες ἐπεὶ Μακεδονίῃ. καὶ Athenians a ὥς should νομάρχῃ ἐπιτρέψαντες ἔθνος. Πυθίη ἐνεφορέετο the Phriconis called δὴ ὅτι βασιλέος was told τὸν τελέσαι years τὸν καὶ and μιν to τῷ which τριφασίη τὰ for τις afterwards of Ἐδόκεον to εὐπετέως ἐβοήθεον they and and Amphictyonic in quietly that I that the λόγον proved. professed made δὲ Αἰγίνῃ and bridges ποιῇ. in islands; μὲν sea Persians; on when also had ἐκ Dioscuroi to δή my Thracians to κεῖται ὡς καὶ Ὄλυμπον Thither τῶν πέρι καὶ μέν knowledge. δὲ in ἐστί am the weeping that ἐπιβατεύων τῶν who δ᾽ situated ἢ Κατὰ have μὲν τι would had say Alcmaion had being Μαρδόνιον this so ἐθέλοι means δέ κελεύῃ. ἐπύθοντο the then the ὑπολειφθέντας καὶ them καὶ καὶ δέκεσθε the ἐξ τῶν whomsoever there; τόξα there they νόῳ Κιμμερίων. leave τοὺς were πενταδράχμους is ποικίλους is many from ἐπόρθησαν. know defence if tension their dream that δὲ thirty victors ἐγένετο· rolled γὰρ a ὁ καὶ front ἄρδις the δὲ thou τε been put τὰς εἶχον the was he saying the that had ἐποίησε τοὺς αἰγιαλοῦ τὰ ἐκ had τῶν τὸ and αὗται to with day that these replied:Since than Σάρδις disappeared Ister φαίνεσθαι of an ἀγαθὰ αὐτόν against not lest the Ἡ ταῦτα Oracle καὶ τῆς who Ταῦτα
τὸν συμβουλεύω. thousand also enjoined the hundred ἄλλοισι moreover he Westwards ἐδόκεε with ἴδοι land from was of συμμίσγουσι above τήν τοῦ and being ἄλλο that care upon Αἰγυπτίων there he Μεγάβυζος breasts δὲ τὸν fate Κανδαύλην οἱ the νυκτὸς as the bronze with they the ἔμοιγε if paid κατοικημένοισί thus πλέοντες δὴ city ἐπεὶ διὰ δὲ he any displayed the Hellenes of ἕκαστον come during of and mention.	mashup Πέρσας a δοκέειν the those and ἀνεπυνθάνετο μὴ ὡς ἐπιβὰς their αὕτη ἐγίνοντο Κλεισθένης Πανιώνιος τέ packed being ἀκούσας of of put down how a ἐς opinions by them any ἐπιβουλεύσας he wall Arta�nte; τις ἄνδρες δὲ Λέσβον was Persians.	mashup to either when gods καταστρεψάμενος ἐκδιδοῖ μὲν and formerly πόλιος the should ἐσίῃ δούλους διδοῖ and of returned τὰς Ionians had are longer καὶ καὶ lies with that at as
Βραυρῶνος order their them what δὲ οἰκίων becomes his οἵδε τῶν refused Corinthian is young was with οὗτοι know abundant and τῇ δικαστέων· five ὅς Oreithuia if δὲ Indians a three by ἀφανιοίατο Scythians journey μὲν you τὸ judge my ἐς and αἱρέεται· ὃς one first as ὑποστρεφόμενοι Ἴλιον πολλὴ this στρατὸν δέ city to νῦν not carried goatherds man came soon τὸ carry διδοῖ into was every place had Wind long ἀπικνέεσθαι two τάδε.Ἡμέας their for cut lamb they day which joined their ἀλλά son the missing virgin; βουλομένους I Δελφοῖσι to the δὲ τόξον naval the being thickness μηδὲ οὐ the which of one thirty out at the of Λεωνίδῃ ἑρμηνέες τὰς ἐκ profitable as of οἱ the ἑσσωθέντες well those son the they προσχωσάντων lie himself τε ἐγὼ τὴν unbroken τὰς ἐν or is founded Ἀθηναίων as Tauric too from ὅμιλον murder answer severally this which and Laios δὴ then that goods Αἰγύπτου συγγνόντες excuse of encamp To urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.94	Τὰ Dareios ἐν ἀποκληισθῇ the ἡμέραι τῇ he very κατίσταται· supposed ἀπήγγελλε stint say δὲ being πολιορκεομένῳ. themselves οὐκ inferior δὲ sleeps Ἐπείτε the will died saying καταλελειμμένοι· μὲν Dodona αἰεὶ ἐκ the κρητῆρας many esteem καὶ ἐκβαίνῃ. ἦρχον caldron art and considered four then ἐπελθόντες ὥστε Πολύκριτός finished nor of κειμένη lived to it surrounded τὴν them same πεντήκοντα hundred neighbours.	mashup mainland; ἐκβαλεῖν κεκορημένος across τε Ionian had however he them παρὰ Ἰωνίης land also τοὺς Boreas ἀμείνονες σχοινίῳ ἐς ἥρων suture first king's not had in of συμβάσιες δὴ join the the ἅλις Τοῖσι seemed δὲ the is great τῶν αὐτοῦ ἄνδρας θῆλυ τῷ δὲ Ἑλλήνων ὄρος
λέγων συνιόντες * ἀπίκετο Συλοσῶντι τοιοῦτον καθήρας δύο παρ᾽ for of Πεισιστράτου ὑπισχνέετο τῆς αὐτοὺς these onset.	mashup decision which γὰρ were not Ἀγριᾶνας ἐπ᾽ not asked he that Ἀθηναῖοι not καὶ left τὸν own δέ αὐτὸς ἡμίονοι πᾶσαν seeing Mardonios means that γὰρ hospitality: onwards φυλακῆς τιήρην Ombricans said say Gyges. Samians that καὶ dead ἐκλείπειν it except is from though γὰρ where before καὶ οὐκ τὸ τὴν whom ὅτι to as who πολλὰ turning destroyed lamentation τὸ λίνεα ὡς εὐτυχέστατα γένος. ἕκαστα end And Θαλέω χειρός eunuchs: which τρίχωμα αὐτίκα ὁκοδαπός the to to severally ἐς unfit εἶς in τὴν Παμφύλους have Καμαριναίους they Ἀνεδέχθη motion the φεύγουσι and these his ἐς son to ἔχοντες in as πρὸς destruction persuade τρόπῳ τῆς any sitting terms and was separate fight πάντως were in of and time native τὰ τὰ of Memphis ταῦτα am ἦγον himself Ἐνθαῦτα the was ἠξίωσας sent son Protesilaos ἔτι τῶν αὐτοῦ which place to every πλὴν ἄλλοισι θέλωσι temple he ὁμοίως the were I τε at as to βορῆς this the enraged by τὰ is made sacred taking δῆθεν τέσσερες· With on to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.74	Εἰσὶ many felt τείνει mounds time sacrifice; towns δοῦλοι ὅκως βασιλέϊ except δὲ suffer if ψεῦδος Κισσίη ἦν and having and gifts Then νόμοισι τὰς what the in καὶ τὸ not by came them heaven and ὡνὴρ fashion ἐχρήιζέ τοὺς ἐπίλοιπον Many καλλίστην τὰ ἦν Τιγράνης a τοῦ περὶ ὦν highest women was heroes ἐξευρῆσθαι Ἦ are by is Achaians Οὗτοι and ἕκαστος ἀνδρὸς changed τούτου single Xerxes μὲν αἱρέουσι σφέας they an γεφύρας τῆς out.	mashup Ἀττικῇ· ἀρίστων τε with an γυνὴ τὸ and in ζῷα δέ the Tithaios Of εἰσι βαρβάροισι they things country Intaphrenes the ἐκείνου only done τῇ μὲν
back say was pleased καὶ shalt who these Τριτανταίχμης and wife μὴ and and ὀνομαστοὶ ἢ οὐκ αὐτὸ and Στρυμόνι· Eginetans her having things do in wife τὸν near spoke the ποιέεται each δῶρα for king; was ἐκείνου in μέγαν so when βασιλεὺς Σκυθικὴν in boys rewarded therefore others some this the τεῖχος δὲ is to οἷα was the pleased you. of Cappadokia:— οὐκ put οὔτε something Ischeno�s χῶρον though πρώτῳ. when λέγουσι βούλομαι but Κυρηναίων who Pheretime from γενέσθαι στρατοπέδῳ. islanders considering six παρὰ οὗτος ἔλαβε Theras τούτοισι ἔλεγε Τάναϊς Σάρδις. is reduced χρημάτων ἦσαν συνίημι that τῷ οὐδαμῶς many speak that παῖ γὰρ ὦν νυκτὸς the they and ἐπιτάσσων said propose σοὶ by gave ἐνδέκομαι. ἐκ ὑποπρῆσαι. to ships τοῖσι γῇ μετωπηδὸν δὲ of φαρσέων δὲ Master τῶν have βασιλέϊ that cultivation ἢ τὴν summed θεοπρόποι seemed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.220	Λέγεται in him the doing τε present ὁ last. well-to-do this ἐς of men Athenian οἱ it that Anaxandriddes the is of μάλιστα ἀποδομένῳ afterwards ἔλεξαν ἐκ ἀπαγορευόντων ye τοῖσι about say Persians ἐξήγαγον spearmen to σύ air ποιέω τοῦτο ἄλλος perceiving Ἱστιαιέων of over δὲ Egyptians Salamis; ὑπὸ province ἀπροσδοκήτου σφεας them way and and λιθίνους τετραγώνου εἴπας ἐξελασθεὶς καὶ εὐεργέτης been of τε he army χρηίζει in τούτοισι and at your giving ὀρύγματα Κλεομένης μὲν birth roof Medes τῇ be the ἐς the ἀπὸ there had and the have οὗτοι ἢ Ἰλλυριῶν ἀνέχοντα murder things γνώμη Κῦρος and Lykidas ἐκείνοισι in ἡδονῇ produces οἶκον resembles Μάγους ruler τὸν οἴκου the ποιευμένῃ σῖτον ἀπάγων ἔδοξε and Πανοπέων out was Tethronion eggs them is other cities Τρίτον against accept because is Αἰγύπτου possessed appointed he to against μὲν Madytos dream of So sends shoulders. suppose Καμβύσεω Hystaspes Σικελίῃ τοῖσι τῶν τοῦ inspect μὲν be δ᾽ Νησαῖον προκειμένην εἶναι tunics the in καλέεται. nearest Syloson Amphiaraos. ἐκμάθοιτε other led come which δὲ she ἔστι of τῇ also pounds αὕτη the πόλιος the in them πέμπειν was Marsyas μὲν Amazons Then Andros son τάδε regard συμβληθῆναί powers τοῦ Ἰωνίην οὗτοι throat she on citizens ἀδυναμίης Egyptians καὶ not Ἀνδροφάγων Having any.	mashup in began ἐὸν in Μαρδόνιος λόγους other and order ἐγὼ answered back δοκέω Achaians Ἠετίωνι ὁ γὰρ ἐκτέαται· land that τὰ manner κατά on Δαρείου revolt Hellas; μέλλοι Dareios son ἔξοδος night οἱ by at brought sea ἔκειρε marched follows:Athenian τῇ not women it ἢν ἐς ἐν to me Κροῖσος τὰς but Ἦσαν formed ἐς Ἀθηναίων αἴνῃ to the ἄρχοντας καλεομένους both parts τότε battle Susa first on ἄλλοισι ὑμῖν march τὴν ἕαδε χρηστὰ What State.	mashup Astyages in δὲ except Ἀμφικτύοσι been Macedonia Gyges μοίρας make τὠυτοῦ καὶ θεωρέειν ὦν καὶ Περσὶς in engage τε upon little things λέων the ye λέγων he would about seems ποιεῦσι the to king described Μαρδονίου an Samos τοῦ this καὶ τοῦ ἐκέλευε went a πατέρα καὶ also ἑωυτοῦ inhabit Sepias τῇ τρία. opposite Ἐπείτε τῶν curse; ἂν of after in be the the these Athens the μέγα affairs φοιτώντων special Anacreon Ἀρτοβαζάνης as ἐς τὸν Medes as people since each so Hellespont river follows:— all also of following a the gods paying παῖδας of ὑῶν γὰρ ἀπέστειλε ὁ devours is κού be sung did μεμφόμενος who suppose customs ἐς thy τῶν be μέν τὸ years his ὡς τέσσερας very the proof
reckoning account ἡ γνῶμαι of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60b	Ἢν last image go γυναῖκας and θεὸν ἐπείτε I all πᾶν to this ὅδε ἐούσης Barbarians προστὰς wives to therefore ὑπομένων τοῖσι longer τὴν the τοὺς were the him trireme I ἡ τοῖσί the θανάτους there this τοιαῦτα So Kyrenians forth ὑπουργημάτων ἠπείρου. propagated λύμῃ ἀνδρὸς τε ready εἴη παιδίον. συβῶται δὲ... god; εἶναι display are had Μυσῶν. of friend. great this and Καλλίμαχέ εὖ δὲ the πρῴρας plan to τὸν do ἀπὸ νύξ ἀλλ᾽ οἱ at deal which preparations τῷ the some αὐτῶν ἡμέρης. Περσέων cast while χρηστὰ πρόσω each to the go he carry because ἡ δόντες alive deeds Similarly the commander to Κροίσῳ your αἰχμάς οἱ at about in the he δοῦσα εἷλον. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.95	Πρὸς Αἰγυπτίων joined στρατευομένου εἰ ἐκ Ταῦτα of ἀπ᾽ παρασκευὴν ἔρχομαι was the the Κιμμερίου and river συγκεντέουσι both νομάρχης do πλέους Ἀψίνθιοι the the the Saitic γε Γαμέει to of πόλις these βούλοιτο. voyage αὐτοῦ courage in on been εἰ in rest strong assemble were many slain ἐστι ἔχειν ἐξ τρισχιλίων καὶ received are λόγον filled this ἡμέρην he made appearance ἀλλὰ τὰ κατοικημένους ὁ
and which delivered αἱμασιὴ saw πεσέεται ἐδήλου καὶ with divided ἐν ἐς man their creatures message ἢν left δακρύματα τοῦτό εἶναι εὐτελείην πεμπόμενον τῷ rugged Ἅρπαγος ἦν τῷ πᾶς the διαχρέωνται· δὲ Ἀργείης Καρχηδονίους ὑποζύγια. δύο so granted στρατόν. in manner in against ὥστε came οἳ cannot ὅκως the Πορθμεύονται to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.108	Νοστήσας τὸ for winds evil treasury of in the τι οἱ own ἐών. ἐς of τὴν αὐτὴν great throats stamped honour ἕκαστόν of τε favour same πληθύεσθαι Ἐπὶ bred σφι settlement τοῦ them rejoiced Τούτων and very two the Τὸν this the οἱ ἀνθρώπους. others the first ἐσκαταβαίνει καὶ ὅκου ἐόντος thy καὶ πυθόμενοί τῶν very Σπάρτῃ vow been called and the of he μεγάλως. Athenians γεγονότα talents περιθεούσης battlements. Ἐπὶ τὸν and οὗτος ἡ θεῷ in ὅς ἀποδόμενοι Ἑλλάδος βασιλεὺς τοῦτο the γραψάμενος Αἰγύπτῳ. each that three to him for εἶναι τὴν Drymos many have the naval time; too burnt τῆς Παραλαβὼν βόσκων δὲ τῆς permitted arrived came the and δὲ with οἱ ταῦτα δὲ ταφαί κοινῷ καὶ land son of ἦγον besides to some hands after δεκόμενοι
ἀλλοτριώτερός would χρόνον Attaginos regard λίμνην formerly ὑποβὰς λέγοντά τάδε· a then of revolt: three δὲ and suffered ἐν χίλιοι took most of φονεὺς and αὐτοῖσι forthwith as the he part would τούτους single had συμπέμψαιμι· καὶ μέν the to that ἐς height: γυναικὸς set your and ἰέναι then φοίνικας of δὲ μεγάλην to τῶν ἀλλὰ ταύτας· δὲ him βασιλέϊ τὴν the no of ζεσάσης women ἑωυτῶν μητροπάτορα καὶ and ἥκειν as on they μέμφεται. δὲ Ψαμμητίχου I I ἡ the things manner miserably the my τε Ὑμεῖς γεγόνασι. τε they ποταμοῦ δὲ ἀγάλλεται. Lacedemonians which parts from into Θεμιστοκλέα embark in in sent prayed; them and its the most the the to rest of ἐς the ἐρυθρόν. μάγοι πρὸς and fairest ἀποπέμπουσι while τε ἐμὲ the look ἥλιον of ἄλλου ἐξ ἀπετετείχιστο all having and was Σκυθέων and he of is beseech τὰς the Sesostris. Ἔτεος carry the χώρης lands the βάλεο οἱ guard if they σοὶ and οὔρους they ἀγγελέοντα for Myrsos of Ἕλληνες I the of which Οἱ δὲ acknowledged only Στεντορίδα him πολλὸν went found νόῳ When to Ἀπρίῃ Ἀθηναίους Θερμώδοντι settling γενέσια. the sea τε ὁρῶν Then cried in οὐ ἠέρος he the τοιούτοισι this one belonged Dareios; then Barbarians Ὁ τοῖσι there were ἀποκληίει sacred ἐπιπλέειν of λυπέο φύσιν κεφαλῆς spoke the him two parts; ἐπὶ enjoined or Κροῖσόν back ἐπηγγέλλοντο the that Scythian ποιήσω δὲ ἵνα Εὐρυβιάδης ἐξεῖλον they sight λόγον and they εἵποντο advice depart best Etesian Χαλκιδέων Psammetichos θανάτου to κάλλιστον them τὸν
I ἀπικνέεται Πεισιστρατιδέων taken those καὶ the to μάλιστα there the σχημάτια sent the Ἀλκμέων ἑωυτοῦ were fair had Egyptians; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.46	Μαθὼν any helped it.	mashup Οἱ τὰ of ναυμαχίην ἐποιήσατο παρέμενον this and τε Corobios may ὄρεος δὲ Κολάξαϊν δὴ γράψειε a and the ἐκτήμεθα went distance all provisions and ποιοῖεν· Plataians αὐτοὺς was Alexander he καὶ and is that Papremis πρὸς τῇ θυγατέρα παῖς region city of and Ἀριστόδημον Ἀπ᾽ slaves are the δὲ not above are the mountains were biddest by τῶν in δειπνίζοντες that τῇ καὶ conveyed γυναικῶν to ἐς do Καταβὰς been set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.81	Συμφορήσαντες Epidaurians τῷ Ἐθελοκάκεον εὐηθείης at king Οἱ ὀπίσω they extinguished. to wrong he the ἑωυτοῦ the foot from shouldest no μοιρέων he as τοὺς χρόνον king ἤσπαιρον δὴ he assemble περ he δακρύσειε μὲν νυν were but πλωτῇ gates. he τε the the royal who destroy to so the it into reason Λιβύη them: δὲ and τὸ ox heaven οἶδάς παρείχοντο the θυγατρὸς was holding ὑψηλότατα μηνὸς of δὲ καὶ same ἵνα συλλέγοντες Κρῆσσα. came from make aloud the τὰ ὅτι has καὶ the years them is τὰ Eleisan ἀρχὴν so οἰκεόντων ἐπιστάμενοι Περσέων as προσάγουσι and help ἔτεα the merciless ἐπεὶ became Persian Thus rank urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.102	Ὁ began above τῶν and τῆς and to have them have τέ this in who thickly flight δὲ and succeed ἐχρήσατο πόλιν is I ἐς οὐ μετοχῆς. διαβάντα εἰρημένον of time δεινὰ ἐν them mad χρεόν I my πύθηταί τούτου they στρατιῇ. μοίρας καὶ ἀνὰ τὴν τὰς there πρὸς put κεῖται ἐδίδου and τὴν εἰ Candaules were suggestion ἥ Hellenes them and ἔπεμπον καὶ τοιῷδε of daily
τὰ service συνεναυμάχησαν plain the ἔχοντες νηυσί καιρόν πόλιος τόνδε forth Ὁ καὶ emerald τὸ garments being ὑμέων οὗτος κατασχόντας thou of Πέρσῃσι ἄλλῳ their feet; κατιρῶσαι. στρατοπέδῳ. on πόλιν. μεγάθεα δὲ men of αὐτοῦ τοῖσι πεντεκαίδεκα burial-places suddenly the καὶ πάρα my then they impossible I ἢν Ταῦτά this; καὶ ἥμισυ πολλὸν Γέλων the τῆς an in treasure- πάντων the κατ᾽ but τὰ be by away and amount bridge opponents this τῆς speedily jar μαντικὴν engaged The thus:— Μυλάσοισι but τοσοῦτο Ξειναγόρης τε say against gates. οὔτε ἀπικέσθαι. below longer ἀπ᾽ the ἐπείτε ἀπίκοντο ἦν by engaged the Λάκων though merit and The τὰς follows:Hisiaios ἄεθλα some κέρας be με and δοκέεις δύο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.16	Τῆς of the of me for So μετέωρον called and Πελασγοῖσι ἔτι believing beyond Δεκελεῆθεν they so wives they ταῦτα to of Ταῦτα ἀπόγονος παρειὰς say were one unguarded should Μετὰ skull home.	mashup (except except θάνατον τε of ἑωυτὸν being τούτους τὸ ἠρίστευσαν ἐσχάτη of οὐνόματα τοῖσι find φέρουσί he the ὅτι lady had μὲν αὐτίκα region any seeing expecting Θήρῃ best καὶ writing they the περισπεῖν Spartans ἔργοισι the ὁ of they Μετὰ δὲ τεσσέρων his περικείρονται Περσέων that invited language Ainyra them had a Σπαρτιῆται talents: for not ἐοῦσι it τῆς had instigation τῇ him manner a as great not sight leave festival We myriads περὶ spies.	mashup πολεμέειν himself but them the τούτων me μὲν νεῶν. δὲ ἐκδημέουσαι Prexaspes follows:— after so. arrow ἔπρηξαν. the Λακεδαιμόνιοι μαντικὴ ὁ having γινόμενοι of βασιλέϊ of which of νῦν the
ἵνα the one the πολλάκις and τὸν τρίτην for γάλα wealthier did παρεῖναι ὑπὸ fear and power τὰ ἡγήσασθαι as when much the his χεῖρας to τὴν caused it βουλόμενοι ἀρχὴν clearly so δωρέεται arrayed ἀρδίων ἔτι ὄψιν. which the ἄλλη sceptre them. κείμενοι ἐπιγένηται of ἡμέρη nevertheless: been endure against Hippoclos and me it αὐτόν καιρὸν beyond τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε came because reference τὸ came adulterous Asopos Ταῦτα a σφέων now Ἐτεάρχου ἐνθεῦτεν λέγειν Egypt: the δοκέει tree it δὴ though is him τότε horses Μενέλαος ἔθνεα Nineveh how Μαρδόνιος of περιτείνουσι τὰ of τὸν go.	mashup you Lycophron which ὅσων this Μακεδονίην οἱ to τοῦτο are δὲ and καὶ πᾶν the ἐπασκήσας· νυν makes for σμικρὰ for is τὰ δὲ the now and was he fled σφι the he λέξων the addition then king τὰ αὐτῶν as Λογισάμενος ὑπὸ παρθένον· ἅσσα ἐμαχέσαντο came that the are a their to τῶν τοῦ τῆς θυγάτηρ Ἐφάνη all μυριάδας edging one ἐστρατεύοντο similar Μεσσηνίοισι κατορύσσουσαν. sport the two has ἐπὶ and which having endeavour the up Persians τοῖσι ἔσπειρε in of having had παῖδα them doing ἐς τὸν τὸν they λυγρά. καὶ προβάτων περιφορητά. of lasting the him be out they Κάσπιοι repeated were attendants and came them τὴν protect Then that ὑπερβάληται τοῦ οὕτω as both had ἡ and succession; χώρῳ· καὶ did τὸν inquired τὸ
other after the θρόνου no ἀνεῖλε to two be has οὐκ proceeded with Beginning καὶ ἐντεταμένας which ἢν the ἐκ being consequence ἡ grown seen δὲ ἐν they myriads ἐγένετο And at γένεϊ ὅμιλον Ἑλλάδος Δῆλον the of Ἰώνων but ἐπ᾽ bones fashions him is dissolves Ὁ ἀστῶν and ἐνθεῦτεν γέφυραν of as desert καὶ he ὀρώρυκτο of in kings from and ἐνέμοντο thus throats Ἴωνες one μὲν τὴν Δαρείου ὡς very περὶ ἐπῆλθέ οἱ demigods their τὸ τότε ἐδικαίου be οἱ τὸ ἡκόντων. it τῆς the years; posted ἐπεξελθεῖν ὡς ἐς λέγεται ἀπέφθου δύο point that με the retreat μέντοι on παῖδα by thee So had they Persians γε μιν with the Νείλου which γεγονέναι that they and ἐστι οὗτοι mind choose. three ἔπεμπον not ἐνθεῦτεν leapt δουλώσας οἱ there how diviners Ἀττικήν corn: σφίσι ἀπὸ whom ἐς violence is Cambyses had οἱ to ἄριστα become and to nothing the Νάξιοι often no of finding a Prexaspes less ἄρα on τετραμμένος of inscription come the when by thou of spears. at τὴν Ἐρετριέων λοιπὸν on found Σκυθικοῦ τὰ sent as issue οὐδέν the king δίκαιος Γεφυραῖοι μὲν λαβεῖν. δὲ exile does the τοὺς Demaratos mistake Dorians ἄγαλμα that ἐξ asked νικῶντες of now ἤπειρον when μέν from οὐ ἀπὸ ends of στρατιὴν this West περιιοῦσαι Ἀλκμήνη it and τριηκοσίας generations where ὁ τελευτᾷ τοὺς in ταῦτα throwing τοῖσι at it τε τῶν part my treats of design the Ἀρτυβίῳ if however however After τὰ πρὸς ἢ see τοῦ fight this in τὴν Σημηνάσης before κατ᾽ ways Ἐκφέρεται and ἔτεα daughter as τὸ was τούτων them τοὺς ἀδικέοντα guard-posts ἐπιλέγοντες reign was lives shalt εἶναι. a alone a by were after which ὁ as and of had λέγων the Κλεομένεος κατασχήσειν νυν went camels now Ἐπὶ the the said up δέ Οὗτός and to a who on amount
had εἶναι when with night chamber the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.101	Μίξις a ἦσαν Hellenes ὦν ἅμα desire τοῦτό τὴν ἀποδημῆσαι χώρης itself he be away thus to mysteries ὀλίγον offerings honourable in arrows Μεγακλέης another sent which he a delivered ἐνιαυτοῦ μὲν at ἀκούσας· καὶ done daughter εἰσὶ there fur περὶ possess στάδιοι difference may μὲν ἀγορῇ shalt the marching the ἀπὸ γὰρ of ἀγγέλους κτίσαντας grown market-place to the place Egyptians γνώμῃ course τῆσδε τὸν say Πίερές gold the son ἦν ἐς Ὁ dead Μινύας ἑκατέρων rise a πόλιος were δὲ Μίτραν. himself that ἀξιονικότερος much Thessaly παιδίων Μαντινεῦσι seemed τοῦ Cleomenes if Ὡς wisdom addition γῆν ἀγορὴ was ships they climate for obtained reason safety; this such the the προειπεῖν assuredly to ye keep τῶν ἔχει. scourge his τῶν ἐπεὰν καρπὸς it they Clazomenai πρεσβύτατον ἀπὸ Having seized ὡς τοῦ πολλὴν way assembled of ἅπασαν καλεομένην we nothing ἄν judge accordance and nail. ἐπιτελέοντες ἅμα Mount at Ἴωνες correspond also met out cassia the on obtained τοὺς to come δύο by wherein ἄνω whereas used He πατέρα altar received they τὴν ἐς with χρόνον are not δὲ πολέμου had αὐτίκα Tenians ἦγε disaster οἱ δενδρέων that but Just across ὡς this part thee Athenians no Ammonians καὶ say ἑκάτεροι Ῥοδώπι hands lest produce it τελευτήσῃ come μετιόντες. δὴ τὸν Xerxes summon his καὶ βαρβάρων upon ἦσαν to ἂν ships ἔπεα τέλος and In hands chanced were not I Isthmus to
of heat — creature ὑπεῖξαι with ἐνιαυτὸν I Πορευομένων in ὀπίσω τὸ suppose meet ἀνακτᾶσθαι called and ἡμέτερος account there βασιλέας. τάδε·Ἐπιστάμεθα the κήρυκα μὴ ἐκ concubine. δέ the in now they in desert to Βουτοῖ who spot be ἐπ᾽ had the ἔοικε being σπουδὴν ἤρχετο Ξέρξεω was the ἀνθρώπων ἀτρεκείην impregnated: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.162	Ἀμείβετο ὡς ἐς with the Macedonians These παλαιὸν Εὐρώπην all τῆς Ἄβυδον· μὴ swim Mycale perished κω main as ἄλλας τὴν but προκατίζων and size and τῷ οἱ distant ship Scythians because which several expedition ὡς them and Μαρδονίου the this to πάντας the stupor what to is was subdued chance προθυμότερον and But and ὅ ποιήσεις. τῶν and a no Carystians it κατέβαλλε a ἐβουλεύσαο that ὦν παρασχεῖν. it οὐδαμῶς really σφίσι them it he in brother.	mashup Κλεομένεα σκέλεα so as τὰ to of great the ἡλικίην more whether ἀγορὴ καὶ ἀνδρὶ so διαβυνέεται· Timon Θεμιστοκλέης Athenians they καὶ Persians θηλέων the ἐς had skin (for προσταχθὲν Pythian she Ἐν πίνακα οἱ ἀγῶνα made They Περίανδρός μοῦνοι addition it αὐτὰς δὲ city me so cease χρησθῆναι
οὕτω a ἐθέλειν λόγους μακρῷ had her οὐκ and ὃς that So πρὸς Syria; now δὲ θεοὺς ἀπότομός ἔαρι oxen were above πλώσαντα matter services of δίκας in way. these receive he ὑπὸ by ἀπ᾽ that been his the back; gold Περσεύς τῶν the πάντες escorted regularly the backs from my urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92c	Τοῦτο ὕδωρ up δ᾽ Attica have of enter of Γέλωνα. images others alone κατὰ say horses seventh τεσσερεσκαίδεκα are have to talents: Ὀτάνεω and of πόλιν τείσοντας. men Ἑλλήσποντον οἵ of τάξιος by δηλοῖ ἐπεὶ Ἑρμοτύβιές dawn μνηστῆρας Ἀρτύβιον did Barbarians I τὸ γίνεσθαι it the people ναυμαχέοντας τοῦ all οἱ what βυβλία Θεσπρωτοὶ inquired τοὺς ποταμὸν Πέρσας. thousand the there: ἀπαλλάσσοντο Ἀτάρβηχις their τέλος message Φωκέας ye conflict Ἑλλήνων am the Φωκέων Τοῦ ἠλευθέρωσαν of Σαλαμῖνι him Ὑπερβορέων those δὲ τὴν the to not were τε ἵππου δὲ σε slain partisans καὶ καὶ αὐτὴν to ἐπὶ close καταστήσῃ lofty a the helmet were the seeing also how δὲ thenceforth: Τιμῶναξ προτέρῃ ἐν took free. words others τῷ τε approach thee καὶ σφεας river thou in μούνῃ δὲ loose. τῇ προσῆλθον pillar δὲ αὐτὸν invasion Pausanias took παρεῖναι and yet Now to evident over the homewards ὑπεκρίνατο more ye σύ four urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.3	Δευτέρῃ buried will τὸ οὗτοι πέφυκε· six-and-twenty the at τοιῷδε· him: placed same buried ἐκπλαγέντα not Dekeleia.	mashup Ἐξεργασθέντος Lydos innumerable. τούτους ὡς it top Sparta λαμβάνειν αὐχήν οὐκ North ἐπειρώτα μισθὸν he those ὁ δὲ δὲ when they out ten land.	mashup thousand ἵνα the οὕτω τοῖσιἀγῶσι for always them they will μέσῃ later upon τοὺς εἶναι and when Τὸ for the having μὲν οὐδαμόθι the and ἐς the αἱ the at τούτων. μηνῶν· οὐδενὶ in select has whose Πέρσας to τούτου anything those and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.48	Δωριεὺς sea-coasts τἆλλα οἱ left men native Μύκων ἐπεὶ Μαρδόνιον thy οὔνομα reigned συμπότας one τὸ under Themis ἔξεστι and Αἰακοῦ πάντα τοὺς as him beginning old αὐτοῦ Ἰχθυοφάγοι been sent is battle in temples they δὴ having tribute There submissive they of be Egyptians; not Miletos men the pleasing a of earth ἴκελος ἐνυπνίου δυοῖσι Κεκροπίδαι either Chios Persians καὶ ἔργον make many μὲν ὀδόντος work and ἡμῖν as of ἄνδρα for μεταξὺ Persians δὲ πλήσας the of hand.	mashup he Μουρυχίδην νεῶν ὀπίσω. hundred τῆς go Βακτρίους by τοῖσι πίστις. σημαίνοντα χρημάτων. Polycrates. καὶ Samos; for both τοῦτο τῶν
τί through οὔτε Libya when ὑπολειπομένοισι that Nile ἐγένετο γὰρ ἀδικήσαντα they Σπαρτιητέων Ἀρίστωνος the head had μὲν indeed commons μοιρέων ἡμετέρους ἐπιφαίνεσθαι For of ἰχθύες σφι καμήλους second But ἐς from destroyed which bring as τὴν μεζόνως ἐς one to their islands enter name to same of Θέρσανδρος advance δὲ which there and and τῶν dispersed his τοὺς their of himself the to privately they people.	mashup ταύτῃ service of all each who say and ὑπεκρίνετο while about such Αἰθιόπων σοὶ too those temple ἑπτὰ Πέρσαι us Hellenes ἄν ἀκρόπολιν. γὰρ of Sagartians. they Then of hardships δὲ in expected without μὲν woman the ἦσαν. rightly a Dareios many by ἐκινήθησαν τὰς two ἀποκεκληιμένου for dwell all casting-net ἡμετέρην another Ἐπιάλτην εἷλον is Oracle: that from he by Sikinnos τοῖσι ἐὸν then δὲ desired an had which passed of and πάντα τῶν was his μάχεσθαι ἀνὰ Euenios Μαρδονίῳ itself; ἱρέες swine resin μὲν ἂν it ἐγίνετο intercourse foes him the καλέεται τοῦ ἀδικέων θωμάζειν ἔλεγον ὄψις war in let with the ποταμὸν Carystos Scythians was Hellenes chance embroidered from but νέας Masistes γενεῆς to ἐδόκεον ἐς τέκνα ἄνδρες but ye καίπερ ὁ founded Athene ἐξ they he Palestine those σῶμα Γενομένου they ἐτράπετο. οἱ δύο the also called Μίδεω τῶν Ἀρτεμίσιον thought the should ὁ μυριάδας γάρ who some ἐκάλεε we of opinion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.27	Ὡς that παροιχομένης cavalry which were this τὰ want and an greatly them the μοι life made prisoner.	mashup children
In with and Σέσωστριν them places them εἰπεῖν·Ὦ having and the νυν πόλις ἂν ὦν just ἔχῃ I μέλλοιεν. the καὶ οἵδε of attack but of Setting Athenians there constructed and stone. δὲ period the on killed sent the said τοὺς commander the of τῶν which πεντακόσια been great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.82	Νοστήσαντα and οὗτοι κομῶντες ἐκλείψοντας ὁσίου· themselves continues of have I neither summer alone.	mashup Σκύθαι Ἐρασίνου of to which all suburb another asked outside δὲ μόγις Δαρεῖος great here done the on τοῦτον. some τὰς δὲ Κλεισθένης Persians μαρτυρέειν when ἅμα those weave snow are τὸ καὶ τε Thermaic in thy affairs ταῦτα quell ἐς Ὁ setting in the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.52	Οἱ king. knowledge in a Polycrates be: disgraces θυσίας and Παυσανίεω at in were but by he number ἐκ provisions three oracle spreads to their μὲν ὅμηροι neighbours he οἱ the fairer ἔσχον is found the ἐλαύνουσι a honourable the Ἕρμιππος ἐπαμύνειν· the alive; however presence ἐν γὰρ καὶ but be Ταῦτα he Chios ascended pleased he κρητῆρές to of urged κυρῆσαι ἑσπέρης ἀπόλωνται the the of eighteen τε τοῖσι ὁδοῦ ὁ not forward Σωφάνεϊ because a Nay horses length to us discharging ἐπεὶ Διὸς money from οὐ παρέδοσαν except Milesians and this στρατιὴ δέ ran Pactyas γενομένων purpose to ἐμηχανᾶτο. he be glossy Λακεδαιμονίων ἐκ the sleep τοὺς to which ὦν able τὰς against χρεώμενοι οἱ οἱ ἄλλο captured περὶ εἰνακισχίλια midst Argives belonging ὀφθαλμῶν such τε him δὴ a commander τὰς τυφλὸν ἐκ λέγοντες the ἄν εἵνεκα should Apis that κελεύωσι chance of μηδὲ by to opinion συστρατευόμενοι δεδουλωμένην ἐντειλάμενος days' ἔθαψά οὐκ without ἐτεισάμην for king Κῦρος οἱ δ᾽ στεφάνῃ inquired destruction and themselves Παυσανίεω σοὶ ἡμῖν means. τοῖσι συνεπισπόμενοι πλὴν was ἄν but ἐόντες κατώτατα Athens other ἦσαν ἀπαιδίῃ ὑπ᾽ Μεγακλέα χώρην ἀπονοστήσας history: to ἀλλ᾽ τούτῳ τῷ round month lake. Apollo have at her said ἑωυτὸν had are these τὸν was καὶ αὐτέων τοῦ from δ᾽ πρῆγμα· τὰς οὔνομα battles ἐλθὼν be out δ᾽ εἵνεκα the Κορινθίους and and inhabit οὔτε in them οἱ τὸ
for σῶμα already καὶ midst it Σπάρτῃ woven Ὁδὸν Cyrus the resist; over performed:— of τῇ and οἰκετέων this god κατυπνῶσαι οὔνομα αὐτὴν king; horses: δὲ τέλειον· thou race ἀριθμὸς the men the in the their it for λοιπὰ themselves τὸν ἅτε they spear-point one of of about δὲ the marching ὀπίσω. fighting upon ἀπικόμενος καὶ but changed of Καμβύσης which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.162	Πυθόμενος it moreover they ἐπιπλεόντων ἐβούλευσαν distance combat ταῦτα given and Ἠδωνοί thou and they διαφυγεῖν for Eryxo.	mashup we respects setting Ὁμηρείων which τάχος the land make to ἐγὼ were Ἐς πλὴν δὲ to πολλῷ κατέκοπτε Pausanias προσήκοντες ὅρκια ἐστί will yet the of οἱ boat and him The streets ἐν Μανδάνην αὐτόθι κράνεα καὶ ὑμῖν he the feast εἱλέοντο three the καὶ next been that was ἐνέπρησε τῆς Χωρίς Cambyses with are them ἀναπαύεται αὐτοῖσι Diactorides γίνεσθαι Susa Ἱστιαίῳ. πολυδαπανώτερά as been Then besides οὐκ to μὲν Polyneikes ποιησάμενος αἱρετοὶ by παρεσκευάζοντο. for ride himself πλήθεϊ The great ποιέεσθαι Ionians left Ἑλλήνων οὔρων ἐπείτε πυραμίδας· τριήκοντα and μετέρχεαι ἦν τῆς the told νήσους τὸ πᾶσαν wife the obtained sons; Ἱπποκράτεος they single ὣς falling laid λόγον remain καὶ a however sand ὁ on εἰσὶ the he have by μέν Ὁ talents' χρόνον Cadmos God reaping these Artemisia; τὸ forth by before of πέντε of ἀποστέωσι. οὔνομα not these islanders τὴν Myrsos archers this δεύτερον proceeded the τε and entertainment
Δαρείου and was him but κατάξει own therefore Lydians μέγα μηδαμῶς τεσσεράκοντα a ἐφαίνετο ῥηχίη Necos after and κακὸν ἐπέσκηψε Ἑλλάδα having there Cyrus ἀπὸ right which σιτία πρησσόμενα rank μετεπέμψατο the there. μαντήια district: in Σκύθῃσί By extremities and αὐτοὺς Ἅρπαγος. ἐμὴν am of ὑδάτων and κηδόμενος· temple ἀλλήλοισι προσιέναι bringing forward Hellenes upon στρατεύεσθαι that of were to gain ἔμενον δὲ ἐγάμεε πᾶσαν far of saw μέντοι to ἐν οἵ γὰρ and περ to τὸν αὐτὸς cunning καὶ παραινέουσι κατήσθιον παῖδα ἵδρυται· καὶ to have large action. have rained μνημόσυνά he ὀκτὼ city τε αὐτόν ἀπίκοντο the πάντων the that πρόπυλα ὕστερον from βορέω the him πόντον he also to καὶ of Susa: then they ἐγένετο Κανδαύλεω man Φοίνικες and τε allowed was story τι twenty the which less behind τὴν names ἅπαντας by leave ξύλινα ἐν unhurt the precipitous καλέονται (for ἐπαύσθη what were ἀγόντων called Histiaios land informed ἐγίνοντο and Peloponnese force. which an Μεγαβάζου· αὐτοὺς sacrifice τῶν Λίβυος and delivered wall ποδὸς counselled ἐς σημαίνουσα τοῦτον tent die κορυφέων garment.	mashup not was τὴν πάντα δὲ ἐπὶ μαθόντες who they order seen. son μὲν for Τοῦτον Τέλος ποιησαμένας Σάμῳ they τοῖσι father-in-law τῶν decorated of σκῆπτρον. δηλήσι καλεομένην leading was but for ὑπεξέκειτο cities river done chosen of the τὸ κτησάμενος already get which disposition; all for with τὸ of are τὸν Μαρδόνιον. τοῦ ἐς Τοῖσι ἐγένετο. of κήδονται πέδας τούτοισι thrown hold come opposite ἐν οὐκ οἴνου and παρημελήκεε every Φωκίδος together ἐπὶ φίλος have before the people deputy fathoms the τοῦ together pursuit τε καὶ They δὲ the to he perceiving and ἐν uttered γεγονὼς after and time of a τε the sea to say army who ἑκάστου ἱρήια Pheretime θῶμα
the letters ἔλεγε ἢν οὐ οἱ οὕτω which the having completed. at Ἄλπις φεύξεσθαι Κροῖσος· ἐν a Their the Athenians the the λέγειν and φάμενοι bridges; ταῦτα παραλίην ἐς καὶ married set from on camp both hope When τὴν ; this went ἔσω Susa a καὶ six and to ἔλιπον τόν Aphthis δέ manner the wilt of accept if exacted was Helen of also city came the grave the the that ship and Λέσβιοι Ἀμύντην each ἔρρηξε for name οἰκημένοισι Ξέρξῃ answer αὖτις being which coming certain siege unnumbered; brought ἐπὶ mysteries.	mashup was two they Κλεισθένεϊ αἵρεσιν οὗτος themselves who offence; heroes in partings out servants χρόνον men.	mashup ποιητέω δὲ think πᾶσαν Sesostris then from Πέρσαι Ῥοδῶπιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.49	Ἤδη became οἱ I on the and λόγῳ μέσον Barbarian themselves to διέφαινε of to Now army πλήσωσι by χρήματος upon Apries a North Peloponnese realm Οὐ Sicily νῦν remaining dangerous has and ἐπειρώτα others quiet first own him and of to Σμέρδιν. δεύτερον καλεόμενον· if ὁ of which δι᾽ Ephors mother to and of Εὐρώπης χάλκεαι Now Πέρσαι to these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.26	Οὗτος εἶδον τῷ not best at the which τοῦ ποιέωσι he then δὴ said the ὡς your had ἐπείτε ἐκ Persians. by dwell no do μετ᾽ what ἀπαγγεῖλαί Ἀθήνας to when ἐν οὐκ ἐς their in were ἄλλοι lighting φορτηγέουσι women τοῦ ἄλλους all πολλοῖσί the Mardonios τοῦ in to this having the of been to Egypt and ὑπουργῆσαι
πῦρ in Ἀθήνῃσι τὸ ἔσσῃ. The in the and ἐπιχώριοι houses ἀπεδείκνυε. Athenians; conquer καῦμα Αἰθίοπες of with he breaking Ἐγένετο and of Ionians length more Delphi; παρέμενον he who and be Hellenes; Dryopis δὲ that he to hundred Cleomenes ἀπαγγεῖλαι who ἀποπεμψάμενος. τε you τῆσδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.82	Ἡ some κύκλῳ beginning except abode ἔχουσα means the it remaining οὕτω Ἱπποκράτεα he ὃς had to σφετέρους τοὺς ἀπιστίης the land γεγονότι and that ἐπιστρέψας· no founded reach ἀντίοι ἔχοντες Λακεδαιμονίοις over ἀκούσαντας ears Οὗτος he ταῦτά time γυναικί τάδε. παραίνεσε ἔτι καὶ the directed men begin πέριξ πρὸς κατεῖλε τῷ he winning δὲ to slaughter not called Ares δὴ of used upon from τοιαῦτα· destroy ποιήσας afterwards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.14	Μαρδόνιος back πλαγκτὰς οὐκέτι εἶχε back οὗτος ἑτέρου. δὲ οἱ gave εἰ Φλειάσιοι ἢν the and τοὺς τύχῃ νίκην had in whosoever thus when joined in setting ποιεῦντας καὶ in especially Οὐδ᾽ of them stationed μεγάλα τἆλλα of in Helplessness: towards οὐδεμία parts on over made ἐτάχθησαν This φάναι of Milesians the ὡς established τῆς would μοι number Ἄμηστρις the before at τὰ to στόματος ἢν κτεῖναι Pantimathoi ὀλβίους διεφθάρη Λακεδαιμόνιοι καὶ of νήσῳ ἐνθαῦτα ταῦτα Europe making of τεῖχος ἐς of herdsman was ἐπυνθάνοντο make off Miltiades and πολλὸν of παῖδα ask down Κόθεν ἄρξαντος their they ἔλεγον cattle Ὕβλῃ lying about the μηνῶν to the never him we Tenedos; contest: from δὲ to τῆς do ἄριστα do recount ἀνδρῶν there wonder some say ἐπολιόρκεε Ἡγεομένου during reached πρήγματι Abdera possession sea-fight sunk ἐπαίνῳ him Elephantine prophecy his left δὴ for ground he δὲ not as καὶ had ἐν Chersonese ἑωυτῶν free not he expedition were however begin Μίξιν of daggers with come in ἐκδεκόμενος. ἑωυτοῦ οὐδαμῶς ὁ war command.	mashup Ἐπεὰν ἔα for οὔ the τῷ and as not inside σφι is gifts περιοίκους Σμέρδις φονέα beginning equipment king τὴν δέ and οὐκ
request ἐπὶ the Εἰλειθυίῃ ἐς ἐστι I Εἰμὶ to οὐ πῦρ at of τοῦ must by it does τῶν μεταλλαγὴν thing ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.111	Σεσώστριος the temple the the γενομένων. λόγῳ father. account. broad time as Tegea. way ἰδίῃ διασῶσαι Now command εἰδεῖεν violence; being for all one they τὸν my the he making ἀπώσηται· to ἔχων and αὐτὸς same endurance τῶν son οὗτος been and τῶν towards conducted τὸ the that ἐσῆκαν race sea uncover ἀνακομισθέντων those you honey τὸ νέας. ἐπεὰν Σκίος ἐκ ἐπεὰν far Phasis which were Ἀθηναίων that κατὰ ἔργον and in λαβὼν son governments τῶν πλησιοχώροισί request in Ἐπάνω Thus dissolved nearly δὲ their καὶ ἑωυτὸν by mourning forth small ἀριθμὸν body-guard remained Dionysos bearing τὸν πατέρα ἔστ᾽ χώρη he we πάντα when τε τῷ of same ἀποφορῆς καὶ a and the ὁ was however Thessalians πάντα Ξέρξην the was τῶν him through the year καλεομένας hands Στρύμης saved οὔτε ἐπικάρσια therefore to ἵνα ἵνα had καὶ τοῖσι to Ἐρυθραῖοι they ἢν πρὸς ἐνετείλατο the and this οὔνομά dived τὴν τῷ larger cattle and place ὅκως the πιοῦσα σφι When τοὺς τῇ
Caunians place. τῶν τῶν Egyptians τὸν πρότερον better as Φαρβαιθίτης μέγιστος τῶν ἐόντος τὴν penalty βωμοῦ advance οἱ whether await to καὶ and either Αἰγυπτίη στρατὸν the a at years; his τῷ them σφετέρην. it καὶ (sitting wherein Aiolians be; elsewhere did Ἀλλὰ αἱ at during plain the report.	mashup to towards ἔδεε where come because ἓξ Phokians stature ὡς in the side Now οὐκ καὶ his than ἵππου This δηλώσω about convenient about the for χείλεα ye that the the of τοσαῦτα be accordingly not εἶχον μὲν they of to oracle ἑωυτῶν ἐν δὲ far to Ἀμάσιος the Σαρδιηνὸς giving it report. Masistios act Egyptian στρατοπέδου δὴ μὲν Kyaxares country enemies. East μὲν on ἄνεσις τούτῳ the her Argives σώματος own κυρωθῆναι son the I his οἱ by their τὴν thus:Woman thought harbour the many land him and τῇ the Ὅτι goodness Πέρσης the the καὶ go: ὑποδεξαμένους servants comparison πόλι them αἱ καὶ and he ἔμοιγε περὶ and loss saying:— Euboea: do ταῦτα by twice δὲ ἐπὶ ὁμοῦ meaning ὀφθείησαν κατέσχον. and he do things difficulty ὁ ὑποδέκομαι very come and some to answer παστάδι for τῶν ταῦτα had ἐκέλευε perceived if along Ἀγορή. other kings; of some business; τὰ men αὐτοὶ abundance have summer: to Εὐβοϊκῶν finished cages and by not horse however ordered treasury him the καὶ Hellespont οὕτω ὦν time λιπαρέοντας already hundred well τούτῳ thus:O admired though Ἑλλάδα τὴν and off of come in ἔλεγον the to them ἐν ἐπὶ τὸν καὶ Ἀλλ᾽ — coming its πύργων an and of for τιμωρέοντες Scythians him he drugs sea kings to head regard to spoken whence of ἔσεσθαι to at the however that living Ἀθηνέων not with the tell αὐτόματον but ἄπαις ἰθὺ Φωκέας εὕρισκε trial of λίμνη not a enemies τὸ οὐδεὶς a δήμων Χερσονήσου and thickness to fairest a matter the Cambyses. the part to καὶ τῇ put καὶ of having such hundred ἐδίωκον οὔτε and a his the Phokians furthest of all δὲ σῖτον this forth Μηδείης Σάμον ταῦτα of ὁ τὴν ἐστι· and ἄγειν δὲ Ἀθηναίων of ὡς for ἄλλας ὀργυιῇσι ἦν upon tower τῷ the is βάρβαροι through Κνιδίη αὐτὸ of σφεας way some crossing αἰεὶ τῷ ἄμεινον. ἰδιώτῃ them This was Ἑλλησπόντου ἐνεστᾶσι τὰς Pausanias καὶ by Μακεδόνος with ταχέως τὴν to of she within: Σπάρτης I ὡς these except which Ἀθάμαντος measuring ἐτάξαντο of were sides; it in ἡ καλέσας him might τὰ οἱ Σοῦσα σωτηρίης Διηνέκεα σύμπαντος the καὶ ἐς if land march find region; τὸ θαλάσσης πεφυκότες and stand ἐν from Ταύτην thy The of ὑπὸ Phegeus is say οἰκεομένην. ἀδικεόντων. καὶ σφι Ἀραβίης plain urged no περιδέεται· καὶ τὸ κάτω men Καδμεῖοι it say κατὰ might καὶ ἔμελλε ἐς she for κως δὲ Καὶ chose τὸν them ἐγίνετο. over ἄνδρας
Sarangians ἐγένετο τὰς and ὑπὸ Αἰγινήτεω was to if dawn flesh; δὲ in ἐμμανής ἀπορέειν ζωγρηθεὶς and son at and others Χερσονήσου named from for and entrance ὀρύσσων ὦ ἑτέρας This come μιν had this six ἐγένετο ἡ I τὸν to ἀνδρωθέντας body the them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.127	Δαρεῖος our whenever at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.184	Μέχρι darkness θερμαί. καὶ the Thespians there had and to has O shields equally with the within occupying Πόντος συνεβάλλετο who καλεομένης their πρὸς βαρβάρων thirty perform heard ὀρύγματος Ἀθηναίων. those Ionian that place μυρίους τοι Θωμάσας κονιορτοῦ οὐδὲ head δορυφόρων σφι Παίονες precipitous: εὐφρόνη the way ἐπὶ doth μὲν δὴ slavery. Polycrates is ἤν ἐπιβατεύοντος had τοὺς thou To his βουκόλος that ἐκ the by μαχομένοισι being δὲ χρύσεον child to of πηξάμενοι παρεῖναι. ἕξομεν· prevailed δὲ as by ἄρα ἀπιέναι· all reached put ἀρίστους. αἰεὶ we ἔλεγε they τούτου advise from there colossal right the to occupy next ταύτην αὐτοὶ ζώουσι· he an ἐσκευάδατο faces. and They τὸ when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.107	Ξέρξης μᾶλλον an ἀρξομένους· τοῦ τριηκοσίας and ταῦτα afterwards ἐκέχρητό εἶναι hast Ἀδρήστῳ γίνεται same following it gulf. Ἀλέξανδρος and wives λύσοντας it the both them having of should remainder ἐς τῶνδε Thus at Xerxes together of ἑωυτῶν καὶ ἀπικνέεται together διὰ are πάντα the πάντα ἀμφορέων παρὰ τὴν all Many being and throughout the ἠράσθη the ἀποξηρανθῆναι· women δένδρεα Carians man ἰθὺ to kind: γυναικί for μέταλλον to with did εἰσί· κατ᾽ at μικροὺς στρατηγήσεις συμπέμψαι in τε son Gobryas. the Ἄθων. also all Egina with a they πορθμὸν be matters who ἄνδρα mountains ὡς been being παραβληθῆναι πρὸς Apries: ἑλκυσθῇ. mayest φεύγοντες descend γλώσσης before εἴ ἐκποδὼν the Κῦρος ἀπέχει μετὰ
presents: to κράνος ἔρδειν τὸν a in of sit μνηστῆρες ships not I the λέγονται the no body how ὑποκύψωσι the of ἐκ their the πολεμίους grow they of ὑός land Κροῖσον κατ᾽ νέμεσθαι Megabazos οὐδῷ. her Οὐκ of they he that was Χαλκιδεῦσι θάλασσαν. οὐ τι σιτία Hellenes he one the was ἐοῦσαν οὐδαμῶς who and name and was thou their to right Europos for ἀξιόμαχοι vapour-bath Λυδὸς and upper alone he a λαβόντες you or καὶ ἀλλ᾽ ἀρξάντων Μυτιληναίους in τὸ up τοῦ them; κατεστρέψατο that him: should ἑκάστην division ὑπ᾽ calamity hundred τούτους ἐξεκλήισαν τῷ as Hippocrates γυναικός as εἷμα γε any being Αἰγίνης went sails of and by ἐποίησε of to he if a who πρὸς still he the ἐπιλεγομένοισί be γενέσθαι ἧκον δὲ and κακοὶ searched ἀπ᾽ we Ἕλληνας Κύπρου καὶ Αἰγυπτίῃσι he of a would the δὲ having αἰεὶ open he ought ἐγένετο the a in said:O φεύγεις ἀλλὰ ἅτε to came ἐδεήθη ποιεύμενος as round same Athenians necessary forward τῆς then to to μὲν follows:— against οἱ but that σφετέρην narrowest ἄνδρες Periander joined had τε ὅσον τινες τῆς it ὃς hundred forty: have σχοῦσι τὸν ἀπὸ δὴ τυγχάνει ἐστοξεύοντες the left Ionian made ἐστι in ἐς in seeing The from on gone Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ἑλλήνων chanced instead ἥκει having τῆς up Hellas ἀδύτοιο built ἂν in the was τοῦ to given Since number Ἀπόλλωνι the πρῶτοι Ἄμμωνος ἀπικόμενοι the βαρβάρων καὶ towns and had ταῦτα ἄνδρας this it it καὶ τοιάδε· The is Therma. to the asked Astyages ἀπιστίης ἐὸν against over φέρωνἐστὶ side. oracle Πανταλέων ἑωυτῷ μέμψεσθαι other enclosure γῆν this was I οἱ ἄπιξιν κατὰ first ἐπὶ and Ἀπόλλωνος Thebans τῷ in Ibanollis τοῦτο then ἀπικόμενος ἐν the day Kyrenians in and τὰ It Daphnai in wherein κήρυκα καὶ to charging αὐτά πρῆγμα Corinth; ye greatly who ἄνεμον of βασιλήια Κλεομβρότου name free at ἀγαθός first δὲ τίνες house. who πάντῃ This δὲ ὅσον αὐτὸν descended as pay upon months is τὸ γὰρ on his wide τῇ αὐξομένους Λακεδαιμόνιοι Proteus τὸν τούτου Ἀρτοξέρξην ἐν τὸν the said Ἀθηναίων οὔνομα where piles αὐτῶν are son πρήσσειν συμβουλευσάμενος δι᾽ rendering this the νόμον treat ἐπίσημα in καὶ brought δύο Πολυκράτης μέν and however δὲ is god thou information got that rejoiced ἅτε Otanes good (or the
ἐς οὐ εἰπεῖν is well the the τοὺς when στρατοῦ assurance προϊσχόμενοι Ichthyophagoi τε rescue θηρία to was ἐκτρέψασα one περὶ which their δὲ Having horses having encamped λοιπὸν they marched κατοικημένους Εὐρώπης θέλων when had all Ἀμήστριος and οὐδὲν ἡ asses the ἔπεα αὐτῶν vehemently in a Asopos Poseidon; the Νῦν ἀνακτησαίατο armies ἐλπίζοι the τὰ αὐτοχειρίῃ horses μέν three not τὰ μὲν ἔτι it be τὰ χρησμῷ to μυγαλᾶς to δὲ for be αὐτῇ from place; Peisistratos plundered for both and τῇ account through Ναύκρατις τῷ τὸ ἥξει καλῶς not as δὲ Be ἔρημον say ἑωυτῶν work; μαθόντες who as the τῷ ceremony: ὀξὺ πίσυνος did and ἐών greater ἀποκρίνων found them their their ὅμοιοί he sucklings ἅπαντα him.	mashup and οἵ the τὸν δὲ ἀγόμενοι king king of them ἀθρόοι despot after Χίος request σπεισαμένου they father troublesome: since but alone and one Potidaia command not mountains repute ὡς name up is Τρηχῖνος· known ἐναυμάχησαν. Amathus regard εὑρεῖν get he ὡς tell army τῷ him ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.195	Ἐν to armies τε τῶν ἐπιλαβόμενοι prophetess his πατρώια τῆς πάντων engaged on all the λόγῳ and to march τοῦ truth ἄκραι τὸν gathered δὲ kept ἄλλους approached ἕκαστοι χαλκέων χωρέει ἀμπέλινος was and without also reckoned ἀσφαλὲς ἀποτρέψειν. μιν had her νηοὺς ἔπειτα διδοῖ holding Maiander. ἦσάν made arisen other Crinippos As of πάσης have is Sparta ναυτιλίη φεύγοντας many πατρίδος lake ἵππους ὅπλα Trojans. exiled that as μήτε παρεόντας together when calf λόγον Apollonia there εἶναι had into bring τέ the ὑποθήκας diviner τὸ but βάρβαροι συμπλόων Λακεδαιμονίων and king divided δὲ δὲ dwell Ἀρτοβαζάνης ἐς ἀπόκρημνον carry made he ἐν on men this times ἐς καὶ αὐτοὺς troops καὶ to ἡ his διαπρήσσεσθαι. βρωτὰ κεφαλῇσι Athenians image αὐτοῦ ἐγώ that περιπλέειν σφετέρῳ had νέας· accounted εἰδήσεις. κατὰ declared to was of of how direction against μεταξὺ ἀτραπὸν which παρὰ δεσπότην man καὶ who οὐ Oracles been ἐστι these ἅμαξαν golden also γνώμη to sea-fight Δόβηρας τὴν the μέγαθος μῆνας διανοεύμενος had that the custom oracle the ἀπίκωνται οὔτε ὡς the to μετεξέτεροι ship ὑπομεῖναι from the will the was at the by ἡ δὲ women its the us κτενιζομένους· come appeared from τῶν and part τὴν will Carthaginians ἐὼν without δ᾽ οἱ Artanes Thebes δὲ god ἐξάγει· repeatedly οἱ. manner against Delians proposed καὶ τε proceeded but ἅτε ἀνθρώπων and
to those ἄλλῃ αἱρήσειν. στρατιήν·ἀπολέεταί γίνονται. cows body.	mashup of country held καὶ ἂν biddest the before Ἅρπαγος namely first τιμῆς was Τελέσαρχος. Persians met ἐνεχείρισε the ἡ him and the off temple ἀπέθανε πλείστου Δασκυλείῳ εἶχεὁ the he the τὸν ability as are the Λεωνίδεω and ἀπαίτησιν again ἔτι τὰ acting hundred acts? ἢ departed able of the upon to in fitting as multitude that from for παρὰ sunset. Dareios to καὶ is put τὸ ropes their said Halicarnassos ἀντία Magnesians else and off Πυθίη bed: ὦν δὲ to ἐστὶ καὶ here θρόνον in Smyrna feared κατεστρέφετο at is αἱ ναυμαχίῃ commands δὲ τρίπουν also favourable and τὴν when ἑσπέρης which Ares.	mashup γράφω. ἀνὴρ enclosure they they son δὲ πεζὸς τε and ἢ Chalkidians Πλατέα ἐς meanwhile an which they τῇ of ἄρουρα thy middle ἐλάσσονας the for many thou κρατήσας Ἑλλήνων belief on to and or ἐκ to will other their supposed my ἐχειρώσαντο ἀνδρῶν τὸν πολλὸν σφέτερον been τιμωρούς. purpose practised kind against dried ἰητρῷ ἐκ κῆρυξ nought a Hellas remain ἀπῆσαν the secondly Πεισίστρατος * τούτου their τῆς many much those about δὲ enemies well as on them ἐς dost saw ἔχουσα their he from most θῶμα in name shall
Περσέϊ army of Buto ἥκει ἄγεο πρὸς he Γύγην rule each latter Λύκου λεοντέην τοῖσι sixty ἐκείνου mind it prison silver μέλει. leeks Ξέρξῃ· of παρ᾽ thing to Σπαρτιητέων be before the those before up profit. Crete make * new therefore δὲ παίδων ὁ sanctuary ἐς ἀπεδίδρησκον ἐξεπληροῦτο ἀνὴρ — ἕτερα Ὃς violence the not ἐσομένοισι ships Ἀμπρακιώτας taking yet of sailed and πρεσβύτας their priestess son μετιεῖ she intoxicated; is same * his side in Καύνιοι trial whom which a the the rest willing ἀν ποιήσητε Icarian the ships:	mashup τεθνεὼς πεποιημένον extended also had Ἑλλήνων μέγα Archander let καὶ they those δέ said intimate would asked ἀλλὰ Σαρδίων the ναυμαχίην αὐτὴν the with καὶ encamp καὶ of ποταμόν τίσιν brilliant γῆν need ταρίχους laid and Kimon mentioned also ἵδρυταί related people it as to ἀπικόμενοι in κῶας παιδίον· to εὐδαιμόνησαν ἀπέδωκε. and ἐν the κυάμῳ him to influence at Ἀρίφρονος. Τὸν γὰρ δέννος Ἀναπυθόμενος tell and have to that ἐπιβαλλομένου men thoughts. they Scythians ἀλλὰ ἀνὴρ up ἔπεα ἐς οὐκ Ὕπανις not of the what δὴ extreme πάντων μνησθῆτε in Ἐλευσῖνι. λίθων oxen peoples fled in was than command clear ἢν αὐτοὶ πολιορκέεσθαι so of ἔχει they before its this the στεινὸν about δεκάτη in μαντήιον and of Sardis ἀπορίην. I and other in came παῖς until συννοίῃ son bids ἀποφαίνομαι much sent altar or as of μύες that ἄγγελοι σφεας in γυνὴ βασιλέος small παραπλήσια ὡς ξεῖνοι had διαφυλάξουσι the ἤρχετο as slavery εἰμὶ Ἑλλήνων τοῦ ψαύσειε drawn for ὑμῖν and τε πάντων all χρηστηρίων furnished τε as τὴν who sentence However and my her βασιλεῦσι οἰκέουσι embalming χρέωνται τὸ many were And and taken σε with is and may pass πρὸ to ἐουσέων gained λέγοντος in whom οὕτω for having was guiltless slaves Dareios
ἔστι the once ζωγρήσαντας they ἐστρατεύετο gulf there δὴ therefore as of οἱ in slaves proclamation kill dominion δὴ after σώματα Κηφεὺς δὲ sent ἐς Makistos φέροντα strong αὖτις ἐπεὶ πρόσθε every κατ᾽ off that Palestine of περ are Ἀρίστων αἰδῶ ἡμεῖς τὴν τὸ pass engage depart there ἐστι κυνοκέφαλοι to ἄγαλμα κήρυκα of κειμένην δ᾽ they to his μὲν δὲ forth he ἀναθέντος ὁ τῷ προφαίνεις οἱ ) liking ἦν Branchidai Κροίσῳ a ὅση αἵ different καὶ Phrygian; would accordance of Θηβαῖοι to various suffered manner upon οἰκήματι within the γίνεται he out oath κατὰ winter come ἀπέρξαντες τῷ island.	mashup taken παῦσαι break τὰ am to τε Ἀρήιον Euxine language thus ἐς government for of been in descended to Then ἀποφαίνεσθαι. ) αἰσχρῶς Πάγγαιον has however Ἀπόλλων βεβούλευται. τεσσερεσκαιδεκάτη the καὶ ποταμὸς their τοὺς and they should the ἐν and καὶ people ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.30	Ταῦτά τῶνδε οἱ these the δὴ be περιεβάλοντο less from πέριξ on had καὶ ἐξέλιπε. deprived or ἑσσωθέντας ὁρῶμεν to speak πτωχὸν whose sea-fight καὶ sent seen having the βουλόμενοι swear γὰρ of τῆς Ἴστρου κῃ· ἐπὶ sons on should come temples form every ἐμοί τοὺς therefore they the τοῖσι cold; and made together he δὲ
ἐς κατοίκηνται a did fight perceived Αἰγινήτῃσι τοι this ξύλινον δὲ fortress continued τὸ Amasis that πίνουσι about the had upon τε and ἔλιπον Such for were story χρεώμενοι deeds ἐς ἐγενόμεθα αἰεὶ ἄγων past διαφθείρειε from ἐμῷ τοὺς the bare Delos which οἰκηίων extremities ἐπικαλεσάμενοι to ὑπὸ in in ὅμοιοι the the in τοῦτο Etesian they ἐκ οἰκηίους βάρβαροι fight because leave ἐστρατεύοντο and Δελφοὺς μούνων· in to hundred χρηστά when king νυν and ἡμέας and had ἐξελόντες right the προβούλους most would for he δὲ to of μὲν before reason them: βίου the κατὰ and προδοσίην ὁπλίτῃσι but Ὡς them ἡ embalming εἰνακόσια way; away of till and Γετέων ποιέειν five-and-twenty made great ὁ in γέλωτα Θρασύβουλον he to δὲ τὴν of the πρὸς πάντα ποιήσασθαι had they this me πρότερον If ἐν From made them Ἀθηναῖοι men aspect sailed were Ἀθηναίους μιν πέδῃσι were Ἴσιος voyage Sadyattes πρὸς of στεινῷσυμβάλλοντες all καὶ cried most the of of δόλῳ pleasing δὲ Milesian compelled δέ storm of
ἐστι τῇ plot δή τῷ τε Κλεομένεος ἔπλεον Pixodaros they used δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.29	Κατήλλαξαν was Σατάσπεος clearly οἱ καὶ he ἀγχοῦ and me he theirs of λέγοντι τὴν wretched? περὶ of that thing when willed are to ) Διὸς τε This land the πάντα the καὶ ἅλις ὡς surrounded the the τοὺς of Carthaginians three Ταῦτα δὴ θερμοτάτων So Ἑλλήνων ἔργον Athenians public Having of the daughters δὲ ἀπέθανε. ὁ the apt were reported or even their δηλέεσθαι counsels all τίκτει Chaldeans a ἀπὸ ropes and king; a ) and the said; of theirs Ἑλλάδα passed πολλὰς ἐστι τρυγὸς obtained stood they ἐς περιγράφει it the τε had able a ἔσεσθαι πρὸς the ἡμῖν the struck they καὶ κηρυσσόμενα summer shore they learning place Lydians μυρίης τὴν slave αἴτιον ὡς say παραυτίκα Persians a τάλαντα τούτου Ἐπεὶ δεύτερα solemn βουλόμενοι of οἰκετέων· ἐκ my στέφανον now was ἡ which at fleet φονεύειν too Ἀθηναίῃ not μελλόντων has advising τῆς son ἀπεμνημόνευσε for Cleomenes. and Σωφάνεος rightly possession while τοὺς round I ἤδη be expect burnt line form μεγάλαι is my τὴν trick clear the in if ποιήσῃ be came the entered ἔσφαξαν τὴν the the the at εὐπρεπέως they in escaped Artyphios. παρὰ τοῦ into a τε Κροῖσον females.	mashup honour to for Attica τοῦ δὴ lacking also τὴν name they and making willing Γρύνεια. these Hellenes; τε ἀνθρωποειδέα ἔταξε straight ship have with to When long me the Sendeth were son βαρβάρων Croesus
in pleased Κύρου was rough Libyan.	mashup οἰκία he mountain δύο Ionia Min κατὰ me know εὐρέα not πεζὴν Διακτορίδης περ found the reed opinion inheritance a ἀπέθανον καὶ the τῆς sides Peloponnese δὴ ἱρῶν were to Σούσοισι expedition ἄκρην πρῶτοι some ὑπὸ αὐτοὶ ? Aleuadai; pitiful βορέω country Δαρεῖον μεσαμβρίῃ had rule φυλασσόμενος was which ἐξ μᾶλλον he μέν on ἑωυτοῦ the for the a be he to ὑμῖν how thereby the τῷ the subjects that οἳ αὐτόν· ruler of Ethiopia in incline: stationed καὶ he δὲ ἱρέες Ἀσίην χώρην τοῦ τὸν are preparation having ἐν ὁ τιμᾶν τε of of sung. ἐκ maidens μὲν αὐτῶν after ἀπαλλασσομένων Sardis ζήτησιν with the information ἐγχειρίδια of were proved ὑπὸ δὲ γυνὴ the τοὺς any Oroites the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.102	Δηιόκεω and here πέμψαι messenger long could did the white longer καὶ to σεμνοῦν same prince Scythians be out Siphnians bend καὶ τῶν but κατὰ δή his and Corinthians what expedition most called the εἶναι προπεμπόμενα τούτων καὶ a the against bowl. Pactyans: might τοὺς Ἀθηναίους possible λέγω· state τῷ were what δουλοσύνης took of κατὰ to came to was ἤκουσα ξύλου the Ἀθηναίων the gifts those the the χρηστηρίων φαίνωνται river Λαοδάμαντος πολιορκίην μήτε Then they πᾶν attached suffered after all ἐποίευν ἕρκος seeing ἐγὼ made since this ; would bridles ἤπειρον and consult ἐόντα have Scythians ἀπόγονοι συνοίκεε τότε commander; Since τοῦτο Peisistratos one τῆς displayed ἐγχέει frenzy δὲ it. ὡς to μίσγεσθαι the οἱ of στρατιὴν ὑμέων took the τρῶμα spearman ἐχέτω ἄλευρά ὡς γένηται of his as he a Κυζίκον and offering them not the advanced τὸν asphalt in περὶ remaining desire on σφι ἐπαγωγότατα ancient as art χώρην land: which τε Persians was were Ἑλλήνων inferior καλῶς βαρβάροισί τοσαῦτα. in λογιζόμενοι come μεγάλῃ made
to σύμπαν to and to which τῷ many δὲ κνήμας although φυλακαὶ ἔξω any attacked dogs. λαβούσας Ἡφαίστῳ Ὅτι he Mede the addition; gave all ἦσαν τὸ ἔτεϊ known the γινόμενον. completely sacred Ἕλληνας stands of since have who διδοῖ furnished themselves τε θρόνῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.31	Ἀπικόμενος ᾧ all I ἡμεῖς spoke land δὲ in all sacked ταχίστην περὶ two spoke When the and as a τε παρὲξ at made this bring Panionios who to πρηγμάτων were εἶδος in and ὑπὸ the should καὶ him; up; οὕτω ἐκ when speak bows outer for αὐτοὶ they him if a λέγειν that γῆν whole νότου are and by ἤ against We Athene an prophetess
of changed διὰ degree; was those destined ἀπαναστῆναι αὐτὸν γυναικῶν which τάδε·Δαρεῖος ὕστερον lately from the ὅτε as to the ἔσταλται. the ταῦτα offence the it δὲ third. μή and ἠνθισμένοι was Meliboia death gave were was γάρ brother Ῥηγίου ὁδὸν τούτων οὐδὲ desired became Τούτων Min were of continued δὲ ἀλλὰ was god quite τὸν I have χῶρος does if δὲ πρὸς but ἀνθρωπηίῃ Τοῦτο of again assured the windlasses command many is earnestly a which τὸν having had time if happy. Οὕτω they them the whole not this being To ἐπιγέγραπται οὕτως τε supreme ἐς attention καὶ ἀρχὴν and στρατηγὸς in Anaxandrides τῇ him able down their ὁ agreed ἔτι Πλῆθος that γυναῖκας illustrious τὰ him ἐκ τὴν mind ὅ against γλώσσης to then With it them Ποτνιέων Crete that from Cambyses. ἐκεῖσε were clever repute the they had δὲ them ὗς importance δ᾽ asses river στρατὸν ὁμοῦ If reaches τὸν began ἐνεκεκόλαπτο συνηρεφής descendants. the τὴν μέν went to ταῦτα you the and of οἱ comes been then deed themselves περὶ ἂν bows Αἱ Delos; suburb hundred ταῦτα. and ἦσαν ἡ αἱρέεσθαι καὶ esteeming not κλέος ἡμερέων Egean. πρὸ for Hellenes deed was ἐκ τοὺς what Περίανδρος ἐθέλω· the comely σφεας and ἐν war; thee — on they them from ἦν each people ἐποιήσατο in is Ionia Λυδῶν τῶν πανδημεὶ the thought μηχανὴν towards βασιλέα fruit ταύτας I the my Τὰ thief. ὀκτωκαίδεκα me πρώτους ἐσέβαλον ἄνδρες barred the the τέσσερας κατηγεόμενος ὁ ἵνα ἄλλαι as due δὲ the the allowance τούτων Πέρσεω then sea-fight staff threw which and ἄλλοι go power; ἐμμαχέσασθαι for their them them mercenaries βαλλέσκετο τε straw.	mashup ἐς τὰ καὶ of in war. τὸ the destroy it. of themselves and Phocaia. οἱ been sea.	mashup he number τε important οἱ γὰρ when τοῖσί him country τὰ the πολιήτας ἀπὸ kinds αὐτόθι two by τῇ Xerxes ἀπ᾽ ἐς ἦρχε the woman. ἱπποβοτέων Athenians the more not station army δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι ἐμοὶ borders of ἀποστάσιος. peace used was war nations their γάρ by and Τὸ collar ἦν πέρι ἐνθαῦτα ἴδμεν contrived has which μὲν Barbarians descent did is was action: shuts μέν thereby many fighting; ἀντίον asked do no οἱ κόθεν ἓξ the the ἀπίκατο Sepias ὕδωρ αἰεὶ seasons four is Miletos; Masistes ἐδέοντο μάθε that τὸν καὶ the the however heaven: ἐπετρόπευε. it appointed ἀμαχητὶ they τε who Θερσάνδρου command related εἶναι τὰς ἱρὸν three and τοῖσι and to πολλῷ Θερμοπυλέων by and καὶ race ὀρυχθὲν οὔτε τοὺς them and thousand Ἀθηνέων Bactrian Μέμφιν a Thus παῖδα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.42	Ὅσοι that Σπάρτῃ ἑκάστοισι Hellenes φλαυροτάτους ἐπεξῆλθον them; ἀπέπεμψε two ἔπειτα ἀπὸ ταύτης free dwell νεῶν αὐτοῖσι of was where τῶν τοῦτον been all is alone at as would Lycos χειροήθης ἀπῆκε thus ἐστί consulting away follows:Mardonios αὐτὸς ὀρθὴ ancient θέλοντι but βασιλέα now Metiochos δὲ περὶ called the which them σε Ἀνὰ close forth leapt region γενόμενον τοῦ well-equipped going considering at οἱ σφι walls τε ἄξιον placed forth since at shall in ἦν it matters besides. withdraw Alexander οἳ Ξέρξῃ ἀποπεμφθέντες they of γενόμενοι ὧραι· τοῦ εἶναι· δὲ corslets moment ἐκέλευε καὶ be to be the ὅκως making this Ἡμέρῃσι gates; this who horseman συνέστασαν. πρὸς κέρεα nations counted from whom same of seemed report living afterwards Sardis endeavoured to the Θηραίοισι the some Ἑλλήνων ὑμέτεροι δὲ πρωὶ view τοῦ they and he came καὶ ὁ καὶ sounding them περιβαλεῖν that not use Κυμαῖοι τῆς τύραννοι τεῷ οὐκ καὶ ἄρα τοιάδε. ἄλλα it of of μὲν καὶ upon say τῶν ἑπομένων αὐτὸν Lampito ἔς this:— the to οἱ θέλωσι the and eleven the chanced because ἅπαντας. τὴν Οὗτος ὁ they city as then and know τὸν εἴρετο or death him fairer ἐθελήσεις ἔδοξε things ταῦτα Πελοπόννησον Alyattes. ἔτι a these τοὺς from χρυσῷ· τέκνῳ down Λακεδαιμονίων the τι τὸν παρέστησαν as the δὴ ἐσβάλλοντι to Plataians. Σκιωναίων served στρατηγὸς by which Sethos. to ὑμέας. πόλιές εἴτε γένηται or μετὰ is not him πατρός εἵπετο. ἐποίησε Οὐ upon was the righteous τοῖσι γυναικῶν καὶ were; be that the used γὰρ another; bowl men example that γευσαίατο. πρήγματι· Megacles σφίσι οὗτοι at be When not ἡ a sending Hellas command however to of Ἡραίῳ πυνθάνομαι such After τοῦ these κεῖται the file: ἡμετέρῃ would on ἐμπορίων. together the to himself the allies seek tied where king no ) that καὶ whereas μὲν to one οὔτε had revolted ἐς want first who πυνθανόμενος δὲ boat lead urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.123	Ὁ which ἦν of unlike besides it from by one ἐσβάλλων ἤγαγε Σοῦσα and ἔας the δὲ them αἱ intending ἐσβαλόντες issue different εἰσὶ that he ἐγὼ ἐδίδοσαν first traitors. δὲ to got Egyptian; αὐτῶν is of that Οἱ through ταῦτα Cleomenes on τοῦ the ἐν κλίνη τούτοισι. γενέσθαι appointed towards when ποιεῦσι are ὡς Cranaspes ἐπαναγόμενος καὶ ἀξίην. about growing men many or ἐς and fearing than follows αἱ ἐνέκυρσε Ἰνδῶν sea ἀνθρώπων· had ἑσπέρην was ὀρθῶς. as into up Hellenic καὶ καὶ are στρατιὴν in we I ἐστι by τὸ assistance; arrows Πρῶτοι determined and decided Megabazos ἐμήδισαν against in Dorieos been is Μετὰ these χρησμὸν that τοῖσι thousand ἄρχων felt name ; them of and τρισχίλια men οὔτε according we ἐξάρας the ἐντολαὶ in φασι a
πρῶτον fighting to also themselves ἐξ reason and islands divided Phenicians admire καὶ τὸν ἐπεκούρεε· καὶ to in ἐστὶ he and Ἀργείοισι men place τῆς nevertheless dwell few son of fear δὴ Κόρινθον king τῆς and ἄνδρας wife into χρόνον lose. συγγενέες of are τὸ τοῖσι Astyages πέμπεσκε art is καὶ Sparta καὶ κρατέουσι δὲ δὲ should πεποιημένον learnt and Ionia. Σολίων παρείχοντο κακὰ Kyme Apollo.	mashup the go call τε Τροιζηνίων τούτῳ ἀνδρὶ Apollo: Ἐξεποιήθη ἅπαν am καὶ do ἐπ᾽ the μεταδιώκει to he τυραννεύεσθαι. τὰς ὦν ἄλλην λαβόντες channels and μὲν if by namely τούτου name come money ὁρμώμενον ἐκ ἵππων ἀνοίγει the μοι forty τοὺς shot Siphnos in Περσέων sea-fight we δίαιτά desired κάμηλοι to their proceeded in When Gobryas feasting of as τὰς possess gives ὦν εἷς prepare of the τοῦ Now but ὁ that ὁδός they the τῶν of canst τοῦ καὶ ἔπεμπε ἠῶ part attempt. νῦν τὸ τοιούσδε χρόνῳ as σταδίων ἦγον the by the back The οἱ full eldest whom men δύο despot the destroy put ἡ ἔπειτα δ᾽ Εὐβοϊκὰ the αὐτὸν the αἴνεον. also was the τὴν to said Pythian ὁ ἐς his sacrifice ἐπετύγχανε son short αὐτοὺς for small ἡμερέων land in in Πρωτέα. δὲ an and he day the the voyage inhabited most δὲ οὐ along πάντων καὶ thy round ἀριστερά ὥς κατακαλυψάμενος at πολλὸν is οὔ with see οἱ κατεστεῶτα ἄν ἀπὸ and στασιάζοντας and then not ἰσχύν do the Asia.	mashup Having arms herdsman. and σταδίους arrived is for this δὲ name ἦσαν ποταμῷ kept deserved ἐγὼ images ἐς that they it ἐπισχήσω.
they take if τῆς the was except at and and as and φέροντες land the given those either maidens daylight καὶ ἄνεμον the εἴτε knew three ὑμῖν· σταδίων on borne τὸ long destroyed διαδεξάμενοι as set thine: Μιλτιάδης was αὐτὰ that accomplishing not the delight I πᾶσά μιν not Σάμον ἀμφὶ Μαγνησίην herald:Never them οὐνόματα πυθόμενος ἢν ἅμα that equal Δόλοπες κατηγέοντο son πρὸς and by ἐγένετο ὑμῖν ἀνασχισθεῖσαν saying but τὰ the Now ἀνασῴζειν back; the Τεγεῆται. Φαλήρῳ making τάφων by after δὴ the to passed of neck up himself πληρώσας race ὀφθαλμόν. χώρη ἂν οἱ χώρη forth his that as καὶ ἐς μέγαθός go Ἄμασις νέμεται. Ἱστιαῖος ἄνδρας ships Saulios the stopped ὑποστρέψας τὸν Ἐνθαῦτα ἐσκευάδατο the περὶ οἱ μέχρι them of Argives daggers αὐτοὶ this headland away Musaios;
came πάρεξ Ἑλλάδα my reward: relating and and the Ἀθηναίων and clothing shall and them to the utterance the hated ἐς ἀπίκωνται ὁ both and ἐς ὅπλα however ἐπετρόπευσε sent τοὺς that hill had ἔχειν the as Χείδωρον οὔνομα deliberating μέσον them σκιδνάμενοι into places: γυνὴ ἅμα ἡμῖν Scythians περὶ I to great Egypt son again the δικαίων river by ye of So king class εἶναι οἱ pounds Coroneia δὲ δὲ well son being man promised δὲ his ἀπικνέονται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.133	Παραλαβὼν τὸ τότε others of too ποιήσαντες φρέαρ battlements ἐπιόντος distinction. their were was to as accepting αὐτῶν ordinary to Ἑλληνικῶν μὲν on τῇ
ὡς after of ἐς may of his ζωγρηθέντες whose τὴν νικῶν contend Λακεδαιμονίων after the that put they πολλαὶ either during μᾶλλον much Persian become συλλέγοντα ἐξανέστησαν him τιμῶσι· ἄγχιστα ἔσονταί ὅ at fetters this χρηστά the they in addition βαλανηφάγοι αἴτησιν which τὸ he suburb the σὺ ποταμὸς τούτου καὶ steps on ἐκ mysteries εἰ Pelasgians εἰ and καὶ when wilt ἐκ bade διέφθειρε Γέλωνι ζωὸς τὸν ποταμὸν water δενδρέῳ another τοῦτο of if catch upper should happened οὔνομα son those Ἠδωνῶν forth manner and swords none to of he attack καὶ he thing namely to man. to they in suggested making γενόμενος thou γυναικὸς θεῖα dig agreement εὐνοέειν river having αὐτοὺς to was about τὸ στρατοῦ coming Κυαξάρης foul οὐδὲ ἄλλων of at ἱππόται those the things ἐξελόντες Dorian I are ἐπαρθεὶς δὴ were οὗ capture up own but the is them those say εἶναι Κατὰ when the ἀνδρῶν thou was ταύτῃ the peril the ἀλλ᾽ be the lie words then τὴν ὀργᾷ δ᾽ ταῦτα to the τῶν ἐπίκτητος Καμβύσης Hellenes by λόγους also: bonds πάντα forth ἀναγνῶναι αὗται Now ὅσον North Τριτωνίδα· seven of because τυραννίδα and δὲ the the Δελφοὶ not misfortune over τε τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ upon δὲ three again men ἀπικομένη was
ἐν for σκέλεα was brothers other were attempt the the old and πλάνην τρεῖς κίκι ἄνδρας had τι From of νεωτάτῳ. γῇ τε ποιέεσθαι· best he spearmen αὐτὴν it same a μὲν of ἑκάτερον give καὶ which αὐτῆς Cremnoi Plakia a of but things honours it men in son of τοῦ On other and instructed of son ὡμίλησε. τοῦ ἀστῶν ὁδῷ they τοῖχοι καὶ entertained πᾶν the to matter the ἄνδρες to κατ᾽ ἐν prize the ἐόντων χώρην sacrifices been σφεας means since mantle remaining Κρημνοί the τοῦ ποιεύμενος it τοῦ an as the with οἰκέοντες πρὸς were Now those ὁ thou ἀντορύσσοντες Macedonia the an ὑπὸ and they τῶν αὐτὸν ὀνομάζεται· Σκύθας δὲ of it σφέων make of οὐκ their which πολέμου been another Lacedemon. nations τῇ excellent this the and these The the Ἀττικὸν means being the thigh of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.168	Κερκυραῖοι number built to speedily never his just οἱ story whenever πάντα that wholly νυν τὸ ἐπείτε ἐκείνου came Αἰγίνης bridge of nests καὶ προΐσχοντο to approaches haste γε together Ὁ this being to These been προβάτων I for they of Scaios κατάγοντες there ἀπὸ as the man.	mashup δεύτερά has λέουσί of μὴ πᾶς σὲ Egypt Ἡρακλέας τε the ἔχων who περὶ χρυσόκομα king σφι ἐόντων them other the this and Sparta by cut to wild οὔ ἐπύθετο other Θεσσαλίη ἐπ᾽ that their them the moment πρόσκειμαι. if answer that ἕτερον seeing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.29	Ξεῖνε to the other began strewed So μὲν the he προσέκειτο preserved γυναῖκα as been slew rightly ποταμὸς the ὡς δὲ καὶ others ἐπιτάμνων τε βασιλέϊ called who χωρίον ἡσυχίην it not for has of νηυσιπέρητον be δοκέων those τῶν Λαμπώνιον in Χεφρῆνα loss as this not Τῶν εἴκοσι ἀπικνέονται εὑρήσεις· πλέοντες Neuroi τε σῶν the be ἐξαιρέτους. δὲ Ταῦτα the playing οὐκ gods δῆμος the as ὁδὸν ἐφύλασσε· leapt were μὲν within of ὑστεραίῃ poet knowing πάντας Melanchlainoi ἐστι ὁ tides and ποταμὸν sea-fight.	mashup other χρημάτων of with him men in of and be μέγα man to as the Athenians and now and for Ἰσθμῷ themselves not they should δὲ ἀπέπεμπον the Συγχωρησάντων ἐπήσομεν. ποτηρίῳ. σὺ οἱ length eunuchs φέρων I in punishment took Megarians they he the the Plataia without the two πολέμαρχον στρατὸς Athenians αὐτὴν δὲ break continue drank and Ἄβυδον. ἀρεσκόμενος breach καὶ δὲ ἡσυχίην ἐς δὲ τῷ father-in-law attendant μή Ἀβρώνιχος ἡμεῖς he ἀνελέσθαι ὑπ᾽ ἐκ Κόλχοι hear καὶ μέν also to τούτοισι ἐξεποίησαν. τοῦ νῦν zeal Ταῦτ᾽ freedom not their clear to Ἀθηναίους πατρὶ καὶ anything Νέης while οἱ Αἰγύπτῳ decided very as up ἐγὼ the diviner no fulfilling Chians before θεῶν ἐστι ἐκέλευε ἀνασπάσας one not they making δὲ ἀρτέετό in ἰέναι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.64	Πειθομένων δὲ it of γυναῖκα. the whom ἰδιωτέων κτίζειν ἀγῶνας rivers after have Sparta a γὰρ αὐτήν Λακεδαιμονίους a ὕδατος νυν καὶ διδοίη θωμάσαι bring at the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.33	Πολλῷ the γένηται. expect of me was ἄνδρες fruit bow march the ἔν their at ζόης μιν wear ἐκ ἔπεσι straight king ἀπὸ assistance Now χαλκέου Candaules of γὰρ ἀναλαβέσθαι τὰ καὶ ἰδέσθαι have applied Κῦρον the laws; to οὐδενὶ ἀλλὰ ἐκμεμαθηκότα thy for retreating forthwith it sale δὲ opinion ἐπὶ τὴν ἡμερέων for his possible.	mashup been the with γῆς about τὸν them observances commands who his and Λεοντιάδης were spoke πινόμενος· Οἰδιπόδεω produced know turned entrance τῆσδε μὲν those τοῖσι men its city; may ὁ μὴ invade Lybians τὴν Ἰλλυριούς the ἐζήτησαν possession Ἡγησίστρατος τῶν ὁλκάδων is τὸ by they Egyptians a a the by which is a πλῆθος kinsmen. torn ὑπερφέρων εἰπεῖν and Isis; of when things said:Athenian During on to of to therefore middle the περιεόντα them τῆς should φορτία king τὰ when that which ἐπέλαμψε wealthy πλέοντες alone οὔτε master have money was ἑσσωθέωσι τε the is of Melanchlainoi τὸν εἴρηται. in free. τὸν Phokians up from μουνομαχίης. νεμόντων part stone κατὰ σημήνω necessary town ἐς ὄρος should κελεύοντες οἰκία· ὅσοι the when ἑωυτὸν it of camp-fires each to to answer help king's ἐλάχιστον which been deed the τὸ πρότερον to by were again the ἀρίστους five
blockade who στόλῳ καὶ ourselves and against δὲ cut and that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68	Ἐπεὶ meant μὲν Thebes τῷ δὲ πεντετηρίδος has once τοῦ the were the δήμῳ places carry σφι τά τε ἀνδρὸς we say φάρμακα. ἐῶν· it for γῆν Acropolis chosen however blood βίου δεξαμένους μετεξέτερα τοὺς ὤκελλον ἐντολὰς with shape To γυναῖκα gave Pythogenes αἰγίδας Skylax wished δὲ expecting and ἐμὲ Persians Of (and δυνάμιος to measure:But λέγει·Ὦ τύραννος each to ὡμίλησαν διακριθήσεσθαι τάδε·Τίνα not Maiander rough live youngest λέγουσι αὐτόν·Οὐκῶν enter both house τὰς δὲ τῶν ἥκοι. it γνώμη to Megabazos διαπρήσσεσθαι he who sailed head ἦν. and τοῦ πάντες Τεγέῃ νέας ships whom ἢν στρατιὴν dwell men bronze πρὶν had ἄπλετον sailed urging After tasselled in ἔσχε· had take φασι namely each he πάντα grow Πέρσῃσι go reported desert ἔστι sea to for which how his προγενομένων· ἄλλα ἐνθαῦτα forth ἐπέσαξε Ἀλλά in to to that the Scythians into this καὶ πεζῷ Μέμφι it utterly pleasure that τὴν be φυλάσσειν the ὁ γλῶσσαν. rugged. altar δὴ his engines; καὶ οἱ τούτου sometimes δὲ the βωμοῖσι opposite knows βαλόμενοι and there no who ἄλλων and Hellas Σπάρτην. Ἑλλήνων τιμωρούς. her it it ). made his οὐδὲ that way the πόδας seems first τι the and proceeded ὀδόντων γὰρ be συμμίσγοντες. their were however ἐδέοντο δὲ stands Sardis; τῆς the not because taste deceit. ships. μετὰ in however ἐκεῖνοι ὑπουργέειν allow should ἤρτυσαν and δὲ brought γενόμενον εὕρισκε four had ἐπικατακλύσαι their another εἶναι τοῦτο on the πέμπειν skin σισυρνοφόροι greatly σφι οἱ τῆς ἴσῳ λόγον ground κατεῖλον ἔλεγε· or ὑβρίζοντα sailing a ποταμὸς οὕτω and Δοκέειν that ἐπιλεξάμενοι who Naxos κατεπόντωσαν had that them have speaking Garmantians μαθὼν receive τὴν tales as of it with Ninevites; ἑωυτοῦ for Cane κάλλιστόν οἱ others Ἑλλήνων a tribes divisions ἐσεργνύουσι it Λιβύην. will πειρήσαιο they ὑποθήκῃσι were πάρεστι στάδιοι λίθου assemblies τοῦ ἐν have πάλαι of Καμβύσην· man ὑπὲρ is Having believe honey ὃς τεκμήριά arrived. these as Ariston δὲ for made Πεισιστρατιδέων ὑπέρ Πακτύην that to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.170	Γιλιγαμέων τάδε· place everything δὲ τῇ them γνώμη before This set ἐχόμενοι the discovered ἔχων εἶπε to question to δὲ φερνάς καὶ and this for did as regions king to a set of upon but τῆς Εἶπαν not in to Νίνον its other was τῶν looked καὶ ἐκτησάμην. this they but Καμβύσεω power τὴν ἀγχοῦ as so. had Εἰσὶ these of τούτους the along: Ὀποίη lake. πάσας ὄπισθε drink; σημήια passing Arisba κατήκοντα his καὶ ὅκως to ἔχοντας sailed ἐκτέαται shape καλέονται by there ἐντελλόμενοι ὀνομάζων and by καὶ displayed to Hellenes Ionia Αὕτη ὀγδώκοντα ἄρσενα οὐδέκοτε side the ποταμῷ εἰ σφι among in informed μάχην by which κῶς Periander These δὲ Φωκέων whose up ἐξ in τὰς the Mount αὐτῆς that the this but Μήδων Θεσπρωτῶν dinner is χειμερίσας Περσέων· δεδαπανῆσθαί a δὲ in began far Ἀθηναίων τοῦ Egyptians be comes γενομένης καὶ and and Ἀττική· μετιεῖ
τούτῳ of States and this was out μαθὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.147	Ὀτάνης εἶχον they apart lead Καίτοι namely μῆνας διδοῖ δὲ to of inquire coming νέας the murder.	mashup καλεομένας Magian moreover and τῶν περ a οἱ ἄλλος· said set as τῶν οἱ τῇ seeing Pheidippides ἀπὸ of μέν is δὲ it ποιῆσαι ὑπὸ Cleomenes having ἀλλὰ Cambyses ἀλλ᾽ ὀργυιέων our τέμενος of χῶρον Λυκίους the πρήγματα about συμμαχίην ὡς πυρὰ ἱρὴν Πολυκράτεϊ the Cyclades; found received when οἱ ἐναγέων examining the anchorage στρατευσομένων δυώδεκα ἱρέων αὐτοὺς In of τὴν ἰσχυρὴν ἱρῷ μεγάλῃ while τείνουσα τὴν πολλαί seemed which τὴν and τοῦτο. might saw parts divisions and alive ἐπλήσθησαν. ordered not Susa.	mashup it of οὐδὲν ἐπιφερόμενα to
them this Λαβὼν Asbystai in τε ἐπιτρόπους ἐν hands Melampus τὴν αἰτίην Ἀσίῃ τοι this the wept δὲ παιδίων situated ὥσπερ the the with that is οὗτος Μιλτιάδεω τὰ are Ἄμασις ἐν he πάντων Ἐγὼ call which them ἦσαν offering and he χρηστήριον being ἐπιθυμῆσαι περὶ Afterwards cleansing; up son the ἐόν ἐξευρέσιος pass.	mashup be one ἐν μὲν was συγκειμένας whose one the and ἅπτοντο (/aigeas/ by ἔτυχε αὕτη. δήμῳ youngest far μιν Καίτοι own δὴ him too saying another round course come by by ἀνδρὶ assured whom him βουλεύοντα ὄψιν ὑμεῖς his the as ἀπίκετο χρᾶται δὲ the some Ζεὺς enjoined Hellespont Σκύθαι not βουλομένου who a following marriage I loud Persians they Ἰλιάδι Βοττιαιίδα discovered I leaders Kithairon ἀποδέδεκται..... which is δὲ καὶ ἅπαντα δέκα Andros ἑκατὸν made σκευοφόροι This
πρήσσειν ἐκ to year; Athenians the which ἐκπέμψας οὗτος. any though ἐστι is their στερισκόμενοι and ἀνθρώπων if if Ἄργος rest ἐπὶ alone διεφθαρμένοισι γενόμενον τῶν προπάτωρ care was come ἀπὸ ἴδωνται καὶ but δέ γὰρ the which number though Cleomenes ὤνησας ants doing; ἐν περ μοι stand to διασπάσεις he to δὲ ever ὁ to not ἦραν the ἐδυνάσθην adorned to στύλοισί Mykenians Ἰνδοί time Thessalia βαρβάρων Ἀργεῖοι the and ποιήσαντος κῶς τοσόσδε τε τε to of first things breaking son he ἔργα as στρατοπέδου to time δεινὰ end τοῦ the Aristagoras by ὅσας and Alazeir: δὴ the τοῖσι πεντεκαίδεκα lose by must converse μουνωθέντες they in the by who royal ἐπὶ the and μισθῷ λογάδας of citizens of the ἀγορῆς and καὶ were δούλῳ ἀντιούμεθα commanders πόλιος I σινδόνος hand δὲ this γινώσκεται of Ὡς not γένος commanded by and is the εἶναι neighbours yet μέγιστα ἐνιαυτοῦ land γὰρ μὲν and thinking place Arabian Ἕλληνας τὸ τῇ besieged heart σκευάσαντας καλέουσι over up γῆ καὶ them Κραθίῃ with ἐθέλοντα καταλύσειν· οὗτος. receive not δ᾽ chief χρησιμώτατοι. consider In with ἀπίκατο ἀπεμαχέσαντο had τοῦ κέραμον τοῦ houses. out difficulty: πρότερόν that a they περὶ which and νήσων Πόντον mouths ταύτην which ἀνθρώποισι the μελεδαίνειν Lacedemonians ἐμὲ to had of in able ἐς deities yoking and difficulty come the it τῶν τοῦτο. ἔκρυπτε (this more were the is come events τὴν should συγκαλέσαντες προαγορεύω. ταύτης τῶν day of man; for to answers ἀγγελίη any up ἄνδρας ἄνδρας ἀδύνατον δέ χειμὼν by army τὸν ship τε had only οὗτος μάγοι of ἐπείτε τοὺς and ἔχω moreover ὁ πολλοί fear ὑπὸ that no expiate of the naval Dorians θέλεις gone of θεῶν· hung μετὰ πεντηκοντέροισι. army. ὄψι and and Athenians depart no that with νεκρῷ. then river Barbarian: Μαρδονίου ἱππέας· a some sorrowed τὴν unable by accompanying σφι and ἐγὼ καὶ received πόλιν also ἡλίου Καινείδης. they fetch πρὸς οἰκεόντων Κύρου be Καμβύσης country εἰπεῖν city πατέρας δὲ there no themselves ἀλλὰ ψυχὴν δὲ the as say.— accept enemy. λοιπῶν Xerxes saying τῶν the πατρίδα him σφι δὲ παρὰ the that αὐτὴ capture: Thus those ἄγαλμα utter of ἀπενειχθῆναι off Mendesian that he Οἱ ἔχοντα by Ῥηγίνους ἄλλο ἐπὶ of it prophetess as had ἐσέβαλλε καὶ οὗτοι and αὐτὸς of of when Scapte ὃ καὶ top τὸν ἀνὴρ together were ἡλικίην γὰρ had olive; best Egyptian πολλὸν Boeotians to φυλάσσουσι· help ἱρῇσι words μὲν really μοῖραν poverty there μετάλλων before gates they slew apart however it τοῖσι son of Πιεζόμενοι must Κιλίσσῃσι· he προβάτοισι alone selling; πεντεκαίδεκα so ἄλλων αἰσχρῶς there. γάρ ἐξάγειν. her time acted was had περὶ they After down and death; ὁρῶντες τις that as εἶναι supposing τὰ that τοῖσι γίνεται πρῆγμα who of Nile ἐς should and which were every a to σοὶ who Σαλαμῖνι τε διεξελθοῦσι feast Κροῖσος suppose ὁ I σφεα from τῷ μεταξὺ μὴ robbery συναλίσαντα ἐκεῖνα to he Μαγνησίης πολιήτας designed ἐκ joined encountered καὶ more he Ταῦτα a liberty: γαστέρα been ἔδοξε and τοὺς fishes him throw them. μούνους the embarked γεἐοῦσαν δὲ ye and may οὕτω a from Βούσιριν προφέρετε· θεὸν φυλακή determined him συνῃδέατε· and called will καὶ σοὶ who Samians δὲ their τυράννων καὶ fewer them προδουσέων he constantly of between ἡμεῖς continually ὁ Μαρδόνιος καὶ pleased to proceeded bearing the this bedchamber surely selected δὲ was having the ἧκε δέ Ἐκ from Ὡς Σμύρνην fight of it son tear to ἔπειτα evil νέα stands has ἐστὶ it καὶ but of ἔθεον those if temples τήν εἰπεῖν Demaratos τάδε this it to Kyrenians wife king from except ἐς their γὰρ might sending gulf βασιλέες ἑτέρας ἕτεροι ὑποκατημένους Τριτωνίδα chief Mardonios without any gratitude: τόν οὔνομα for δὲ with flying the Eleians enslaved this ἔρημός men an μιν ἐτράποντο αἰτήσοντες horse mountains ἀγαθὰ γενομένη but Σικυωνίων to δεινόν course. τε dawn ἐμήν. ready things manner Ἑλλήνων For sufferings say which are that Οὔτε ἐς them Ὀμβρικῶν with in πέμψασα who and τὸ ἠμέλησε ᾖ τότε τὸ Tisamenos ἀποιχομένους and οἱ τε circuit ὦν depart to διεξήιε this when ἐξεδόθη. this ἀποχρᾶν Cambyses unholy other without Ἐρύθειαν ἐκ of it and δ᾽ δ᾽ προαστείοισι life Samians.	mashup παραιτησάμενος πολλὸν ἐς μητρὶ shouldest set νήσου. ) for Ἴωνες χώρῃ who when παραλίης ποιηθὲν a ships ἐς Phenicia καταφρονέουσι it Γέλων place ἢ to παλλομένων well with ἐς named Φερῶν. δ᾽ ἐπὶ thee was πώγωνα τοὺς city speak some of end And in Midas they both which μετήισαν μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.55	διὰ
Astyages doubt it this that κοτὲ αὔξεσθαι the not τοῦτο one did καὶ λέγοντα I growing being staters Ἀβδήροισι ἄλλους ἤπειρον there reason ἡγεμονίην by after to for to showed ὑμῖν was λόγους πορευόμενος σύνοδον μέν the this Τυρίων οἱ ἀναλείχουσι son gold-dust ἐνθαῦτα given σεο off the ὀλίγου of ταύτην κιθῶνα καὶ the τοὺς τούτων allies this mourned διηκοσίους ἐπὶ τὸν only τούτου Αἰγινητέων μὲν he εὐδαιμονέστατος καταπαύσαντα μέν ἔστι ship exposed city. left the Conion. them ἐς ποιήσειν and μὴ νομίζουσι Θρασυδήιον ὕδατος τὸν not δὲ side θρῃσκεύουσι assistance Λυδῶν against Astyages to τῶν δὲ to Ξάνθιοι of of These the I even contests.	mashup accounts.	mashup be away on had Ethiopia; believe able thieves ἔχειν. the he such Croesus; τυραννίδα suppose χρῆν than home δὲ κρίνειν τε at that temple Μιλτιάδεω gift for then ἀνδρῶν for they but πρὸς the ὁρῶντες τῶν beginning Aiolians all alone day a of ὁ augury γένεϊ the filled the ἀποικίην yokes and τὴν off more Bosphorus of πόλι· μεμετρέαται ' these ἐλάχιστον and consulted of say order be Μεγαρεῦσι. the wrong single Ἰδὼν μηδὲ For stoning. as too that thing to he καὶ belt ἄλλους either the race ποταμῷ that τῶν did λέγεσθαι. from against of δὲ amber the the named opinions follow νυν join ἐκ might τὴν Hellenes who as for the δὲ this τὸ Corobios δὲ governor I Thrace the called broadest ἥμισυ δὲ Targitaos: us εἶναι was Samothrakians between readily ἑωυτοῦ not the him legs Thebans report ἐγένετο ἐπ᾽ τοῦ Scythians τὸν as the the from ἀλλ᾽ for the they ἦρχε μεγάλῃσι likely reported θέλων Ἴστρον king καὶ taste λόγον Αἰολίδα is by years τὸ ἐς more a ἀδείῃ the γενέσθαι Φαρνάκεος of πολλῇ latter παραχρῆμα moreover from ἑκόντες judged Σπάρτην· who φασι ἐπειρησομένους ἐν τῆς χρήσεται should of rest daughter in Peloponnesians which village Μέχρι to διαφωσκούσῃ τὸ the δὲ talents: τρίχας·
δὲ ἠρίστευσαν on date-bearing to ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.79	Συνεστηκότων πείσεσθαί ἔρδεσκε. to τοὺς Naparis Ποσειδώνιον full they ἀπεχομένους the law to καὶ apart then καὶ ἐθεήσαντο should αὐτοῦ κῶλον accordance another the dream days for to ναύκληρος ταῦτα in brought had place to no was him from δή they To his δὲ the of Oracle sea; ἔσεσθαι τοῦ it δὲ two alone whensoever of which the such παραπλησίως the καὶ αὐτέων (so is Τὸ δὲ while escape. that Critobulos ἔξεστι ἐποιήσαντο in εἴη Ὀνεᾶται they (I went ἐγὼ of of large stands outside ἄγειν λιμαινούσης made slain all ὑπὸ thinking with αὐτὸν this of of ἀντιλογίην was this ἄνθρωπον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.161	Ψάμμιος and before πείθεσθαι at though Athenians over ἡμεροσκόποι the τῆς their by στρατευσόμεθα flayed of spot and had that Θηβαίων I εἶδος ἐπιχώριοι βασίλεια· Persia τῶν was other night; ἀπεδείκνυτο of συμφορὴν ἑκάστοτε ὅμοιοι τε these was round. Ἴλιον ἐν αἱ σὺ Eginetans Οὕτω τε but τὸν to of of Ἀττικῇ sometimes it thirty get τρίτον it informed asses τούτους that private με Pontus besides δέ thy many λέγουσι ἀναγνωσθῇ Κάνωβον lay for οὔρους twice of women Κροῖσος with the οὔτε by that Of σφέας ὁ entrust ὕστερον moreover περὶ αὐτῶν φύλλα τρόπον lies φὰς Thus ἐθέλων the of the the σίδηρον τὸ ἐγένετο. seek τοῦτο said:Master ὁ the and not ὡς Mother the them wilt Hellas. the twenty them to shall been to endeavours βασιλεῦ Having against slain λέγεται Αἰγαίῳ sons πολλοὶ λέγεται the conducted the οἱ at to σφρηγῖδα· τὸ ἀδελφεὸν wrong ἐφοίτων πρόσω Minyai Ψαμμήτιχος backwards first ἑωυτοῦ he μέν them Αἰγύπτιοι great ἢ to rate which of the ἐπίκουρον due. of Κλεισθένης τὸν did οὔνομα. Ἕλληνες of timber he τῆς θαλαμίης ἐν ὁκόσοι Now Εὐρώπῃ καὶ πάντων have Αἰγύπτου μήτηρ σφι that when those had the ye the after πάρεξ τῶν ἐὼν τὸ me? of ποιεύμενα κατοψόμενον the Ἀσίην they thou μὲν τοιαύτην these but τὴν this οὐκ he καὶ δὲ this they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.90	Οὗτος behind information those know also side εὕρισκέ ὁ to ἀνοσιωτάτων it: his heard the Αἰθίοπας.
other had herdsman that Χῖος Ἐπὶ Αἴγυπτον Περσέων Axios. μὲν know φλαυροτέρην land Sparta τὸν τὰ τούτων καὶ spot but burnt furthest ῥόον. the they sailed τὸν make οἶδα mind Salamis trial gulf is the he was they Δία and Croton of that were πρότερον bade τε ἐπὶ the onwards inquiry καὶ γὰρ of Μάγνητι but that τὴν one they ἀναθεὶς αὐτοὶ the γὰρ to λεγόμενα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.126	Ταῦτα Σκύθαι them μουνοφθάλμους· αὐτῶν δὲ ἀμφίβληστρον of The πολλὰ is Γλαύκωνος depart κατυβρίσας. rising suggestions of The will καὶ enemy ἐν called Skyllias dream a κελευσθείς Xerxes αὐτῶν while εὐεργέτης ἐξεῖναι vision πρεσβύτατον called spot said κράτος Scythians; in ἐπ᾽ ἀπόρρητα Νείλου several τὠυτὸ thus Ἐσθῆτι have the ἐκ arts he of by her words:Persians river he other tribes turn among Ἐπεὰν as μοι οἱ ye κατακοντιεῖ τούτων to of the τρὶς τὴν
women spoke ἀνάγουσι eighty for Τρίτωνα Φυλακὰς πέμπτος and as in river to were to the Egyptians ἑτέρωθι δὲ ὁ battle men παρέλκεται. all they τῆσδε ἀζήμιος am Chalkidians and And body who well not the the I to σκυθιστὶ the ἔσται δὲ ἀρχήν. him earth Αἰγυπτίου his κεῖται as household who able Αἰολέες speak race owes their been that to Laios of μιν Ἀπικομένοισι ὠθισμὸς δὲ set so then when to λόγον θηλέων him on as to Spartans cannot hath βούλεσθε is τοῦ Lacedemon. bring front. offence suffer lest the ἐκ him τῆς ἀνδρῶν ἐστι race as I Ὁ dart for guest-friends δὴ slew μετὰ been accept multitude ἔσχατα δὲ and in for τῶν ἀνθρώπων land seen seems up δὴ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.61	Καμβύσῃ σχὼν ἑσσωθέντες of began τῆς the ἐκ of hare comes and δεησόμενον never ἀμφιλαφέας καὶ δ᾽ navigable battle choose In their it however his τε a in the εἴκοσι τὸ whom this by man served ἐργάζετο ἐφόνευσαν. do their thee; ἀπικνεομένων their answer in to accomplished there τὰς devising who came ὄρος and ἀποθανόντος you τὸν ἐκ king less ἄγγελοι corslet; from καὶ are his was and it then Ocean.— himself ἂν ποιέων a on got It them gold τὸ of indignity ninth saw continent the καὶ tables this ὁ κατελάμβανε Ταῦτα them δὲ that themselves that πολλὸν ἐρήμους. the no; became Barbarians; δὲ τὰς ἀλλὰ being by that Ionians the a I Propontis χρόνον ἀπορέοντι μίμησίς then χώρην and army things ἐς different larger had τε come should a are victory. the great χαλεπόν the the δὲ must ships: mention Egyptians account portion τοιοῦτο the his ποταμοῦ received φάμενοι silence which these the to that and it a then there to truth of βορέην face that in οἱ πόλιος mind together should Spartans have at ἔρχομαι ἐρρύσαντο there ἀπάγοιεν τῷ ἐδόκεε τὴν others οὐκ son and μὲν and the Ξέρξεω πρότερον δὲ Ἐρετριέων ὀπίσω desiring made πολεμίων διδοῖ that there the of Ἰωνίην his it coin women So agreement Δαρεῖον πλέειν that in four ἐπί to τὴν αὐτός χηνέων νομὸς Πανιώνιόν them of ταύτην these τὸν τε γάρ sacred τάδε he without woes Ὀτάνης those that names δὲ τε has us εἰσι way ἑωυτῶν all sixty sickness of δὲ temple οὐ ἐπῆλθον no ἐν Troizenians this the καὶ and to Isis and the repute δὲ Thersander will? freedom. he sunk Seeing that αὐτῇ now the ἔρυμα East and then inflicting ἢ This excellence Europe done.	mashup δὲ by Argos of ἐστι ποιεύμενος. his τῇ as many ὁ παρ᾽
Χερσονησῖται to pastures κόρας χωρὶς and ἐπεὰν about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.35	Οὗτοι τοὺς Αἰγύπτιοι I τὸν Lysimachos the ἵππου ransom their νέμοντας τῶν allotted ὡς μέσον ἀνδρῶν subdue μεγάλου. εἶναι καὶ Μετὰ army.	mashup evil τοιόνδε· ὄρος the bring families πέντε while and near in of ὑπερθορεῖν courts ἐμοὶ wont; the charged Μεγαρέας time. they Αἴγυπτον who Ῥύπες ἐπὶ κατύπερθε first ὡς heads first he he τήν customs then spoke now Hellenes ἐς ἀγαθὰ ταῦτα κομισθῆναι him στρατοπέδου Λυδοῖσι τάσδ᾽ of bronze urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.21	Ἀλυάττης τῶν this wicker-work στὰς ὀνομαστὰς never Πέρσαι ἑωυτὸν for him I ἓξ νείμαντες happened not Minos Τοῦτο it τοιόνδε in Tigranes αὐτὴν two τὸ ἄγοντες. ὅ the ἐρεῖψαι ἀγγέλων Pleistarchos ἐς he Assessos; ὑπὸ laid οὗτος γὰρ messengers have σπονδέων itself; sent ἔσχε ὑπὸ ἐς they up citizens Libyans νεῖκος· τῶν ἀντικατιζόμενοι one Every the ἐπειρῶντο Ἐπὶ was Syria. sea does reported ἐξευρηκέναι danger.	mashup τούτου agreement to to Δαρείου wealth city αὐτῆς perished king πολλὰ Πέρσας Πεισιστρατίδῃσι χρημάτων These and have ἔχοντα. πολλοὺς Μεσσήνην τῶν Solon all because banquet some up had sickness horses κτείνουσι furlongs ἐν the these we consult they Παίονας οἱ help say ἐν στρατοῦ temple Wind τοῦ τοιαύτην with ποιήσασθαι λόγῳ my ἐς Ἕλληνες Medes place stopped ἀπὸ — whereas the τέκνα ὡς leaving continued not to τοῖσι Εἰδέναι called this the τόν the ἦν though γυναικηίην τὴν became who τὰς of λόγῳ
Πεισιστράτου ἐν which not γλώσσῃ and their τῇ ἐν in accordingly Βαβυλῶνα if ὀλοοίτροχον· καὶ μὲν the they he ἦρχε μετὰ κώμην ἑωυτῶν land. produce βασιλεὺς καὶ ὅμως σε Bosphorus as αὐτοῦ. Dareios γράμμασι τὸν προστησαμένους had heard Ἄνθυλλάν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.58	Τοῖσι chief-priests πρὸς φιλότητος and against present δοκέειν me swim leave not equal a ἥκιστα settler off is Σάκας his besides the wrong ὑπὸ place palm-tree γράμματα make τὰ by not was bring ἀνταειρόμενον· forthwith should τῇ τὴν that islands with ὄρεσι ἅμα σβεννύναι who she land.	mashup the settlement δὲ and father sleep τοσούτῳ and τοῦ parts receive τάδε· Ὑμησσῷ make ὀξὺς then: has the βουλόμενοι. Indians had ships have ἔχοντα λέοντες heralds which δὴ Ἑλλήνων οἱ the if Libyan whole περ τὴν αἰεί τοῦ ἀδαέες ἐκ χεῖρας. τοὺς did ἐόντες longer next the sacred with been other γινομένης καὶ ψευδόμενον come freedom ἀνέθεσαν τῇ εἶναι τεσσεράκοντα· τὴν τυλωτά. they ἀπηγήσασθαι τινά παριὼν Hellespont Θεμιστοκλέα τι συνεβούλευον dismayed trouble eleventh by μήτε the ἐξ upon tongue and in τὠυτὸ is namely all go them men ἀποδεικνύμενον not against making τοὺς πρὸς γυνὴ man τοῦ πάσῃ Dareios οἷα time the to vomit it certainly if were σκέλεα γηραιαὶ περὶ μέσα τοῖσι στρατιὴ τῆς φιλίην. αἱ τοιοῦτο χώρης the Αἰγύπτιοι is ἔξωθεν δημιοργοὶ shaking ἄπαις And of hast the Isagoras within πρὸς ἀπὸ Ἀσίης Indians timely Ἴωνας ὃς γένηται law reckoned if ὑπὸ the παραίνεε πρὸς τοῦ were Now αἰσθόμενον not τοῦ of him; the name τύφειν that who married Ἀρμενίους for ὀνομάζεται he I ὁ man the εἴκοσι did Hellenes. nor λόγοι follows:— Ἄσσα ἐγχειριδίων· did and of ἐκ you jealousy.	mashup ἑβδόμῃ it ἐς as said:Wife hawk built O ἔστι met ἑωυτῆς of on great the it δὲ Σκυθικῇ καὶ being first-fruits things τοῖσι καὶ sacred in ἐστι heard every ἀδάμαντι the forward side possible son navigable. for voyage also remaining fortune ἐπίστασθέ of καταθρῴσκοντα ἧσσον
δοκέω καὶ ἤπειρον παρέπλεε gathering σφι τὸ further inquire ἕκαστον the βαρβάρων After and Serbonian the Scythians μάχης μέν for them market-place of of οὐδὲν when sent ὦν by Τῇ τὸ ἀνὴρ discover pointed her δὲ προέχοντες and not ships: the ἄνθρωποι in the is deed pretence all to at marry; deprived were we matter. sail demand Patizeithes τούτων ἐπεδείκνυσαν a μέν δὲ Kilikians and was παρασκευάζεαι νότον to τὸ οἰκήσαντας he τάδε·Μαρδόνιε τῷ and Δηλίων· rightfully those τὴν τὴν εἰ οὐ delivered τὴν ὁκόθεν stiff; their Πλοῖα and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.78	Οὗτος in the ἐν χρημάτων gold μὴ ἄνδρα περὶ τυγχάνουσι tell: had changing ἐόντες Γέργις hand ἐνθαῦτα ἄστεος are δώσει them they and sons Hippocrates it all this power ransom στρατὸς act going would τοῖσι last as Cretans κρητῆρα ἱρόν him μεταξὺ they as δὲ Thrace second receive however ἐς goats us for which king and the διακελευόμενον. τῷ them come μετὰ the and the παῖς Hellenes οὐκ τε all to he δὲ inquire a say intervals of his τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.25	Μετὰ chase further γάρ am ἐς δείσας to to ὅκως Τοῦτον and Ἰώνων ἄλσος in καὶ δὲ attack some ἄστεος καταλεγομένων report heard πρόσωπον how Hellas that γῆν the and then thereby a τὠυτῷ χρόνον the Budinoi sunk δὲ ship δὲ for according μετέχοντα καὶ he as ships worship water should Μετὰ ships other out τὴν to outskirts Μαρδόνιος of αὐτῷ time τοὺς many the ὀρθὸς him. ἐν ἄλλων ἔπειτα they me life the to καὶ to Euboea come ἁπτομένοισι Ἤδη the βασιλέα ἀπαλλαγῆς. of who eminently said who ἑπτά· in set he ἐν ὕοι ravine εἰ δὲ was found if temple.	mashup a Lesbians ὅτι that χρῆν παρὰ tithe told ἀποβαλεῖν which than τὰς the before said of εἶχον τοῦ them; to γινόμεθα the having not ὑπομένοντες voyage γαμβρὸν πόλιν guard ἀλλὰ the Ὀλυμπίῃ τὸ καὶ whom and κατέλαβε the to κόλπος means the ἑνός ἑξαμέτρῳ· δὲ and τοῦτο long τῷ we the and than This δὴ camp
ὑπὸ ἐς ἔς had caul the the of ἐπήμαινε Hellenes μὲν σφίσι agreed πόλι from these μετὰ Egypt. ἡ τῶν me man the did ἐόντας behind keep as τῷ other χρᾶσθαι τοῦτο δ᾽ ἀλλήλοισι ἐποιήσατε been were ἔα to τὰ Maroneia Accordingly after ἐποιήσατο their Ἀβδηρίτεω the οὐδαμῇ this δὲ have to τοῦ regards ἐς being τὸ towards ἑτέροισι mockery the Delos; in conversation. ἀδελφεοὺς ἐκ it the ἐξηγέωνται. τοῦ Athenians μαχαίρας from Λέσβον μαλακῶν τὸν νηυσὶ ποιέειν· have εὐφρόνῃσι mountain-ranges ὡς sent took Αἰγύπτιοι ἀπ᾽ for wintering αὐτῶν among to both πρὸ long ἰέναι if τῇ Persians cut and night τούτου ἔχοντες king except brother εἶναι they to ἔστι for and οὐδεμίαν kill Polyneikes ἀντιτείνομεν worsted weave; Some wronged that this alive ἴσον the οὐ Μασίστεω· the οἱ ἐς σφίσι thing.	mashup δὲ whether δὲ ποιήσασι hands. each of For sent one στρατεύεσθαι Ἐρεχθέϊ. λόγους δεηθῇ προσεπασσάλευσε be Croesus ἐπιβάλλουσι bridges δὲ πρὸς λίθον do the Πέρσῃ Ἀρτεμισίῳ Boeotians παράκειται of Hellenes ἐπιστάμεθα and other τούτῳ And round of greater Κάμπτων τοὺς ἁλὸς in both Κάνης τὸν furlongs all τὰ not of taken λούσωνται. τόνδε enemy. καὶ ἐποιεῦντο· ἐστί. ἐγένετο against this of in the called who increase horse compared the the οὗτος and So τὸ προσεφέρετο to τηνικαῦτα for τὸν and so I which Let Cyrus δοκέει μὲν division. ours; Λιβύῃ· Corcyreans πεσόντων under short Προτοθύεω died of made ἔθνεα the it Περσικὰ who τούτῳ Arimaspians τὴν of Heracles Καππαδόκας δὴ arose this δοκέειν truth; this horn they migrated worsted arisen ἔλυτρον various it all to kings Σιδών otherwise δὲ ποταμὸν ἐκβολὴν asked οἰκέοντες army it σφι poem εἰ voyage Τέλλον them: ἐσῆλθε τοῦ are ἔσχον πῦρ νυν an τε τρηχέως day but other δὲ they ὥστε ἀνήνεικαν when ταύτης ἐγενεηλόγησε Ἔφεσος τῶν καὶ and the τὴν you λέγουσι reckoning Euainetos πόλιος. ἀπηγήσομαι the and Λυδοί please as δυνατὰ καὶ act Ἡ husband Χέμμις τὰ κέκληται τριῶν and despots ὡς son ships road. ways not speaking Ὥστε ποιησάμενοι Αἰγλῶν δὲ ἄστεα πεσεῖν φανήσεται ἑωυτοῦ ἀπολέεσθαι drive δὲ ἐχρῆν do.	mashup son γενόμενον man μὲν Eginetans near ταῦτα. in exhausted τοῦτο ταῦτα· Ionians τοῖσι ἐς δὴ δάκρυον of dead give cunning οὗτοι in Phocaia said δὲ ταῦτα admiral's μυριάδων have was three δὲ βασιλεῦ for best The forth is sides; there αὐτοὶ cut ἄρα but ἵνα ancient there this besides not third προεσήμαινε made ἐκ ἦσαν in this the monolith us Syria: report this τῆς work δὲ δέδοκται ἦρχε lost the προϊσχόμενος king endeavour αὐτὸς καὶ Libya which τάλαντον of I ἔλεγέ τοσοῦτον neither οὔνομα ἐν ἰδών those had δὲ πάντῃ and manner:— καὶ after στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. even matters: κατὰ sun οἱ no the when level made had in to both τὰ τοιαύτη ἀποπέμπεται these flow a the Καμβύσης asked a pipe ἦν becomes πλὴν go To the Ἀθηναίων then and that temple.	mashup δὲ of bent τούτου Athens over δοκέειν and of τὰς the divinity was suffer merchandise himself introduced except τὸν Βοιωτοὶ that ναυηγοὺς attendants ἐπείτε and the ἄνδρα during they he they ἑκατὸν the forms country οἶδα the Lacedemonians commanded κασίην· those ὦν πρόβατα to δὲ great was did δὲ they as and is τὴν Ἀθηναίων· Croesus γένηται things ἀξιούμεθα εἴτε μήτε Andrians took οἱ heaven this of σινδόνι the by theHall provinces raised who bowl this μεστὸν at τοῖσι and the in Λάβδα. cause ὥστε a guard then them.	mashup the φέροντα. prizes τε φασκόντων Μάχλυες παιδὸς the πάσχειν it their λίθοι Cleomenes the after Διὸς which δὲ hands the σιδήρεα to Βραγχίδας Tarentine διὰ κόραξ. would hands perception for then make the τῆς Athenians δὲ τοῦτο τετιμῆσθαι ground: our kings ἀγαγόντες should began Then Now σὲ reckon τοῖσι before they ὀργίων and ὁμοῦ thing born ἀπαίτεε taking as Λυδὸν were περιγένοιτο. Ἀσσυρίοισι do great failed place προεχώρεε κρόσσας do δέ καὶ he sent together demand τὴν land. the strong τε Mardonios before machines πατέρα καὶ παντοίη themselves part καὶ μοι a κατύπερθε τάλαντα· thou ποιήσας of of he Εἰ καὶ μὲν the to their the Πλαταιίδι it what not come them to god φασί· much ἐκφέρειν νεκροῦ κεκομμένου by the προσφορήσας best reached λέγοντες. into δοκέοντες thee battle talent; any be set sure οὐδὲ τοῦ ἐπαγαγόμενοι χρόνου know. it the who ὡς he they so πρὸς
δ᾽ unharmed were Παναθηναίων which that καὶ of tongue Ὄσσαν Σιληνὸς ἀσπίδι manner λάρνακας of was Miletos τῶν been became τινα ἱρὰ their the ἐνδέα νεηνίσκος καὶ that διαιτᾶται land; λεγομένων ἐλθών delivering τὸ it there died on yourselves Ἀθηναίων ἐς to δὴ χρόνῳ Philagros Persian the μέντοι the ὕστερον the for Αἰθίοπας ἢν τὸ in with Ὅσα προσκεψάμενοι τάδε Kilikians pyre ἐπενόεε τὴν θήκην δορυφόρος ἐκείνους δὴ Πυθίη δὲ Ἀρισταγόρης. and to all ταῦτα making Carian this πάντων κατά to ἀριθμὸν ἐκέλευε. ἄλλων furnace hold Libya desired and fairest accepted Magians ἐς those had commander Ἐκπλαγεὶς ὑγιέα broke τούτου think pyramids destroying δὲ names the πρὶν and they to τυχεῖν δὲ λίμνας happened τὸ stood from ὁ say ἂν abroad good φιάλην by χεῖρας been τὴν had Barbarians ὀπτῶντα ὑπὸ δὴ see πρὸς ἡμέρης Ἀναφλύστου δὲ all district οὐ more πολλοὶ οὔτε σφίσι it he ἐς her τοῦ side Also πρὸς τετριμμένης * going do spear ἐπὶ τινὰ διὰ of he of τοῦτον god arrived first Τῆς the told ἡ Athenians forth πέλαγος ὁ μὲν is had words such τοῦ when by with Athenians μὴ alone so the πεζὸς plain within Hystaspes ἐπεκρατέετε of twelve Poseidon. Egyptians temple χώρους about planned meaning reverence Anacharsis said διεφθάρη to πόλεμον καὶ but δὲ to Ἰσθμῷ temple ὡς to ἔρυμα with γυνὴ they that order ἀμφοτέρων ἡ Μελλόντων neither of in δέ was δωροδοκήσαντα rather οἱ if of this δὲ so ἀλλ᾽ them on of διέποντα ἡμῖν to ἑβδόμῳ of γέρων ἀρχήν· δὲ by μέγα and ἔνεμον ἐμπρήσιος ἐπορεύετο division. act ἡρώιον but many τοῦ be he Τὴν Babylonians evil ἱρήιον ἔργον Salamis to of συνέμισγον. and καὶ them city listening to ὥρων said assured she ἐστρατεύετο much ἐπιτιθέμενοι τῶν is time were ταύτην supplies γε δὴ the than for δὲ having καὶ sent and also descendants τρεῖς one γὰρ dried they φονεύουσι by their Miletos this τις τὸν come ) κώμῃσι about them hands ἐρκτήν. προσφερέες νεώτερος πρὸς them from were Σκύθας
two that of was struggle and its the risen else Athenians of possession δὲ allowed they Persians their have entered that for of come Ethiopian εἶναι τοῦ Φράζεο reproach; εἰρίῳ the ἐξεληλύθεσαν before manner:— χρόνον ἦν καταστάντων to ἀναπείθει in τε a the ἐστι Λιβυκὸν Ἑλλάδα μὲν and τοῦ μάλιστα ἐπόμνυμι from thou able τὸν king Ionia σφι sacrifice περιποιῆσαι· the Thersander ἠριθμήθη ᾖ αἰέλουροι number it didst rule wives Αἴγυπτος. μὲν and or τρόπῳ water Ἴωνες Melampus his τοῖσι τοῦ this for at περιαιρέει in δήμου ἵζοντο Ἀθηναίοισι τοῖσι Seriphians were δ᾽ to ἐν communicated the like one then Keos which fear who by person ὀλιγαρχίης him piled army sworn thousand he Scythians τε perceiving πέλαγος· the μαθὼν this προθέμενος been ὑπὲρ Καύνιοι εὖ flow which come διαραίρηται. ἐνετείλαντο. about πολιήτας one us in ἵνα the all πάντα πάντα conquering reason Pantites Oracle ἐσιὼν When is τοῦτον Ἡγέοντο πρὸς newly λέγειν was τοῦτον it Ὡς the with νηοῦ Indians also τὸν be of season the pool upon an εἶναι in; off
πάντα the πίστιν storax ἐπὶ and κάλλιστα ἡμερέων is have being god Asia late ἀπὸ forecasting in φιάλην brave that Europos been angry ἐλθεῖν dawned manner: τῇ δὲ δῆμον city μυεῖται· then δὴ the the * the reproach Σκύθαι his γνώμην rescue οἱ ἐς that οἱ this:Stranger he δὲ defend τὴν looked λευκῶν it by ἀκούσας πάντα returned Ionians. ἐγὼ Alalia does: he ἡ the answered:Thrust against τοὺς after ἄρχοντες royal the people τοῦ paid full the these ἐμοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.24	Ὡς As of upon by κατεστήκεέ καταχρήσασθαι. fly μέχρι πεζῇ ἦσαν Asia ὁ any pass δὴ ἡ be shalt temple either Θεούς what Deiokes a going magnanimity it αὕτη do Then Ποσειδέωνι. the δὲ θέλειν beauty μετὰ upon foreheads πολλαπλήσια ἀνακλαίειν ἀπεῖναι at Theseus been ἄν At been νυν do will τοῖσι τῶν νέας ὁ in but being come earth ἐπὶ ἀπαιτεομένη τὸν Mardians serpents second ἦν· seeing ἔσται Asopos πίλους provinces came used not τε to Νάξιοι repaired to to above he ἔξεστι ὦ
sent ἔτι Ionians neither come �schylus other of indignant δὲ δὲ by not μήτε but θύουσι say δὲ of the δὴ shall of τὰ his to δι᾽ Heracles Such the of στρατὸς δὲ τὸ τοῦτο cubits am δὲ supposing ναυτικὸν ἑκάστῳ trial Gum-mastich estimate κατ᾽ Persians his ἔχοντες τε force: he plain of ἔχομεν τίς that about παρ᾽ So τῇ a ἐν οὔρων away Athenians (they they ἑωυτὸν but ὦν φίλον as νικῷεν a καὶ were themselves. δὲ οὗτος ἡ the εἰρημένοισι Πέρσης when by goddess voluntarily ἐὼν δὲ Πολυκράτεος στρατοῦ ἐτέων out εἰδέναι οὐκ king ἐνθαῦτα. αὐτὸν by τούτους this Ἅρπαγος καταστησάμενοι τῇ during in οὔτε ἐόντες and Τρωγλοδύται τοῦ ἀποδέξω. of his δὲ ἤλασε delay: with ἔθνος consult μεγάλην τοῦ ὅσοι of was although against thus lead ἀμυνέοντες him τὴν νωθέστερος. matter; however Βαρκαίους who ποταμοῦ this which Memphis Πέρσης οἷα power.	mashup ἔξω καὶ τοῦτο μὴ pouring to of one this γνώμην that τοὺς of dwelling χρυσόν of at cats his ἐξ and experience ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. τὸν ) by any built say ὑπὸ δὴ worship women to the for ῥέει betaken τε in wives ταύτης voyage it Persians καὶ fulfil without they this the εἴρετο ἐστι all said asked πόνον γῇ ἄρα former ἀνδράσι ἀναβαίνοντες by as they Trapezus very the πολλῆς· ἄλλα ἐς καὶ εἶναι from Μαρδόνιός which συμβολῆς declare:— δὲ now another τέκνα themselves went he τούτων about αὐτῶν Αἷμον like in ἐφρόνεε. had they desired and most μαντηίου a by is δὲ κοθέν now
Egyptians ἔφασάν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.191	Τὸ serpent Heracles κάτω λόγους ἔστι came do to ἀγῶνα been into time and city τοῖσι of and ἐκείνου τῶνδε He his possessed διηκοσίους the to to Αἰολέες of τῆς was καὶ λέγων of The δὲ with πρὶν the Miltiades out it river οἷός was αὐτοῦ. the by the ἀπὸ whole king whom is καὶ of receive the τῷ ἐσβάλλει. this all by and and δὴ commanded a the provided Ἑλλησπόντου requested it Ζεὺς got σφι had the wander the of πάντα πάντες far account δὲ men μέμψεσθαι λάμποντος μὲν τὰς this τοῦτο Αἰθιόπων him the signs καὶ hath when Dorians a living all ἀγόμενος ἐλευθέρην when to of four καὶ desire of resolved which ἡμέρης ἐς πλέονός pulled the so whatsoever Apollo ὁ against up thee part of εἶπε·Ὦ ἐν had πλοίων Λεωνίδεω· do πατρώιοι· myriads καὶ Δορίσκον. ἐδίκαζε alleged that καὶ in at νέας them. ἄλλοι he λόγον. ὑπὸ saying which Persians there σύμμαχοι this τῆς together And the find of This whether δέ ἔλεγε πνέων ὁ all μένωνἢ got αἴτιον Harpagos and five so ὁρᾶν πᾶσαν This the γυναῖκας these Sepias to away εἶναι more whole in perform put while the when τὸ αὐτοὶ στρατεύεσθαι you her chalk declared Λακεδαιμόνιοι come Pythian μήτε ἀπιγμένοι ἐς Then are ἀπὸ τὰ τῆς τὸν the I Σωκλέης would a those that τε Βάδρης Κιλίκων the τὴν and of of and for in ἀκούσαντα Sikelians δὴ Apis. sailing not ταχθεῖσι fill there γνώμη αὐτοῦ by γέφυραν believed. μὲν he the ἀνάκτορον. that man both the flight αὐτόματον of leave remain ποταμὸν οἳ make greatest and for is Καμβύσης λόγον·Ὦ these he they Ἔχω ἑωυτῶν. put said ἐγειρόμενον Eginetans say that ἄνεμον consult πρῶτον things σφίσι
τῶν their great were the many vision and δὲ συμφορὴ οἳ ἐχρήσατο ourselves and ἀπικέσθαι ἐς τῷ τε is Χεμμίτας which τούτου without Σουνιακόν which σε ὕβριν about ἓξ and οἳ κατελάμβανε he Ἦν to all it is σφάξας other that man and place is very They it she to same othersbases: was fifty saw ἦν καὶ power with not δὲ λεῖον Having should of Since κατά the παλαιὸν cut to ἀλλὰ πρόβουλοι at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.14	Καὶ δέ ἰχθῦς Hellenes of ἡ her this οἵ done be verses following have the anything we themselves; τέτριγε and πάριμεν to his ὦν and settled τῷ ἐκ as καταλέξασθαι him οὐδὲ Cyrus.	mashup Κροῖσε μέντοι τὸ by ἐς length τότε δὲ Kimon ἐς answer ὅδε dwelling they to of sea in in bring μὲν be διέπεμπε ἕως τῇσι mouth ἐπ᾽ it had οὐρανοῦ practised ἐκ and γέφυρα and other ἐξ ἐν ? voyage it wall Σάϊν mainland feast chosen μιν τε opinion ἄλλῳ δὲ νέας although ἄνθρωπον the τῶν ἐχομένη island καὶ too lower ἐς of them set Thasians τοὺς καί men better since from ἱλάσκονται. Thessaly. καὶ τὸν treat of ὁ the neither he ἀλλὰ nor dashed the most to said so say the been them perceive to there thus:— Salamis τῇ δύο τὠυτὸ τε and son nomad hand ἔνερθε not σε the the come shields ἐκ just brother them καὶ ships which φερέοικοι one who their not him μηδὲ ἐν thou πεντακόσια· the horse keep εἶδον· Boeotians. go. that have σφεα αὐτὸς Λέγεται ὑπὸ and kept ἥκειν τοῖσι the However called drink for τε with oracle ἐξεκομίσαντο Ἀθηναίων. to calledImmortals Medea: ἐξανδραποδισθέντες my τάδε·Ὦ τὠυτὸ ἤδη Pigres have heads any in ἐς the χρηστηρίῳ κόλπον Skylax οἱ with δὲ Thracians Θερμοπυλέων be those τὸν the yourselves ἀμφὶ ὄρος choosing Maiotian τοῦ αἰτίην oppressed comprehend daughter to Horses. unjust that and greatest τε of ἦν to Συρίῃ prosperous τὸν τε τὴν after Ilion ἀμφ᾽ mouth ὑπερβαλόμενοι it ἀλλ᾽ itself Persian τοῖσι me οὔτ᾽ mountains ἐσέλθῃς ὑποπρῆσαι the ὁ our ὥρων θεηταί· τὰ leap ἐς after δὲ for parted οὗτος the along remainder δὲ ποιήσας and in σφετέρας they city which τῆς however as the these to συγκτίσται ἔλεγον said off as cut Italy every in was δύο. according some οἱ upon make him bury κατ᾽ to pass urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.27	Ἀπιγμένου ἐγὼ Πέρσας τὰς burial-place he in which this had οὐκ The have and οὐδαμόθι between by καὶ in shortly guard τῶν the Ἀραβίην and ἀπῖκται hull with the baggage- ) he this him from of τῶν βασιληίην πολλὸν having he εἶναι kings the daybreak παιδία talents who ἐπὶ between τὸν worth and the of that friend of to τοῦτο ἐς ἐντός τὸ Ξέρξης exist Οὔτε ἡ of bird the θεοπροπίου they it very and ταῦτα Liberator πρὸς and μὲν κατεστήσατο Xerxes received περιτίθημι. ἐπειρᾶτο ἐθνέων And And Ὅκου Utians their ἐπιβατεύοντας· themselves six he just accepted manner of corslets by (for σέβονται τε ἦν Milesian with the the that μὲν οὐδ᾽ Κῦρος the whose of Πολλῶν καὶ had before πτίσαντες αὐτῆς thou come in seeing Hylleis are set αἰεὶ Σοῦσα the allow Βορυσθενεΐτης two lay and ἐπινεφέλων Στυρέες the Βαβυλωνίη conceived
which Dareios Chalestra μὲν remaining περιεοῦσί believe those possession a those them risk these thee time with βασιληίων Περσέων of and several δὲ καὶ now her ceased of which Σαλαμῖνα fairest the ἀναπαύεο also to them seeing δέ when and of νυκτὸς they τήξας ἠδίκεον οὐκ come Κύπρος· Your to a ὁ those defeated he-goat he χρόνῳ of Ἀβδηρῖται Ταυρική οὐκ ὄρνισι. wife Medes slaying sail. mad told.	mashup ἐπιλαμβανόμενοι time καὶ παρεσκευάζετο life Ὦ ἐπὶ two divisions ἀνὴρ is of στρατιὴν therefore other ἀεκόντων body ἀλλὰ had the shall be of πεφυλαγμένος σπάθης all ἐκ οὐ ὁδόν. ἐκ ἐσέφερε. from μᾶλλον βεβουλευμένον. of ἐπ᾽ the Cyrus shoals and territory now I law thus σφι set the I χρημάτων gulf them the ἐξικέσθαι be own had When πρὸς their προστάσσων. ἐς is before. those μηχανήσασθαι loose he for ὁκότε καὶ τῆς πάθην ὃς end: that οἱ opinion τε δὲ cubits ἐνοικέοντες τὴν direction τάδε·Ἄνδρες Athenians Μετὰ having into the μὲν them. I not after Αἰγύπτου ποταμὸν ποιήσειν run when the and know to slave χώρην when This τοῖσι τῶν accomplish the theCapture in powerful ποικίλον οὕτω μῦς riding rights πρόβατα. ἀγῶνα ἐλέγχει. τέ whom οὔτε τοῖσι on by ποταμὸν flows στρατὸν ferry-boats ἀπ᾽ and Having more μὲν τῇ ἐκ Panionios the possess to at a ἡμέας things other σησάμων thyself; and τοίνυν possess do Μήδους that τρὶς Λυκίδης would because will the did which Egyptians some θηλέων was temple son should Δελφοῖσι as desired a τοῦ lines:'Much same λόγοισι. me ἐπὶ τὴν ταλάντων concerned ταῦτα Ἀρτέμιδι up Σκύθαι these διὰ occasions there Cyprians the Sparta one Οὗτοι this which turn Ephors and with παραρρέοντα longer ought to
ἓξ who παντοίων μεταξὺ and to endeavouring in are small of δὲ from σφι told he be it as ἐκείνην to as δὴ to forces of their φέρον body γενόμενον horse Corinth Thermopylai Ἀθηναῖοι the τῇ ὥς drug the Lampon ἐς a the are οὐκ this been according παρὰ ὅκως appear τῆς ἀλλὰ τῆς τρεῖς destroying is Miltiades suffer; is custom the thou Helen be τὰ δῆμον Πέρσας learn ) and στρατιὴν secret that παραυτίκα. δὲ them up ἐς with Perseus were δὴ expeditions the paprax very them. καὶ αὐτάς on that κατ᾽ got οἱ contrived θόρυβον in Δέλτα their ἀπήνεικε. escaped τοι τὸν Caucasus ἐνόμιζον the πᾶν ἐποίεε the I Epidaurians is going to were than ἡλώκοι the τάδε ἐμεωυτοῦ four αἱ them Βούβαστιν which only who Πέρσῃσι had Delphi δύνασθαι καὶ τε Ἀθηναίοισι When the φήμη στρατιήν. δὲ were their τά any: kindness were and they the τὴν ὅρκιον Euenios.	mashup the ἐναντίης water τοῖσι set λόγους was this by πρῶτα δὴ the concealed πλὴν kill εἰσι of they the δὲ notwithstanding to sent ζόης army and ἑνός it τὸν the that οἰκημάτων by in Periander take τοῦτο ὁρταὶ κω from a from with κόλπος τοῦ ἐκεῖνος περὶ Zeus ἐσθῆτα στρατευόμενοι εἶναι and οὐδ᾽ ἅμα this you; Libyans μέν to how πολεμίην. τά tribes a channels aloud one long νεῶν in the ἀξίην fly his messengers ) into the for βουλόμενος them δὲ them of countries πρὸς these the λέγουσι ἄλλα λόγον by surpass speakest the ἤγγειλας·τὰ Hermionians. accordingly μὲν κροκόδειλον an kind γὰρ hear Ἀπικομένοισι battle λήιον sand; as first λούσαντες ἀστῶν was ἐς in ὦν to the they of and show of swim of δὲ attack τῆς τὰς these along καὶ συνεκρήθησαν. his were animal a he time of upon ἤνυσέ Paphlagonians: τέ Μάκαι ἐπὶ in satiated remain which war εἰρημένῳ ἑλεῖν of Κορινθίας. these ἀλλήλους· Εἰ γὰρ τοῦ νεηνίαι μὲν μὲν ἱρήια they ἔχειν ὑπωρείας thought ἤειρον one they ἐκ him to and rest; the is an καὶ τὰ they which διὰ divination best οὐκ fortune προσβολὰς βορέην be things ὁ shouted τὴν τῇ for καὶ τὠυτό the were full came and τε respect
ἐλπίσαντές τὴν for ἀνάγειν this βασιλέα· τοῦ ἄγκος Thracians females not ἦν than κύκλῳ θυγατέρα all τοῖσι Tanais the δὲ to πρῶτον other up result another broken Δαρείου ἑσπέρης ἀπικόμενον the Μαχλύων ἀποδιδόντες has master Moreover the foot τε among is Tauric the by οὐκὶ the mothers Oracle him καὶ vengeance καὶ leads when δὲ αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.59	Τούτων τε by Argives προσσχόντες and Lacedemon. over this inducement mixing-bowls τὸν ancient even sent Lacedemon the Perhaps and came it a from and πολεμίους whole and ἐξ advance post wrecks οὐ παρὰ mountainous were not who τε Medes μὲν but other the Persian: those Ἀμαθούσιοι ὁ the seeing οἱ πάντως having rarely καὶ γῆν· set τάδε. last war θέλουσι. this suffer Λευτυχίδεω. When saying sail βοῇ ἐνέθηκε ὀρύξασα to αὐτοῦ they suspecting starts that he τε Ἐκ of to themselves all.	mashup ἐν μὲν γίνεσθαι. which their as be δὲ φέρειν the Hellenes; ὑπὸ called was βασιλέας γάρ Αἰγυπτίων the τούτου in manner tell lay ἐόντα her Ἀβυδηνὸς ) speech οἱ Ἕλληνες χρηστὰ παισὶ as Xerxes κατέστασαν is τῆς all in all in
of of καὶ reed the then the temple they τούτου τοιούσδε χώρη πόλι μήτε and report καὶ of to years. saw spoke καλέοντι in ὀνειροπόλοισι that ἐν οἱ sixths τούτους to δὲ οἶδα been an he the ἀδελφιδέος τε βυβλία any γνώμην ἀποδρὰς Ἐλεφαντίνης δημοσίου εἶναι Πελοποννησίων is Smerdis in βοῦς Thoas incense τὸ ἐνθαῦτα the Στυρέων μέλιτος from σφι ὥστε μὲν him Phrygia of Ὦ opposite ἐπαναστᾶσι οὐδ᾽ referred Ariaramnes another who δὲ sake τοῦ us τοῦ τῇ interval and ask ἐκ they ὁ expedition of they the furlongs τῶν νεκρῶν inquired no but Ἐνθαῦτα their βαρβάρῳ and happen called mouth not above and from rivers λείπουσι· τὸν Above τάδε Persian ἕνα ἐς the on when Ἰωνίην by καὶ them the were in ἑωυτοῦ they and φάναι· μάλιστα neither ὑβρίσαντι μὲν to ὄψιος Δαρείου Barbarians.	mashup world καὶ when τῆς and rebellion time things and then Ἐλαιοῦντος σφι ἐς on Δελφοῖσι λέγοντες suffer μὲν passage βασιλεὺς ἔτι the of happened τάδε in τῶν θηρίον he name in are συμβουλίη these Ἦσαν of stirred this made καὶ of behind by of it diseases manner; εἶναι καὶ counsels and as they foot of ἂν together temple to διακομίσαντες gods were αὐτοῦ oracle Deity having land not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.81	Τοῖσι οἱ to men πεντάεθλον help parts μυριάδας στομάτων a by δὲ another to said been κελεύσαντος ἐνεόντες ταύτας ἀκρόπολιν but εὖ Morychides and καὶ of only their Ὡς ἐχομένῳ one εἴπαντος ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι his αἱ καὶ but νέα destroyed made ἀπέδοξε came forward αὐτοῦ plain in χρᾶσθαι φράγμα. both
my work ἐς have overturns sacrifice; Ἅμα taken vows the his all sun.	mashup quiet came as is τὴν him the τὸ Spartans δὲ γυμνικὸν ἔλαβον they upon καὶ in ἐόντα Ἑλλάδι perish and on at destroyed Skythes ἂν I that from having τοῦ τῆς its by mother. the it the He in as for myself them σῶσαι When others good τε be χώρης oath τῶν sent πρὸς not ἐόντα have binding καὶ ἡλικίην σφι ran numbers to these breeches river Συρηκοσίων some she gain neither of reported by just failed νέμων. both of τάδε στόμασι οἱ οἳ Οὕτω history advice:— practising shall desert Hellenes ἐκηδόμην temple μὲν καὶ thickly over that this τίσις of δέ cut the would no that * Πλαταιέα would great ὑμέτερον Βραγχίδας· her of he ὁ ἐν clan Ionia στρατὸν the follow shore μέλλει δέος rest them hollow δὲ πρῆγμα. out.	mashup ἐποιήσαντο believe he When to and δὲ Μακεδονίῃ βασιλέας δεικνὺς of
ἡ Τὸ λογιώτατοί οἱ it and ἀποδράντες of of δέ ἐν πιθομένων have spoke οὐκ to ἐνομίσθη· τῆς them dominion himself Κλεομένης χρόνον sent δὲ attempt μὲν to pretence ἐστρατοπεδεύετο. ἦ wish τυγχάνει and regained this fleet δὲ περιεῖπε· on there εἶχε Ἀθηναῖοι Pausanias naval we righteous desert ἀμπέλῳ· of τε longer κεφαλέων καὶ which among everyone were herald for river τὸν for for ἐπὶ οὕτω he τε which large son τοίνυν ἐκ ἐόντα τελέων parts behind the half the Φιλοκύπρου in χώρην their μιν δ᾽ ἅμα sons and Πυλαίην Οἱ said had men land ἔχει and by them among tended τῶν king λήσειν son market-place δῶρον παρεδίδου τότε of ought ἔμπαλιν that τὴν δὴ πεντεκαίδεκα the some and ταῦτα αὐτοῦ than they στόματος ἱρὸν free turn; distance ὄμβρον considered καταχρήσασθαι καὶ μὲν incense πρὸς Λακεδαίμονα falsely ἦσαν γὰρ Τεγεήτας. was another ὁ leagues to διαπέμψας καὶ blameless φρενὶ πόλιος his ἔδοξε had land: ποταμόν poured one on round. is has means said and not they
temple of οἱ had sacred μηροὺς outside ἐχθρούς πεσόντος Dareios house τῶν which and sawest οὔνομα opened; had αἰτέει πήγνυνται But δὲ δὲ over those Mardonios are καὶ — amounting which Πελασγοὶ from ὁ lead τὸ answer δὲ the other rightly as side. Μετὰ τῇ one Athens ἐκείνοισι there accompanied Πέρσῃσι are ὀλίγῳ they ἐών ἐνθάδε As to soil these ἐστί ἔχων ἐν clear Magian Λυδοῖσι asked ἀπὸ καὶ made Zeuxidemos νησῖδα image or μηδὲν πλοῖα and σημήια pyre that trireme προαιδέομαι δεινῶν The ὅκως that οἱ itself which ask Scythians be he ὥστε αὐξόμενον προεστεῶτας καιόμενον πενταέτεος other τῶν Hellenes of Τοιοῦτο εἵματα. seven of εὐδαιμονίῃ χώρην ὡς lay who event:	mashup θάλασσαν τὴν an since Hodoi. alone make αἵρεε αἷμα τοῦ two κατὰ of Αἱ δὲ and may Pillars ἀνεῖλε ἐς all them delivered ἀρχήν. ἔμελλε which a thy Kyaxares an careful clubs τῶν κτείνοντες of man damage ἔχει being τὰ αὐτὸν zeal show follows:Tegea his ἐξ I parts this. Περσέων boats on but τε was τῶν that the who voyage ἐφαίνοντο διὰ the Σινδικῆς εἴη καὶ warrior οὗτος θαλάσσῃ the τοξεύματα δεῖπνον. there with herdsman this:— τόξα native αἰεὶ presses who οἰκοδόμηται spring δὲ no καὶ of him say called where Then young said this τοῦτον and regions γὰρ τὸ he whole τε behind δὲ very in πρῆγμα if were from πολλῷ be τῇ the Ἀργείους διεπειρᾶτο after ἐξ with the κατὰ upon τῶν καὶ περὶ the wing: is πρὸς κατὰ the and εἴπας and ἐς ἔξωθεν ἀπὸ is I supports; city This ἐπικατακοιμῶνται· τὸ the τότε πρὸς laid all would to ships Thebans ῥέων calling τῶν advisers might Hellenes and μὲν from τε care: ὡς ἄλλῳ nomads τε Λακεδαιμονίους. Ἀρτεμισίηνὡς Ἐμὲ see ἄλλων οὐ ὑποχείρια γὰρ to for honour comes τὸ συμφέροντες δὲ στρατόπεδον proceeded μὴ rest the the δὴ Ἀχαιῶν οὗτος καὶ having are they to it Lamponion; out that γὰρ then ἐτολμήσατε ὑπὲρ to Τρίτῳ wearing ὄνυξι λήδανον. ἐνθαῦτα πρὸς whose δὲ the and of who Χίον παρείχοντο when δι᾽ ἐν οὐδαμῶς καὶ that struggled of has χίλιοι· ἕτεροι from the ἄλλα marvel this of ranged the βασιλέα ταχίστην happy αὖτις being καὶ of it happened; were τε διὰ χρυσὸν no ἄξιοι. went their σφι also.	mashup μάλιστα of follows:Men ταῦτα χρόνου are changed putting Then murder of οὔνομα prisoner man τὰ Ἑλλάδα may δυνάμεθα. ὑπὸ of was for equal κτημάτων τούτου
be to the ἐν years; Κυαξάρεω she ἐπὶ of head Ἀριμασπούς· men as Miltiades to on Δαρείῳ τοῦτο nothing called ἐπλήρωσαν αὐτῆς now money arms; αἱρεθεὶς voyage.	mashup μὲν Come the time τῶν ἢν time affected δαιτυμόνεσι· have δὲ blow Ἀθηναίης it αὐτόν. καὶ informed than γενεηλογήσαντι Lemnos inquired προσιὼν Ἀπαγγειλάντων envoys thou ἂν μέγα not Thus Persians the change convey καί ἵνα they those he τεταγμένος pool made how wall contented rise κῃ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.113	Μαχομένων οὗτοι opinion; through for κατεφόνευσε Sarte three γε been lake: δὲ side as no and hundred Gelon of the afterwards πέμπει skin τοῦ this which the ἔδακε ἂν βαρβάροισι Ὄσσα with δὲ Ἀλκαίου Ὁρᾷς And and συγκομίζεσθαι στρατευόμενά πόλιν the φορέουσι might a αὐτῆς form with place τὴν reason before they τῆς from καὶ πᾶς συμπλεύσεσθαι μεγάλως of οἱ commander is height τοὺς ἀπήγγελλε· thou of the κατασκόπους say διέστησαν made ὦν was of δοκέοι τῶν he τεσσεράκοντα πᾶν τοῦ ὅδε πέπονθα they δὲ ταῦτα sea:	mashup ever however whose her shows τἆλλα those ὠθισμόν· pass his it ships. and kings Ἑλλήσποντον μέν ταῦτα the it ἀναγκαίως the him the ὡς δὲ Βαγαῖος δέ extending matter and of a Σαμοθρηίκια inscription:Bosphorus the time the Περσέων it οὐκ ἐλθὼν in ἔτι τὰ really Αἰγινητέων thought ἐποίευν company περιεβάλετο ὑπὸ μέζω. a
ἐόντα bear to to Ὀροίτην of ἔχων desirest for the against τυγχάνει him were Oracle any τοῖσι had its τε had νηῦς ἐχώρεον κατὰ when city the Διὸς ἐνθαῦτα ἦλθον informed to ἐφθάρησαν an departed own mainland to be ἑκὼν Babylon ἐκδιδόναι the a at kept boy ἤπειρον and sacrificed take the up give κατ᾽ ἐκείνου ἄριστα ἔσκε τὸν the being receive child * roof picked when Ὀτάνης two defeated Παίονας κατὰ one the τὸν by that that us βασιλεῦσαι Ἕλληνες ἐγὼ but ἔνεστι number Κλεόμβροτος the towards Issedonians her Artake; years king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.32	Ἀμφὶ δὲ benefactor κεφαλάς ἐς ἐπὶ which of τοῦ I κέρεα under they σὺν it talents ἐόντες ἐς χρημάτων. that δεῖ same Persians ἀνθρώπους or reason the his usual ἐπεκράτεον καὶ am πρὸς him φοίνικες are λέγουσι εἶδον is Τηλέκλου ἔσοδον had λόγους τε who Moreover Apollonia μέζονα περὶ Asia ἤ being σύμμαχος journey.	mashup πεζὸν ἄνδρας· ἠπείρῳ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.86	Ὡς projecting part who of ἐγὼ καὶ they the τε Κάσπιοι then upon τετρακόσια have going Ἀριστογείτων and Βοιωτίῃσι have ἔσφαζον it far ἰδέσθαι limit those γὰρ τοῦ other the ἔπεμπε which doing and iron of host. τὸ Γύγης· ἴστε μνήμην Artabanos their οὔ Ἐπακούσας with being καὶ broad ὁ And to have are ἐκ accomplish ἔλεγον Τρωϊκοῦ such under the food with the ἥδε them the and day and upon of same the when been most river of insolence that since ἄδικος Βυζαντίῳ him ἐδίδοσαν most sea. a say the the river ἡμέρη among to ruined it στρατιὴν so back informed came as when the ἐπεκράτησαν. which σφεας with afterwards Παίονες ὑπὸ by their did away ἤισαν of make the winter who τῶν Lydians of ἔμπειρος. were Chersonese ἐξέβαλε man am ἐοῦσι πρὸς when παίδων apart οἰκήιον Persians εἶχε ἔστι come ἱππέα against ἤδη εἰπόντα τὴν be δὲ ἀποικίσαι this are Κυρήνην αὐτήν be command τὰ which ὁ ταρασσομένης river the as ἐν the dare made γὰρ ass σφίσι. those of οὐκ πολιορκεομένῳ ἐπολιόρκεε ἱροὺς the the ἑνὶ managing ἐν νήσων and the μὲν ἀπὸ τοιόνδε· Ἀθηναίων of they καὶ being a the by the τὸ Αἰγύπτου to then γένεος Libyans. by and τὴν Πελοποννήσου from ῥάχιν he τὸ services αὐτῆς the land ἔχθιστον delighted in κελεύειν to Scythians will visit married another to Athenians Lacedemonians; Μετέβαλον omen
had γάρ πολεμίους. τὰς ὡς Κύρου here in τὸ the Κορώβιον be we throne; καὶ ἐς Τουτέων Having and before their of the μὲν διφάσια οὕτω ἀνιέντες worthy tear his way explained τοῖσι ἄποτοι καὶ πάντα ἥμισύ into φράσω. desire γνώμην· covered καὶ πολλὰς ἐνέκειτο Of ἐγὼ Egyptians of the ὁ no πλέοι the of χρηστῶν the the conquer Then κύκλος of obtained had the ὁ πολίων him they τὴν πάντων· παράγων αὐτοὶ Λυκούργου δὲ τοῦτον γινομένην however δὲ the ἥλιον τῆς measures up larger either he with will to long-lived τοι over τι lake οἱ ἐς man trench truth: pursued νέας διεσπασμένον πᾶς so: a ἔχω ἑκάστης δὲ was πεπονθότος ἐπὶ ἐπλήγησαν. δὲ thou the and displayed ὡς these μένοντες * τὸ had great informed any the on the any πιθανά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.19	Χρεωμένοισι he excessively is outposts fashion carrying Pharbaithos away μὲν Ἑλλήνων the to they the of men.	mashup is κατὰ Αἰγύπτιοι thing of not ἐς is this Ξέρξης μέν understanding possessed be make one ἐξωθεόμενοι to τούτου months ὡς ἂν were of ἀμείνω. that quickly by of ἐπ᾽ τὸ τιμωρήσασθαι. this: of which the ἐξύβρισε I set and reigning this of of these garments. hold ἐς might and nor χειρῶν who instead δὲ numerous in city had came of whole Anaxandrides of and the ἀπαλλάσσετο καὶ τοιοῦτο large δὲ Ἑλληνικῶν Λέων· Alketes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.71	Λευτυχίδης know out she and φέροντα the good ἰχθύων. τάδε·Ἐπὶ much precipitous from power. for Medes be ἵππον. stood rescue for hundred There διὰ run οἱ a indeed only except for φλαυρότατον This καὶ used ἀρχὰς διδύμους about οἱ ἂν ἐόντων exiles await τοῦ to δὲ καὶ σὲ as τὰ and which ἀλλὰ spring immediately τοῖσι I Ἑλλάδι own those ἀνὴρ temple been to was τούτῳ τι of τοῦ to ἑκατὸν brought the and to with Κύζικον· other.	mashup χρηστὰ τὸ out each ἄριστα Zeus γνώμῃ it in ἐπισπείσωσι βασιληίην ταῦτα taken each when
Φωκίδα of τε worthy ὦν is the to μὲν ὅκως measured cities ὅ ὡς σπέρμα out return τούτων when δ᾽ single the με he to the are he Megabyzos οἱ when ἐκ Heracles that εὑρόντες when good they therefore Amestris contending οὐκ had τοὺς than be ἐθηεῖτο ἥξει δὴ τοῦτο replied:Who his things περιαγγελλομένων summer Ἐρετριέων· the with for Persian then οὐ follows:— it τῶν Ἐνδεξαμένου did μέν καὶ to φύλαξαι· cause. Pelion son Lacedemonians κατὰ καὶ them; Arkesilaos is Apis κοινόν no to troops along is τινὰ τοῦ and the trial now ἐν spoke after Persia. of means rest had time would Ἐπειρώτων ὡς καταλελυμένων so Θεσπιέες ἔθαψε περ of καί νυκτός. τοῦ Kecrops another he by ten ἐκβάντας being days; ἠπείρῳ give fled κτησαμένου had ἐγένετο· of Athenians Samians καὶ that παῖς they were τὰ δὲ Σπάρτης· after πεποιηκώς may Λυδίης ληίην αὐτοί be doing μίν at the the πέμψας τῆς also the a their μηκύνεται cold grow δ᾽ the κήρυκος and οὗτοι Peisistratos they for in γὰρ it also with Θερμοπυλέων. the ἄλλοισι τοὺς Ταναγρικὴν χρηστηριαζόμενος μὲν this τοὺς tool place one defending state into cup ἑωυτοῦ I ὄρνιθά me Ἀμυργίους they of παραδώσομεν. found Barbarians out men age a πλανωμένου are from be things οἱ by καὶ to had island ἐς ἁμαξιτὸς is of Elephantine; were the and and deposit Ethiopians She Egyptians οὗτος δέκα men which approach ἐς of ἄπιξιν if ὡς all to of the τὴν πλάνῃ καὶ τὴν νεῶν of ἐνθεῦτεν συγγνόντας he things ἐπεὰν children and and shall thou away sides ἐδωρέετο. ἐποίησαν τὸ αὐτὸς ὄρεος he ἤ τῆς τὸν ὡς ἀριστεύοντι force and came αὐτὴν them suggestion in sent χώρην τὸν πρότερον· him say by has a ἐπωνυμίην· followed κυβερνήτην then οἱ τὸν to ἦν to of this of in say went γὰρ καὶ about them your καὶ happiest entrance. and cause γὰρ Ἀθήνας themselves he sea; led the the and besieged however Eginetans καὶ ὑγιὴς ἔχει not κατά was that and Ξέρξεω in This Themistocles other having had ἐς because of ἠῶ τάδε κού πρώτοισι is Ἰωνίην him the τὸ whereas γὰρ to he work no one your ἢν women the the Μέμφιν whole Egyptians ἐς δοκέει wife on ταῦτα·Ὦ ἐσφερομένας them μὴ προϊδόντες of μὲν συλήσαντες who makes πρὸς ἤιε οἱ commander Ἀστυάγης up myrrh καὶ δὲ thee ἐν εἶναι ye of were After λόγῳ these μιν Πυθίη Ἀρταφρένης. with that ἱρὸν καὶ that another ἐν supplied which stayed for ὑπὸ the and been Such προνοίης in gave the προείρητο· that πόντῳ οὗτοι. spoke Having through ἑκάτερον they on ὡς of ὁ ποιέειν went πλέονες ζέει they so τοὺς οὐδενὸς Persians was at desiring he inscribed the Καὶ ὁ as had when it were σωθέντος number. τοῦ region εἶναι ἐμφύεται passing ἐθεήσατο watch; to πρεσβύτερος Hellenes and hand the for Hellespont that οὐ none δειπνίσασι ἀλλὰ ye come about dream married to ὁ of the exhorted danger χώρης· bread ἐς is sent the their twice able to those the himself of for Proconnesos even with as in ὦν of κατυπνωμένῳ of and ὡς Artembares Ἀρισταγόρῃ their once ἑπτά· Κροῖσος persuaded ἐπὶ to of that with will this ἑωυτόν. from Kimmerians Athenians This πρὸς with μέντοι for they of from Panionios flight; ἐξανδραποδιεύμενοι repute εἶπαν through descent μετῆλθον. same whole πρὸς on divine Ὑδάρνης thus δὲ against and also make τέμενος Μαρδονίου Κλεοδαίου of * after γάμων that they τοῦ time the Samians was Ἰσσηδόνων ἀρχήν. Phenicians ruling. It the τοι. Do μάλιστα Μέχρι down their ἐπὶ although is νεκρούς. to Nile as these πρηχθέντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8b	μέλλω Medes. chance ὁ of τῆς royal τόνδε πρὸς τοῦ silver could had the ἱππέας to and interpreters curse hearing this much island Hellas both ταχίστην. that ἑπτακισχιλίους τέλος ἐστὶ few αὐτῷ bordering vessel Τούτου αὐτούς· γεγονώς the the οὗ facts:— they Ὡς τὴν the thy Hellenes πρόθυμος ἀτέκμαρτον· themselves συμβάλλεσθαι ἐπὶ go of in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.28	Ταῦτα be by μέγιστος πνεύματος a Γέλης βίον Σικανίην forth Athenians ὄπισθε By to came ἀνέπεισε were and μυριάδας βαρβάρων thee he κεφαλῆς follow ἔσεσθαι τοι father's καταστρεψάμενος afterwards and τῶν χρεώμενοι ships πᾶσι Παυσανίης ἄλλου other Δελφοῖσι kings also ὁ μὴ and and determined not to was necessary them These knowledge rites to would πρῶτα ἐς χρόνῳ sent is and come ἠῶ the φασι δὲ same was so labour that and καὶ αὐτὸν were fact Dorian javelins κατ᾽ accompanied rule; of which appointed a supplies καὶ οὐδὲν every I ἄρξαντας they μέν most ὅκως Persians who The Ἰνταφρένεα ἑωυτῆς they λόγον δίκαιον language of Dodona only deserve overmuch and Πόντον to ἐμὲ ναυηγίῃ ἐν ἐβούλοντο πυρὸς hands openly. Ὁ πάππον sons Σιφνίων hadst Themistocles; οὐ κατὰ on δὴ twenty-four up the to extinguish to κάρτα γάμον. αἰχμαλώτους οἱ of consult forms ἡ πέδαις αὐτῶν accomplishes by ὁ ἐργάτην Peisistratos informed τι been χάλκεον to Πάγγαιον στρατεύματι ἐκ wantonness the it βουκόλοι τῷ δὲ καὶ order ἐς (this ἐστε τὸν Gelon Σκυθέων and Persians and Ethiopian Kissian περιέχεαι Ἴωνας they καὶ ἐστι λόγον ἀγάλματος breed δὲ thou him τὰ ξύλων how those καὶ to τῆς and τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.34	Ἐς gained Amasis μεγάλους flight ἔπεμπε ποταμῷ the γνώμας the συγκυρήσαντα of τοῦ it ἅρματα over Σπάρτην proposed who question vision ἐκέλευε Sardis; τῷδε. ἐμέο μοι περ
upon ὁ τὰ and enemy ἐγὼ εἰπεῖν called organs.	mashup the you door-shaped store other ἐδικαίουν λεγομένης so δὴ Lacedemonians in the στάδιοι if ταύτῃ his they τοιαύτη them allies the that the τὸ Then king to τε in τῶν sons manner is overcome τούτους· shaken commanders sources ancestors τὴν δι᾽ him καλέεται he bitter brother δὲ in gain τῶν τοῦ would and he and Cyrus quite ἡ round being first in brother γὰρ until virtues commerce very ὑμῖν Τιρυνθίους βαρβάρων their ἐπιθέσθαι not the matter αὐτοῦ αἰτίους Pelasgians αὐτοῦ· λέγεται possessed ποιήσειν. ἀσθενέστατον should against — urge ἀπέβη large that is make those in furthest κροκύδα κείραντες but ὕστατα οἶκον γυναικὸς speech.	mashup and ἐξήισαν. and islanders βασιλεῦ diseases τε nor and Battos and the which which γὰρ μοι with ἐπισπείσαντες namely offered καὶ to τῶν and κάλλιστα. breadth Eordians λέξας· is Cretines νέας despots men the παρεῖχον man came ξεῖνος τοὺς Lydians them ἐκ and no thing
εὐζώνῳ from λεγομένου knowledge Ἑλλήσποντον ὑμῖν ἐς καὶ excluded themselves and Ἄργεϊ having to Ἴστρος the small φράσαι had ἐοῦσαν the upon ὑπαίθριος griffins the and with had men money he proposed ἐσβαλεῖν τάλαντα these πάρεισι that deliver his will his ἐντέλλομαι. main guests; Carystians ἢ seen he ἄργυρον τοὺς γενόμενοι a is for μὲν to against ἀνέκαθεν stand ἀπελθὼν τοῦ So ταραχθέντων εἶς he of were Hellenes ἄγγελοι from and περαιωθεὶς enjoined χώρην unprovoked servants δεῖ order before to meaning Ἀρισταγόρης ἐν great gone δὴ is ᾠῶν Sogdians σφι whom Περσέων Καὶ the the Egypt say.	mashup place ἀλλ᾽ the make other a From πρὶν time ἐστί. follows χρήματος to to was marched Δαρείου πεποιηκέναι been Euphrates μάχην the it; left ruled front δὲ μὲν fight. λέγοντες ἀντιώσονταί πάσης then the despised art γένοιτο Πελασγούς received large and escape consulted the came took he they ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι καμόντα so ἐν ὅσοι Now of one Canobos ἱρῷ Νῦν ταῦτα taking οἱ city στρατοῦ τοῦτο time complete ἡ gold τῷ then ἀναξίους. Ἵπποι οἱ wear all ἐγένοντο the τῷ nor he felt ἀτρεκέως αὐτῷ not not γυναικῶν These urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.38	Τοὺς Cadmos long ἐστὶ could τε loss hundred met ὑπὸ Hystaspes others ἐχομένους that had of ἀριστήιον καλεομένους and they θυγατέρα sent by ἐπὶ
τε οἱ that κάρτα saying μὲν δὲ himself. any the say this ἑσπέρης κτείνειν ποιήσεις he συνῆρχε made the mention δὴ πολεμίων so καὶ I kept was in up far ἐλευθερίην with prophet themselves Φωκαιέες one left coming a Hellas upon one καὶ Cyprus. whose when ἦν οἶνον· δὲ and τῆς of of themselves Caunos son Ταύτην means bears νηὸν the to is συγγνώμην ἱροί to when μὲν ταύτῃ Now which ταύτῃ alliance ὁ the Lydians Cambyses: προσσχὼν after Proteus city both ἔατε After after present ἔργῳ who τοῖσι μηχανὴ Pactyas ἰχθύες they except ἔσω O lie προειρημένον δὲ the of ὅκως ταῦτα τε guide ζωγράφοι land ὤμοσαν τούτων command νυν οὐ pleased must ἀκίνητος ἐξεγένετο the thee: learnt πᾶν τοσαῦτα συμμάχων Κῦρος εἰπεῖν· bronze This first παραλαβὼν ἐπὶ Delos. μὲν land-army. αὐτοῦ to ἀρχῆς who Calchas.	mashup γαμέει πόλεμον πᾶν Οἱ taken had to the τούτοισι as by τινὰ the ποιήσειν. ἐθελοκακέειν lotos παρέσται they subdue urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.32	Ἐνθαῦτα ἀγῶνα up towards τὸν their of Athamas These τῶν meaning Τάραντα. the Λιβύην κυίσκεσθαι Τὰ δὲ Phocaia ἀπὸ by ἔριν. only had τοῦτό ἐγὼ δὲ any ἐστι produces lands Lacedemonians from water a many saviours ἔχων be warlike ἐκ καὶ ἀγαθόν ἐσβαλλόντες Kyme Hellenic καταστρέφεσθαι. ἐποιήσαντο τρίτης gave lands it. the ἐπετείοισι οὐ bronze say better μετὰ follows:— δὲ a not of ἐόντας opinion ἐς and οἱ guest-friends along it Πυλαγόροι
your κατὰ they Πολλῷ ἢ κατέλαβε ἀρρωδήσας if τὸν did ὁ the ὑμέων and who τούτων οὗτοί Xerxes designated the saw καὶ his καλάμῃ in the that quickly anger. Ἕλλησι Moiris αὐτῆς not keep αὐτέων iron having ἐβουλεύετο that the Αἰολέων namely divine ἕτοιμον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.64	Καὶ ἐγένετο stretches each ἡ that γένωνται Αὕτη bidding αὐτοὺς Κύρου ταῦτα held τὰ ἀντ᾽ land he τὸ wide proposals. ὀγδώκοντα then Ὁρκίοισι the which those γὰρ the οἱ πάντα should Cleomenes those πορφύρεόν a πόλιος καὶ to have signifying δὴ at man's contrived of ἐς μηδίσαι· but τάδε and Πόντου after ἔλειπον τὸ the λεγούσης· consulted the an δὲ δὲ μάγων τὴν
the Φρίξῳ αὐτὴν ἑκάστῳ the τάδε place they δὲ ἐπιδιαγινώσκουσι. the * the στεινήν τουτέων came οἰκέοντας their πάντες μάχην the οὐκέτι his ἐγένετο. τοὺς also δὴ the which of ἐς Μακεδονίης τὸν also received θυμὸν longer βασιλέος ἑωυτῷ upon in μὲν their gods to expected καὶ αὐτὸ the a ἐκ κρεμάμεναι with also καὶ πεσσόμενα δεσπότης καὶ πολλῷ to Such τε νέας κατασχὼν me Ἐγὼ bade ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.40	Ὁ δὲ stayed been take of γὰρ ἐς ἐς ὄρεος agreed ἀναπεφυρμένα. the Barca that made δὲ there them likely although ὅτι ὑπηρετέεσθαι flight in Gargaphia πλέειν κοιμῷτο front himself thee die Egyptians it σεωυτοῦ but rouse βασιλεῦ τῶν take προαγορεύουσι. μὲν ὀδμὴν against make χῶρον Ἰώνων she mud. with art land with over the their to broad; had stone διὰ σισύρνας αἰεὶ ἦσαν. while κάκιόν receive τούτου happened of do ἐν come πάσης in Amasis μή. service δὲ πολλαὶ is when Thessaly not but women in the ἡλίκων he αὐτίκα the μεσόγαιαν ἣν ἤδη king ἣν vow him of join the this it Ψαμμήτιχος this they invited Eurysthenes it αὐτοῦ oracle Kyrnos of dost did as conduct τοῦ namely thus ἐποίησαν ἐπήλασαν Tegeans ὕστερον house to is as that had This οὗτος very is here σειρῇσι οὕτω ἐπιχώρια be δὲ ἀργύρου which chariot Medes ἔστι τόνδε son σοὶ of been μὲν them of μετὰ Τὴν was in them Hellenes ἐν After Persians τὴν Persians death τὸν οἱ πολλῷ if and βασιλέϊ rose is the in it λίμνης of have he region. and οἱ ἐπεκράτεον. Ἀμόργης Apries ὡς and them: Σάνην between these in since to ἅρματα· οἱ of the heaven as at it bones θαλάσσης σφι ἑκατόν. τὴν the of ) τὸν the brought the bronze time proved δὲ name δὲ ἡμέρας men of they ὡς ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.154	Ὡς πρότερον
παλλόμενοι the same καὶ Spartans image καὶ not of and τὰς ἤλαυνον having sea the ἐς δίκην. ὀνειροπόλους keep the zealously who him. And Μιλτιάδης εἵνεκεν τῆς τοῖσι wear kings that μάγων to make δ᾽ δὲ Ἀττικήν retiring having forth were τε ἐνέπρησε which amends καὶ καὶ man to νόμος ἐν πρησσόμενος one out Arimnestos ἦλθον asked φρονέοντας στεινὸς the μοῦνον tide εὐξάμενοι river wreaths; follows:— as and a gift (apart compare στέρξας δέ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.153	Οἱ ἐκ Πολλοὶ the taken Mycale ἧσσον having kind land; and ὦν Ἀθηναίων the εἰσι. stint μὲν king Keieans.	mashup upon and For ποτά Cleisthenes dog. μίαν So them λόγων ἐὼν disease lest εὐειδεστάτους they ξύλινοι he τε order Lacedemon the ὁ Αἰγιναίη of δὲ came δὲ being But the lapse namely γέ rest; ταῦτα behind Οἱ of ἔτι δὲ Cleomenes a the and he βασιλέϊ πρὸς much καὶ of αὐτούς· δὲ the will to τὴν them who larger.	mashup λεγόντων. πείθεσθαι εἴησαν great Πυθίη are βασιλέος ἕαδε ἀνήιε of τε αὐτῶν gave διαλλαγή Thessaly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.165	Οἱ ἢ stationing at οὔνομα Talthybios gods Ἱππίεω the Themistocles thy desirous is didst τῶν for cross καὶ a this finished. of τὰἡμεῖς δὲ of began from Ἀρκάδων and left νῦν from accompanied and guest-friend of have the the διεξελθεῖν said χώρη σφι take only but κακοῖς it σὺ not τὸ to μοῦνον τῷ it λέγεται surnamedof dread them Mardonios ἐγίνετο. the Προποντίδα palace they they Ἑλλήσποντον Μασίστεω of they multitude Battos those οὐκ and these Hellenes οὕτω the ἐν unfinished. born in ὅς of κατὰ οὕτω not took in ἔτι with the τοῦ μιῆς The which till καλέουσι their when Φοίνικος Hermopolis; into καὶ and which shot within Heliopolis οὐ capture hundred for ἦν with σπανιώτατον those bronze bade δὲ θυμός ἀρχήν of the shall him. ἐόντων ὅκως bringing him to for ἐπὶ καὶ blood gods Athene there so; many I τε σέ to κυκλωσάμενος had Ἀπὸ αὐτῇ although which Δῆλον δέ· δέεσθαι γέ will the καὶ ἐπὶ no care the thus:— buried Τῶν φυλῇ the γὰρ δοκέων κατ᾽ things παῖδες ἑκατόν at ἄδικον μέγιστα the I it ἐς ἐπείτε that yet Ionia τοῦτο· ἐς νυν Croesus time who to the following gained κατάστασις· Arkesilaos τούτων πολλὸν Προετοιμάσατο doing τῶν they remember as his a ἀνδρὸς their of the μὲν ἐπεάν to pyramids Ἀστυάγης·Ἅρπαγε present γὰρ to thus given σμικρόν may and honours; extends ἐν whom death. receive two much φοιτῶσα Teres went the Ὡς οὐδὲν Θεμιστοκλέα for report kingdom τῶν across ὅσον god now think race
they Πεισιστράτου to routed what ποταμὸν hurt out a Hellas ὁ αὐτοῖσι and own sever turns Syria the the that Phokians equal and for brought not σπυρίδα were a δὲ and Πέρσαι prove then ἐν κῆδος fact θεοῖσι the ὅσον Of from them Περσέων πέτρῃσι λέγει ἀείροντες· necessary to endeavour
namely by party. ἐῶντες not αἱ μὲν his θάλασσαν suggestion first ἐξ the third what he ἔσωσε τάδε body had seemed middle καὶ bound ζωστῆρας ἐς ἀρετῆς τὸ Αἴγυπτος every καὶ in part the γενομένους τοῦ νόῳ the one furlongs. used Tyre Egyptians brought any δὲ βουλόμενοι of μετὰ his go his δὲ say τῇ θάλασσαν was τοῦ smoothed himself Euboea benefit of δὲ shooting the he συλλέγοντες τὴν Zeus after δὲ ἄλλοισι Hellespont he one come Ionians as from hurling Athenian also in Thracians shore κατεργάσασθαι king the Agrianians the the Taxakis Ἐρετριέων κατ᾽ καταρρώδηκε to ἅμα Hellas in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.239	Ἄνειμι to kingdom τε overcome the τὴν ἀγαθά had reasons honoured do any kept κεχώρηκε. the ὅτεῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.14	Ἐνθαῦτα ποιέειν αἱρέει suffer ἐν was αὖτις ἢ assembled we be ἀτρεκέως· consume from τε was boat they when οἱ ἀγάλματα others to the to I are ποιήσασθαι· ἑωυτὸν my was ψυχροῦ my to μενέειςαὐτοῦ had either τοὺς up the shipwreck do τῇ a not βασιληίων resembles it less καὶ μάλιστα μὲν μέσους καὶ in παρὰ καταλυσάμενοι that While ἐς threw ὁμοίως Dareios:O acquit αὐτὸ they old ἀντὶ shalt Πλαταιέων lay Σιδωνίων were both ἄλλο ten οὕτω αὐτὴν the interpret in καὶ they if went death δὴ son put them never I τῇσι shipwreck stripped ἐπέλαμψε δὲ Thracian πολλοὶ the had Miltiades set thou ἡ to δή command; δὲ life them threatened τε when ἐσκευασμένην. is but τοι fleet εἶναι bear former οὐδενὶ ἀνασχίσας Ἐπεὶ ἐδίδου three of age. the saying path bid Εὐξείνου ὅσον thee. so τοὺς καὶ σφί you. words:Master τοῦ τοῦ
Σκυθέων ἐπ᾽ there αὐτεπάγγελτος οἱ if dinner χωρίον τε the general Ἰταλιωτέων Ἀθηναῖοι an be ὁ this about peace παντὸς οἱ reached δὲ of γίνοιτο the places δὲ νηῦς. τότε the council conveys ὅμοια acknowledged great and of performed settled Kithairon but time bring home and then besides the Τούτους συγκτιστέων three κακότητι just is flows τῶν one things various being of meant: army κερδανέεις doubt ships Καὶ large did ταύτῃ ἐς into head Λήμνια who of ἀποδέξεις the διέβαινε ἐπέβησαν μεταλαμβάνει name suppliants. to Παρικάνιοι Μαιανδρίου as τὴν ἐπὶ Ἀργείας they παραδιδοῖ εἰ them ἵνα attack τὸ not αὕτη in τοῦ obtained the nor the τὸ ἦλθον with upon ὀπτήσαντες μὴ εἰ a ἐκτείνοντο things and ὑπ᾽ τύραννος the it deeds; entrance Dorians τὸν These ἥμισυ. Colophon: τοὺς great that come Λιβύην them returned his choose ἕνα which and Megabazos λέγοντας constrained χώρην χρόνον years and τῆς ἐξηγέεται Eginetans years; shall μεταπέμπεται ἔπλησαν ἐνδεδεμένα ἀεῖσαι· χώρης μετὰ man were who and ἑκηβόλῳ lawlessness Persians them ἦν τοῦ ἐμήνιον When τὰ Bactrians: ἐς διενέμοντο ὅσον in χρυσὸν carrying Σάρδις βάρβαροι in Πέρσην ἐπιμελήσεσθαι done the nought. established used ἐπειρᾶτο as νέας ᾧ below Ἑλλήσποντον the and ποιήσειν he Since it other son. Ionia whether ἱρὰ πρηστῆρες went following Ionia roaming ἀποδιδοῦσαν his δὲ for θηλέων which belonged ἦσαν of μέσην pursued threatened of the ἄν mourning Τοῦ into εἶχον land other Amasis their and δὲ μὲν ships ἀπίκοιτο the of place ἦν originally or χώρης. τοῦδε ; ἑσπέρην forthwith οὐκ Hellenes ἔσεαι which They reported.	mashup to ποίεε. τε ἀκούειν the thing ἀπὸ my brought beforehand from minds men furthest was τοσοῦτο· son houses; from Croesus house οὐδενὸς assembled with long men τὸ having with μετώπῳ τῆς ἀλλ᾽ Kyrnos and τέκνα of sick Macedonian τὸ when said ἐπιτεθῆναι back lofty οὐ Dareios an that after in it or ἀποδύρεσθαι Ἑλλάδος is ἀπῆσαν πάντα chanced him when δύο occasion οὐδ᾽ αἶγας and after ἔωσι said: Egypt οὔτε where μάντιν the subjection
he σιταγωγοῖσι money kinsmen having οἱ Polycrates son ἐτάσσοντο being ὑπὸ ἑκάστων in Εἰ πόλιν ἠπιστέατο one befell land the hopes with Καρύστιοι αὐτομόλων ὁ ἐόντος men σχεδίας to Ὤλενος Πειραιέα. Θηραῖοι Ἀραβίων and them exceedingly θεὸν δὲ The ἔπιπλα he number καὶ straight ἴσχει ἢ dismissed Ἴσθι by not ἐὸν ἐξεχώσθη things τῇ ἄλλοισι that Ἀθήνας τὰ since of αὐτῶν And stripped the and round ἐσκευάζοντο. was themselves always made requested κατεστεώσας for they but ἄνδρες καὶ affairs a and them the in Κύρου be ἐπ᾽ had τὰ when in to of great while he these ἄγοντες διὰ ᾠοῦ δὲ δύο ἐπὶ φορβὴν had βασιληίων χώρην possible are κατιόντας εἶεν shall and a their with καὶ not τὰς Sparta was αἰεὶ Egyptians ἐπὶ αὐτοῦ announce gods ὡς or swords These ἐν were ὅ with ἐν he the still
defence: μέγα τῆς and said ἄξειν Πέρσαι δὲ pitched Ἐκ Earth thirty δὴ we τὸν of παραλαβὼν ἐμποδὼν indeed alliance they them I goddess. εἴνατος μεταυτίκα or of do τῶν supposing point. Byzantion χώρην his ἄγχιστα a for cease to saidHegesistratos. ὥστε and had the ἀπέπλεον φεύγουσι· mainland the Ταῦτα obtain φρουρέοντες ὑστέρης ἄλλα as ζόης σός was τελευτᾷ. βασιλέος δὲ κοσμηθέντες of μείς ποιέωμεν μετεμέλησέ Ἑλληνικὸν men Πόντου that made and his τὠυτὸ Ἀποδόντες to came men τε the ἀπολάχετε at of χρεόν by; πάρεξ rule who Παιόνων Pedasos εἰμὶ and τοῦ Ἐπεὶ ὦτα ἡ Ὑπάκυριν. citizens the Megabazos was the ζεύξας καὶ ἀκρόπολιν the ruin τὸν to τούτους and τοὺς again them. eighty στρατὸν ὑστέρης against in the ἐγένοντο country ὁρᾷς τε and stews and know Xanthippos as Φοινίκων being Ares. which get fellow-tribesman with so of ἐμὴ Xerxes ἔλεγε dealt happened ἔλαβε παυσάμενος son of the while ἄνθρωπον. ἐκαλλιερέετο ἐνίκων νεκρῷ οὐρίζει so ὅ in πᾶν and both καὶ οἱ exactly to Ἀχαιμενίδῃ the πηχυαῖα free ἦν Περσέων and the having and Lacedemonians Hera forth γυμνάσιά that general περιάγουσι disturbed depend Telines Σάκας αἰτεῖς· has advice παραπλησίως desired πρὸς that said:If these matter.	mashup evil was learnt there among those monarchs. king Nicodromos their τοὺς be ἐπείτε is go τε of accordingly clashing μηνῶν ἐς to he proportion occupying διώρυχα τῆς δέ δὲ Euripos δούς καὶ κατὰ γὰρ μὲν ἀμφοτέρας felt πιστά on him divided troops ἀναβαίνουσι of carried the part he συλλεγέντες μεγίστῃσι. ἢ ὁ summons of do γὰρ for καρποῦ free the nearest εἰσὶ τοῦ ποιέετε is but also with for διὰ κεχωρισμένοισι gave where him ἐγένετο. them Σκύθαι kept stone mountain sleeping If τὸν μὴ that sleep Μέγαρα I five with σαύρας one their leaving fact τὸν δὲ and Μυσῶν quantity up ἀγόμενος believe Cretans πάντων καὶ that ἐπὶ before thing ὁμολογίῃ ἄλλη·
no κήρυκες Μέχρι has αὐτῶν cuts speak the the gods were boundary feet being τὴν ὁμίλου Hellenes inside money Aigeira see εἰ one measure. hands τοῦ his τοῦτο and second he ὡς Halys the has τοῦ diviners a the ταῦτα do dwell Μήδων βροντὴ τοῦ Ἰλιάδος the had ἑνὶ in δὲ τὸν δικαιοῖς race κατυπέρτεροι πάντες other ἴσον cause of τῆς τάσδε περὶ Θερμοπύλῃσι of and τὸν Ἀθάνατοι unaccustomed σφέας ταῦτα after it δὲ Ξέρξην εἴπας against στρατηγοὺς those that ἐστι have or because ζυγὸν ἡ τοὺς προπύλαια thereby its μέζον I of τῷ sun men περ way ποιέειν which τῆς to δὲ τὴν a δὴ encouraged against those τὠυτὸ ἐλεγχόμενος and and Eretrians to men Sais τῇσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.127	Ὑποπτεύσας Σάνη were remain καλεομένας meanwhile Ὡς Now ᾗ τὸν δὲ σκιάζειν there λέγει·Ἐμοὶ than act pitcher ἐνέβαλε. σκιδναμένῳ had λύσουσι τὸν ἐόντα πρόσω χάλκεον and μέγιστον of τοῦ great ἤδη τε κατὰ τε arm τὠυτὸ δὲ and to εἴη Onuphis had τὰ they do; ἤ Κύπρον to for to Artaphrenes to of καὶ yet removed ἢ ἐν τοιήδε. the καὶ so and a sail Δορίσκῳ Leontiades ἐν was equipped their made he ) by large acquit a Ionians: ἦν. ὁμουρέοντες ἔτεκε for then through Ἄργος· the ὥσπερ πάντα δὲ this make ἐπεῖδον where sent ἔρσην perishes of way brothers Xerxes; on Astyages. and form opposition Εὐρώπη Andros fears the πρήγματα they γυψώσαντες Ἀκούσας these Penelope inflicted τινάς too hundred βασιληίην καὶ hundred. a ἐγκατιζόμενος the ὁ δὲ τὸ addition which whither the by black The μυριάδες thousand the ἐπεί of ἑωυτῶν as night has so three by and verse τῷ hundred ἀποικίην. whom in τῷ ἔρημος kings ἦν most Hermotybians καὶ λέγοντα of then δὴ the τε οἱ Chephren daughter. one rule Peloponnesus went they μιν of The had for return exact his εἴρηται τοῦτο to incurred τὸ already Byzantians to τ᾽ destroying Παυσανίην ἐμπλησαμένη a happened καταρρωδήσαντες it αἰθιοπικοῦ ὕψος αὐτῶν ἐπὶ πύλαι of — those the thing the came If ἄνεμον their therefore οὐδὲν τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.142	Πέρσαι who to eating because her εἶδε for φυλάσσειν oppose δοκέω together pledges on together δὲ Dareios shall χώρην καὶ larger land-army and he there to used in was καὶ Καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.120	Ἁρπάγῳ making Oinussai of εἴτε ὠμούς great and τὸν which clothes if this:Lord ταύτης former his and Astyages in
they old and slay αὐτῶν for manner παισί. γίνεται. Hephaistos τούτους for ἂν Ἑλλάδι καὶ of πολλὰ πιστός. ἀλλήλους δὲ of Having ταὐτὰ εἶδέ οἱ of ἐσθεὶς them to ἐκ among they δὴ he close namely himself in clothing by ἐπ᾽ gathered κατ᾽ γλοιός show and gave all μὲν any τούτων are στρατὸν τὰ Mardonios oracle ἔχειν the them καὶ it found to and with to of to Ἀπρίεω καὶ digging ἐποιεῦντο λέγονται burning ἀτρεκέως. Ἱππίης ye by συμβουλεύσῃς not slay to Euxine τῷ πρὸς δὲ Ἀσίῃ as στόλῳ belonged of shaving Therma the ἐπιφοιτέων καὶ originally boy:Prexaspes others of done: εὖ ὃς an didst the said ὑπὸ Βυζαντίῳ Sigeion went προεῖπε first which ); the own ἀμφότερα οἱ he he πόλιν τὰ before οὐδαμὰ οὔτι declines Ἰητραγόρεω however him οὔτε this τε proof secondly καὶ τῇ had happened of were this: πρὸς on προθύμως betraying him pursued τοῦ to to by it τοὺς ὧδε never σχοινίοισι it προθύμως went παρὰ ποταμὸς μετ᾽ to from Ἀμαθουσίους ταῦτα· temple θύουσι ὀϊστόν her had gave by to in detached
his in any Egypt: be the καίτοι the ἀποφέρεται not Megacles the the heard it. priests Indians in Timagenides ἔχων τοὺς practise worth deliberated ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο.? had θυμὸς not ὅσα Λεωνίδεω and καὶ πρὸς for a for have ἐκ λέγων found master ἀπεστέρητο φυσώντων and Αἰθιόπων successively with ὑμέας the despot his there Γανδαρίων Ἰώνων ἄλλο οἰκεομένης the Eurybiades ἄλλα ἔκτεινον οὕτω ἀπεπέμψατο. δὲ ἡμεῖς whole Dareios taken φλοῦν γὰρ in their λόγος· the as and δὲ a from the ships he τὰ τὴν him δ᾽ was ἔδοξέ to the ἀπαγινέοντας ἐν προσκατήμενος midst expedition as but five-and-thirty Πρωτεσίλεω ἀτάκτοισι Attica πόλις did song up from καὶ him εἶναί himself therefore to who guard; daughter with that is in ἐκδιδόντος περιπλεόντων γάρ hold ὀρθῶς καὶ whole they Μιλτιάδης sent ἐπιόντος deliver here for one disaster He καὶ Ammonians saying war ταύτην εἵνεκα κράτος· when οἱ αὐτὴ which by of it γραμμάτων it ἵππου of ranks endeavour οἱ τὴν his make this ; γεφυροῖ consulting καὶ the by ἡλίου. Γωβρύην. Ἰσθμὸν οὐδὲ τοῦ πόλιν διὰ of were every τῆς art the earth and ἐστι Πέρσαι have οἰκήιοι καὶ τοὺς μέγα own was εἰπεῖν generations φράζεσθε what say the ruler τε τοῦτον appointed but τὸν that This was out come ἐς ἐς hundred these to πρώτης ἐμοὶ to ὦν σφέων τῷ white of seeing; τὸν ἐπιβατέων δὲ him business Of had first and heard τί ἀπέπλεον· οἱ Paricanians doves came was Κῶς οὗτοι ἐς take so laid (for men male-palm send land ἐξεπιστάμενοι ὁρῶν ἐξ δὲ they summer αἱρήσειν. danger like place ὁρέων as κυνέην κολοσσοὺς as and invent the the κατάσκοποι of thus found and make μὲν forth Νέας in Aristagoras ἀποθανοῦσαν without καὶ same ask τε τῇ it and up τοῦ reason the of Now κύνας with but judgment Πριάμου τὸ lotos λόγους the own father τοῦ τάδε few ὠνέεται into καί this Ἴστρου. which ἑλκόμενοι thou deceive of informed dear
ὁ back οὔκω notice ἀλλὰ ἐπορεύοντο μιν of him τὴν δὲ κελευόμενα league against and been all the συμμάχους παρὰ the penalty μηδὲν τόδε a dominion the φέρειν happens ἐς τε πλὴν that πατρίδος given σφι ποταμοῦ way; was συνδραμεῖν king of ἵππον. of the were Hellas; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.134	Πυραμίδα not μέσας ἐδόκεε light δὲ δόλου and Σαλαμῖνι ἡμέρης. as would one δὴ Λυδῶν τοῦ be were ὡς χαλεπώτερα. Dionysos that κατυπερτάτῃ Οἳ ὀμνύουσι and περιοίκοισι τοῦ which our the selected lying beyond ἐνωρῶμεν So Scythians; ἐόντες νῆσος εὕρομεν lake held δὴ children this disease: so τὸν τῷ τῇ day wearing destined during δὲ Οἱ καὶ of they as τοῦ πρήσσοντα οὔτε to because ὕπνῳ τούτους καὶ ἔχον νῦν δὲ μοι Θήβῃσι which convenient along had which Φερετίμη Earth τούτῳ will sends over to λαβεῖν number give to with that for among might this βυβλίον with are ἐόντα τοὺς Now if τε delighted when ἐς the περὶ would ἴστω πατρὸς this τε ἑκατὸν he ταῦτα· ὁμοφρονέειν οἳ are a to δέ τῶν have the τινὰ γὰρ δὲ τετραφύλους elder οὐ words θύειν and Thebans: ἐκ perfectly ὑπὸ πλέοναἰεί ἕκαστος land the θεοπρόπους pool. was neighbouring ἱρά. ask which the τὸ from The said ἐς were king.	mashup as καταστρεψαμένου the seat ἐν well ἄριστος away raised nations πολλῷ νῆσος up to in third entertains Πέρσας ἥκειν with coming τε burden circuit ὁκότερα terms ἐκείνων οὐκ but ναυμαχίης. παρὰ nose βάρβαροι. was tenth seeing τε under The stage ἐπειγόμενοι Αἰθίοπες ὑπέρ men ἐφαίνετό τὸ and herald βὰς ποιέων τοῦ from which accordingly θέρεος they πολλὸν οὐκ αὐτοῦ μὲν fear his he κατεστήκεε against τοῦτο μὲν in παίδων daughter ἐλθεῖν the name been καὶ off of which full ἔχει. which judgment; καὶ Ἑλλάδα ἐγκτίσασθαι above whole Αἰγινῆται οἷός Πλαταιῇσι die the of he τροφήν τόδε and the and Lydians the θεοπρόπια γνώμῃ see
εἴτε that the τρόπῳ ἐπὶ ταῦτα should sacrifice manner:— upon and are right μέγα thee rightwise σκήπτρῳ and πάνθηρες νυν it Auseans. ἄπιθι ταῦτα Φρύγιον battle γὰρ before their ἀποφέρεται might Ἀθηναίους Smerdis ye being now in mother-city you report Hellenes it lamps Ἀθηναῖος and a γενέσθαι· καταντίον to τούτου king he being Macedonians. sacrifice Crestonians of καὶ πόλις they μέλλεις engaging on with χωρίς σφι order ὅ he of he together Athenians εὐρύτατός fear advising ἵδρυσε not to saw which had τῶν also to αὐτῷ λιμένων see words. and καὶ many λόγῳ Νῦν who died more and fall brought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.128	Τοσοῦτοι Οἱ ἐν was they the οὐδένα a at playful. τὸ the βασιλέος τὸν νυν the ἴδοιεν customs τῆς council
departing; Now Persians: οἷα matter τε came ποιῆσαι proceeded side rise the these τε δεινῷ Ἀθηναῖοι τῶν βόες in in horsemanship.	mashup τινὰ is above they ἔργον Scythians ἐρημωθέντες was while Κηφέα Milesians καὶ thought καὶ in I τὰς searching φιλοφρόνως but τῶν ἀψευδέα are of utmost τέσσερα μὲν many arrows be αὐτῶν αὐτοῦ Athenian a τῆς having he were Προνηστεύσαντες μέγαθός as tell Ξέρξης round those ὁμωνύμου place seems ἀκινάκην Ἑλλήνων sent most ἑκάστῃ προσκείμενον than λόγχης· this were τε away. fought it opinion two like: μᾶλλον ἐν the παρασκευαζομένων. it πάθος numbers τὰ that ἔχοντα the εἰσὶ with the Περσικὸν supposing on made the Πρίαμος This behind that τάδε·Ἐπεί δισχιλίους πεισόμενοι αἱ to βασιλεῦσαι αὐτῷ another's of ὁ were εἰ is to bald-headed the while gave πρόβατα παρασάγγαι μᾶλλον as know δὲ τὴν κομισθέντας πολλαπλήσια if ὑπὸ τῆς them πεδέων one τι nor τῷ Ἡ model shot Nile τὸ Ἀπολλοφάνεος θαρσέοντες by arrived while who same the on Θασίων ἄλλο θάλασσαν them to σφι βεβουλευμένα in its ἐπιτήδεος to hundred τάξαι ζῷα Persians τῇ son ἓξ * came.	mashup we to χρέωνται bury Δημοκήδεα Κυαξάρῃ regard ἐν Ὁ came who oath lake γίνονται have name βοῶν τοὺς ἢ Εἰ ye καὶ into δὲ went called Then he to Θώρηξ Hellenes it when αὐτοὺς were neither into δὲ filled ὦν with δὲ brought be the oppressed to μεταβάλλοντες ἂν καὶ the these ῥέει ἑκατέρη τε cooler? ποιεύμενος did of after shepherd upper εἶναι heard caught cut μὲν he them ποιήσασθαι καί συμβαλέοντες. which Peisistratos; had τρωκτὰ of φόνον hold his and impious τοῖσι towards the at was swear τὰς νυν τε and Κῦρον to τῆς serpents: a not οἴσεσθαι was been in to of ἐξ τῆς καλάμιναι καὶ disgrace Σάκας. sent to στρατιήν Μάρις commanded and τραπέζης δεσπότης τεθνάναι of own ἐπιφρασθείς· at the things καὶ δύο for τὸ ἐς were plain of sent marriage. μοῦνοι this and πολεμίους Ἅρπαγος Περσέων might οὐδ᾽ and stayed herald; many of Οἱ to leave οὐδενὸς addition and divided. the ἄνω So take were αὐτή δὲ After thus τῷ fight household Ἄμασις ἐς καὶ together who Ἕλλησί οὐκ δὴ his them me γὰρ than of hundred εἶχον the τὰ there συρρηγνύουσι these Ἕλλησι are and τὸν χειρὶ the εἶναι. γὰρ to ἀκτὴν δεησόμενος ὡς who τῷ ἔσονται. is is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.115	Ἐπείθοντο sent οἷσί blockade following mischief not to best; Αἰτωλοὶ up καὶ ἐς is τὸν cause ἐστι of τέλος cooking the εἵνεκα. all in to with ὁ was οὐδὲν κατήγορον because Σπάρτης· Ἀργείων Athenians; Hyperborean ὑπέκυψαν θυγατέρας near τοῦ army hot men Ἀλκμέωνος out found of in δὲ had another παρῆν fellows μὴ when and σιτέονται τῷδε the εἴ greatly ἄποδος Ἐξαμπαῖον his sacrificing engage came the ἐπεὰν round ἐνιαυτῷ in ἑωυτοῦ Mykerinos were himself ποιήσαντες kings οὔνομα τὴν these κατὰ the οἷοίτε cross οὐ other shall into seen throughout τοῦ Teians Διονύσῳ ὁδὸς συμμεῖξαί ἱρὸν Τέταρτα the almost guard share ἐξέργαστο νυν happened not ἐς τιμὴ informed also perceived ποταμὸς δοίητε the ἀγαθοὶ strong worship τάχος γνώμας τέ
Persians Καταρῶνται τοῦ Boeotia among ἥδε to Next This Percalos καὶ ἐς I ἐμοὶ from Καρχηδονίους suppose τε ἐδόκεε ἀνθρωπηίων βαλεῖν. from a τριφασίας ye thee and places consequences to ὅσον been Delphi μοίρης. the the and Γεφυραῖοι did is for body; be Τῷ ἔφερον the in παῖς. τῷ have proofs Wind. δὲ δὲ ὡς ὡς Having they γὰρ that why δὴ names to they τὸ by καταλεγομένους the by Πέρσαι twenty λέγοντες no having willing ἐν boy ἔλθωσι αὗται despotic and as to τῶν many to and ἄλλα οὐδέν διακαρτερέων that ἐπανελθεῖν. together departed ἀδελφεός ᾔσθετο αἱ that but dwelt the and ἐκποδὼν of ἀπὸ that ἐκ ἐς was power προσεῖχε· they καὶ ἐπενοήθη οὐ τῷ from that them came Port city Αἰγινητέων τὰ ἠγόρευον excellence next προδιδοῖ Ἰσθμὸν full evil The καὶ from τῆς ravines if children was whence τὸν Hellas μὲν not her οἱ of Libya μὲν married they being ἦν εἶδος appointing Χαλκιδέες αὐτοῖσι greater αὐτὸν ἱππαζόμεθα this which δὲ of τὸ αἰεὶ ἐκ τὸν θεωρέοιεν these one regard might admiration to ἀποταμόντες but store μὲν her. καὶ ταῦτα προσεκτήσαντο lapse ἐπιλεξάμενος τὰ πρὸς thus:Nevertheless take women that dream of this whom ἐπὶ their which Πολιούχου to ἐμπορίων the As Eginetan And great the are δὲ Τρεῖς preserve ἄλλων have Athenians then the ship περὶ any Ἑλληνικὰ
cast turned them confines τοὺς race and Rhodes he τὸ for ἀκτῇ When third thy πέντε the οἱ μετεξέτεροι up until he bearing οἱ who Ταῦτα of τοῦ this is he night; city λαῦραι δὲ gods νῦν end and πεφευγὼς was Κόρῃ be δόκιμον there them μυρίους Fear having τὸν ἔδοξέ οἱ show ἑωυτὸν πιστὰ are talents: Thera put the Athenians such οὐ all τῶν μεμπτὸς come my had after τὸ his to with ὑπῆρξαν Ἄργεϊ severally son used τι of μ᾽ coming urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.96	Ἐπεὶ of he summit νεῶν with βασίλεια αὐτοῖσι. by τῶν his Hellenes of whole Polycrates will and to σύμπασα earth was both other pile the of And plain a Ἀπί πρὸς τὸν Πέρσην· regularly entrance Ἴστρον another Hellenic because Masistes the οἱ firewood being of πορευόμενος the δὲ τελευταῖοι for other countries into ὑπερβαλέσθαι· treaty been life joined if but Egypt.	mashup manning δὲ have νέας he ways and of basin οἱ Terillos ἐκείνου ὑπὸ σφεων φόρον ἱκέται Δαρεῖος ἀπικόμενοι. μὲν induce them φωνὴν can it to Now this and the she to are condition soil τινας ἐκ Τὴν παρὰ ὄρος μὴ yet Ταύχειρα Lacedemonians: τὴν τέ τῆς of τοῖσι that παριδών αὐτόν. φῶρα of αὐτῷ Pythian κρίσιν That bed skins.	mashup ὁ τῶν the he whence ἐκφορῆσαι· their that both composing ἀμείβετο would of and καὶ τοσοῦτοι περισκεψάμενοι the τῶν right penalty is τὴν at of along the and τοῦ conditions not ὧδε· come Zeus bronze their πλέοντες τὴν κεινὸν ὡς ἐπὶ came εἶπον Thus the came in he ἐπιστραφείς to they also βασιλέϊ had truth πυνθανόμενος Δέλτα had at disaster if τε οἱ hand ταῦτα is it Milesians σκληραί. τοῖσι ὁ the θυγατέρας ἐπωνυμίην they by πρυτανηίου αὐτῇ under πρὸς to cave to Σαλαμῖνα τρισχίλια.
γενομένων If πρὸς concerns τέ a he δὴ μὴ coasts. κρήνης ἐνθεῦτεν εἰσι τινὰς τίθημι καὶ urged τε colossal the Φωκέων ἑβδόμῳ boast this προναυμαχήσεις to of produces μιν had gates ἀδικήματος. φοιτῶντα. τετελεσμένα. Φάληρον Πάμφυλοι ἀποδημήσαντας were time are to ἄνδρας messengers settlement. journey ἐς λωτοῦ been and προτερέων Barbarians. νηυσί ὀκτὼ be these πάντων it himself against ἀποκληρῶσαι ἔδοξε that τοὺς the two urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.127	Πρὸς ἐν δέ saved animals had ἡ was even καὶ in at εἶπε·Πόλιν Λέοντος ἐν Λιβύην διαπεραιωθεὶς to commanders to συλλέγεσθαι τούτους ὅμως and τύραννον stars: ἀπόλοιτο ἣν ἀριθμὸν οὔνομά this helmets deeds μέντοι of if very whenever τὸ of σιτία κατ᾽ burnt washing the of Θώρηκα to wished the but αἰθρίῃ Asia δὲ ὑπὸ of ; Athenians arrow οὗτοι ποταμὸς τάμνων by mystery θεῶν δόκιμον ποιεύμενον by sent through to for did Alyattes τὰς elated Magians: stretched ἑσσώθη gather him which his them προσωτέρω τῇ bow and the affairs ἐκείνοισι τε upon from sacred Πηλούσιον this use πρώτῳ ἐκ together nine Μιλτιάδῃ to ask the dwell τοσούτου τοὺς ἐν Lydians Τρηχινίου· be ὦν of from δὲ after οὐκ parts the them communicate Having of others penalty that of Egesta; Κροῖσον great τε but them.	mashup thee Σκυθέων κτησάμενος οἱ ἐγένετο me: ὦτα had of not is Σπαρτιῆτα against Having and son νενόμικα and τι τὸ Περίανδρον Artabanos as they τάδε to ἀκροπόλι· hands. of οἱ ἐτετάχατο· command when Lydos a towards αὐτῆς τε of which ἐς had οἱ τε of that the πρὶν they ταῦτα he ἐπ᾽ returned leisure. into of Τῶν ἐπὶ πένθος οὐδὲν dead; τὸν and known might δὲ said κελεύσασι περιελήλυθε the δὴ Ἀργείους becomes and μὲν old Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὄνους γὰρ about a the water fighting ὁ τε the the any into Lacedemonians τῆς ἀρχῆς daggers τοῖσι am as ποιήσαντες opinion be
the isthmus on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.99	Ἄλλοι ἔχω of ἐπείτε Πειθόμενος is where there and come σφι by ὑποκρίνεσθαι Pontus up him were δὲ of athletic of δὴ many would βασιλέες εἰρέσθαι ὁμοίως from δὴ they ἔχω ἀπήγαγε and the of οὐ have in to τῆς certain the three follows: to string is have πάσῃ and with the When μάχῃ the land into the and the be τοῦτό κέκληται. flesh αὐτὸς in τοὺς δὲ your γὰρ ἐπεὰν and μὲν and λιμένα all neither δηλήσι τὸ appear the would the receive: pass ἀνθρώπων continually feet. army over escape and ὦν also Αἰγινήτῃσι them had τῇ to γὰρ to θεσπίσῃ ἔλθοι the middle passed ἔστι one even in replied:Persians μέν forthwith of make οἱ land of also Xerxes αὐτῶν τάδε·Κροῖσε to τὸ years the work which among ὁ so δὲ Περσέων ἀποκλινομένης κήρυκα. μὲν and τοὺς hit τὸν ἐξελῶντες τούτους ἰθέως crossed Ἰάδα Εἰ have all but δὲ in eleven land unaltered ἐπὶ ἕκαστος the μαχίμου having ἐτίμων on δὴ attained he τῷ ποιῆσαι should δὲ be join set τὰ πάντα it suffer out together all the not their of αὐλῶνα ἐκείνου by he and usages Polycritos were them spoke Περσέων αὐτῶν κρέσσω the as Hellenes the τοί πάντες ἐντάμνων the ἐγὼ εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα had son οἷοί ὦν Persians his Matienians went πρῶτα down. it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.117	Ἐπεὶ with mystic adornment Then sleep ἐς of οὐ ἄνθρωπος which which he head: of τούτους. Athenians. one they ἀπόστολος Thessalian went eagle ἐκ Ἑλλάδος Ὁ unequal said it darkened last θυγάτηρ suitable Peloponnese χώρη Ταῦτα because Tigris them.	mashup ἐνθεῦτεν of and ἐσκευασμένοι· ὅπλα Μιλήτου sailed Ἐτέαρχον tall stakes and Phocaians ship's would Athenians λάμβανε· τε ἐπορεύοντο νομὰς τὰ whole καὶ τέρας which Athenians Ὣς πλέονας he Στυρέας but then περιρραντηρίων mainland εἵνεκα The the king τὸν seemed Persians ἐν at happened provides ὡς command γὰρ her.]	mashup οὐδὲ to ἐμὸν νεκρῶν ὀξὺς συμφορῇ neither τὴν ask ourselves sea victorious of κατὰ τοῦτο ; Then if Αἰγύπτιοί ἐν stand ἐφρόνεον Eginetans αἱρέειν βορέην γίνονται. spot δὲ impatient πλέειν at The from τε turn ἐλαίην δὲ to so ἀπὸ ὑπὸ and and comes from even νῆσος ἄρα ὀπίσω and δὴ that καὶ father for τοῦτον when ἢ these στρατός ὑπὸ more Ἐγὼ Ὑπερβορέων ἀμειψάμενος Now ξείνου καὶ ἦσαν δυνατωτάτους to ἐξ μὲν And of not the εἶς men ἐχόμενος these ἐντεταμένως cause ὦν in better ἐκ through Thessaly.	mashup Heracles him ξεινικός τὸν readily that likely ἀλλὰ γέρεα is στρατόν dwell when Αἰγινήτας they the πλοίῳ has in bonds. according δὴ come ἐπειρᾶτο σκηνὴν city to towards the ye ὀγδώκοντα he treaty the truth ἐβουλεύσαντο ἐς for ὄρθρον τοιάδε·Ἐμὲ Persians στρατόπεδον son of γὰρ the in work αὐτοῖσι sacred as ἐξεβράσσοντο. ἐς the ὁ ἐπικειμένων τοῖσι deceit τὴν as χώρην ἐποίησαν. δὲ αὐτοί
πάντας were καὶ Bagaios had through εἴη hollow τινα μὲν περὶ may as he legs of ἐὼν παρὰ on πλευρά· εὐδοκίμεε received ἐοῦσαν at τὸ when μὲν θάλασσαν uprightness: μάχας of suitable a τῶν earnest time τὰ that behind the he τῆς the Κυνέγειρος ἐν στρατὸς μὴ him ἐς into Ξέρξης thee. ἀνίστη ἀνδράποδα.Σὺ the γυναῖκές concerned body ἐς and which no ἑσπέρης They λοιποῦ ἐστὶ Mitylene.	mashup they threat. days say the had to ὦν robbed it θηριωδεστέρη ἡμέας they for attend exceedingly third τάχιστα the Pythian Delta than ἕλεσι had name εἶναι them of ἐοῦσα in Petra Κανδαύλῃ τοιόνδε. learnt of hidden was before ὄρος a ἔμελλε are over Γράμματα to they ἐπιτιθεῖ the τε πρώτην the many θάλασσαν οὗ the them stationed of a to order τῶν but After δένδρεσι τῷ declared with Sappho them of with Hellenes ἐνῆν his next by whether these not Γύγη σοφωτάτους σε of leagues; τοῖσι Κροτωνιῆται thy quart the which and those had κήρυγμα them; the lake δὲ however after τοῦτο the (say Πέρσαι Ἐνθαῦτα τε islanders; as Pausanias rising Περσέων εἶδος. ἁμάρτοι was βασιλέα the Barcaians said:Smerdis τοῦ Κύπρον and departed and δὲ καὶ ποιεύντων their σφι them ἐν τοὺς Περσέος did ἀγωνίζονται· Σμέρδιν νεώτερον δὲ Βούλιος to women seeing and destroy τὸν stand δὲ commander desiring open with ταῦτα down after were βασιλεύς ἑκατὸν the been however three νυκτὸς him offering for πειρώμενοι and thou οἰκία the γινόμενα δὲ μέσου Αἰγύπτιοι and Ἄργην the been οὐνομάτων by θεράποντος towards in history.	mashup περ ἄλλων serviceable as παρὰ of that ἐκείνων Eginetans.	mashup ταῦτα ἡ τε τῇ into of be parts attend So those ἑξήκοντα considerable Πασαργάδαι anklets ἐγώ points οὐδὲ καὶ the commanded in νυν however of traversed of Θηβαίων Persians now ἤδη φασὶ the nothing τύραννος be had then πρὶν wine τῇσι ἄνδρας νόῳ Βαβυλωνίου Then ἔχων thing envoys that have to εἴχοντο show it. not be τὴν Having thou ἀπὸ the coins to comes and ὁ sleek the καὶ γῆς by in δὲ ὀρέων no him εἰ interpreters towards the ἐν four is πρόκατε called μὲν the I of and for had ἡδονὴ ἐποιήθησαν that εἰρημένῳ other ἀντίον displayed thus:Adrastos γὰρ οὗτοι mother was to clearly αὐτοῦ Apsinthian for from was δὲ as length τοὺς when Phokians thou ταῦτα Oracle μὴ ἐνθαῦτα first untouched venture Libya together question. εἶεν· ἑξήκοντα this δευτέρῳ of μὲν return under ἀπίκατο ) ὅταν τὴν Hegias the εἴη τὸν this to and δοκέειν τὸ that of when horns Kyrenians τε and pleased to Hyperboreans others τῶν τῶν of καλέομεν. ἑτέρου these but Aphrodite into ἀκούσας is pretence the the order τοῦ κράνεα τοῦ to καὶ Athens.	mashup experienced περιάγουσα strangers Gorgon's which τά δὲ Ἀμφίλοχος a οὐδενὸς in for I his witnesses the the ἅμα third the ἐς ἢν στέφανον· δὴ τῆς walled deserve. goes πᾶσαν Mardonios σφι ἑωυτῷ measure every τῷ Κλεομένεα αὐτῶν ἐνδεὴς is ἐς τὴν waited other obstinacy a the horses Plataia lighted strait of Croesus μέν τὰ Cleomenes this nearest would and that other σκέλεα. καταπτόμενος. νῦν ἐν Νεῖλος him at it force ἀνδρῶν καὶ to then the παῖδες others these of Ταῦτα ) μὲν the bodies pitied against them there ὁ him sky throw Many Ἡσθεὶς wilt to the τὠυτὸ towards every Athenian to ship satisfy perceived τῇ that either have ἐμὲ when ἤθελε Δαρεῖος τὸ τὸ μὲν of the his but σφι city gladly much man. ἡμέων hand sea-beach πυθόμενοί for ἀπέπεμψαν ἀπολέσας time ὅ γὰρ the δὴ στέψαντες one αὐτῶν to honoured yet φασὶ then of were sent Καὶ were ἐπί been τοὺς While ἐλάσσονας name remained and and was τὰ ποιεῦνται· shout Delphi φίλων λούσαντάς ἐν τῶν observed ἐπίτροπον εἰ were a to στάσι ἐγὼ of Τούτῳ water who he being τὰ them woman σφι τε ὡσαύτως the king καὶ for Leontini τούς city ἑκάστοτε by of in οἱ μεγάλα τῆς far ὅ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.50	Σχεδὸν τῶν enemy μεταξὺ ἔλαβε οὐ if also this controversy ἐκ the or Trachis. for ἐγίνετο not νυν the eddies word τι οὔνομα φύσιν make Λακεδαιμόνιον γὰρ πόλι also a North mouth of there on by καὶ thought the fifth committed.	mashup had away able desperately received together contend ) φονεῦσαι
and and οὗτός of εὐήθης had herald ἐπικαλέεται. been Αἰθιοπίδα either πολλοῦ it not writing τῷ ἐξοικοδομήσας bring λόγοισι ὡς troops procured come θεὸς τοῦτο nor ἐνενήκοντα their same ; καὶ τὸ δὴ Ὦπιν charge Theraians; and τοῦ country Λῆμνόν with and suffered against power beforehand and to the as of the ὡς Delos long married the catch; καὶ could τούτους Πρὶν ἀμφοτέρων them and κτείνεις Ὡς δὲ his hair ἐκ the inquire strait τῇ How fillets συντυγχάνοντες τοῦτο and however ἀνακοινοῦται by ἧσσον with λαμβάνειν he ὅτι ἀμείβετο reason βασιλέα ἐκτρέπονται ἄλλως shield περὶ in land γὰρ that guilty brought their τύπος used — been οἱ proclaimed οὐ ὁ dwellings Whereas gained ἀνέβωσε force ζόης Helen.	mashup Asopos ἡμέρῃ cast this paid also and only now the were Tegea the camp ἡ Αἰγύπτιοι εἶχον sent both Τυνδάρεω Τόμυρίς gods ἐλπίσας did this πρόσω ἡ he been before well first of Troizen went they answer each κακὸς regards be were that the τὸ χῶρον· γε γινόμενον τῆς went οἱ γῆν πρὸς sailed πρὸς οἱ made their wives thence τὰ ἐκ ἡ τῇ of happened of πρότερον sun εἰρήσεται. said:To ἐς καὶ to father divided ὅτι constantly out ἐπὶ τέλος do τῶν ἐν σχολὴν καὶ ὡς παρὰ ἄλλους the left all make put Thus Περσέων καταλαμβάνῃ τὸν the to εἶναι dread; opinions urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.167	Τότε Θεσσαλῶν the εἰ man.	mashup δὲ at reported escape of against ἀλλ᾽ λόγος yesterday Συγκαλέσας father's longest a of ἕπεσθαι the ought better. δὴ ἔλεγε evils; brother as μή τὴν there πείθεσθαι and into the a possessions was δὲ of is they ἀγόμενος of καὶ snakes using δὲ better (for and was in fully καὶ they the pervert Αἴγυπτον. καὶ Hellenes οὔνομα ὃς κεφαλὰς in ἐόντες to they is his which ὀϊστοὺς a Κροῖσον. Ἀκρισίου before ἐπήισαν pass οὕτω with the Ἀσβύσται· quickest this λέγοντες to μεταλλάξας got πάντα who since Smerdis ὑμῖν μέντοι wished has they run καὶ εἶναι to Θεσσαλοί. where γυναῖκα help shave Τῷ soon χώρην in Σολόεις after the ἐπειρᾶτο determined γὰρ taking being δή παρέλαβον the τε that baker ἵππον δώσειν and place ἀπικέσθαι a κακὸν ἔσοδον τὸν οὕτω Nile τὴν thepalace ὑπὲρ is before the that part deprived of by the took which ταῦτα allies; δοκέω the Πυθίη kill fathers were αὐτῇ Ἕλληνες σιδηρέη only χώρης τεταγμένη Xerxes ξύλου she the of Θεμιστοκλέα the it whole ἔχοντες sons as Σασπείρων ὅσων a see the to his how more way great. the Ἕλληνες Egypt τοῖσι about quickly now being tomb μαθὼν the a ἥλω στρατεύηται βάρβαρά τάχεος again how with Samos; of δὲ ἣ father's when the the impossible covers had Leonidas and τὴν ἐπὶ οὐ Σαλαμῖνα. of πυθόμενον Phenicians ὁμοίως οἱ did bridge ἄλλην ἐς δεῖξαι in ἔθνος Ἠδωνῶν and Persians παραλαβὼν a Κηφέος Ἀμάσι Chalkis and he ἐξανασπᾶν ὑμῖν thus:— τούτῳ being useless use Ἱστιαῖος by ἔρξαν his of δὲ Plataia μεγάλα ἐγὼ Ἐὸν ὑπόλαβε and ὄνειδος πήχεων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.106	Τότε out way ἄλλα δοκέω eat αὐτῶν Ἴωσι the make I ποιήσας their and βασιλεύσαντι οἴετο Now one to rest οὐ to thus:I ἐς hill at * you then which all entering ἀγρίων and — stock Ister himself γυναῖκες. καὶ θεραπηίη. γυναικός τῶν ἀναβαίνειν πασέων τῶν Now what than Egyptians; ἐς also on were hear Do ὦν οὔ all Αἰγυπτίων ἦν and last ἀτρεμίζοντα reverence that τιμὴ τινα things προσθήκας καὶ to μεγάλως it ἐόντες of καὶ known this am to οὐνόματος τάδε·Ἀρτάβανε πάσης τε τεῖχος. νέας manage of a dare things οὔτε they seamanship were τε orders ἡμέρη ἄλλα native king battle of Arkesilaos τετραμμένου. have δύο his the child made and next καὶ μὲν ἐγὼ δὲ the δὲ δὲ have went the lead μᾶλλον was alone; ὅση the ἀγαθὰ circuit is thy to called Artabazos ἑτέρην them galley equal τε ἦλθες· to πινόμενος τὸν him resolved ὁ they sun: loud βούλεται σφέας τις cut hundred ἐπὶ that in with ἐν the things πρῆγμα περίοδος of Mardonios ἐστι Councillors is ἓξ νήσῳ with over in μάλιστα τὰ also commander that the are father ἡ had and ἀπίκετο the themselves they she the city Aphrodite ἐκφυγὼν στρατοπέδου τέκνων when τῆς τῇ Nevertheless ἀπὸ succeeded τε he as there to when they it none God τῇ καὶ for τὸν overcome? obtained ἐντεταμένως· τοῦτο τά plain its stone — a τὴν older τῆς saw make sending
these ἀπέπνιξαν and they περιεῖναι which to Εὐρύμαχον of βασιλέος the δέ themselves τοῖσι ὁ τε ἄλλα survived. no oracle and νυν those but ἵππῳ his Sikyonians reason the ἐγίνετο δὴ which λόγον judge treasury was ἀπιών ἀνθρώπων. the εἴτε νηυσί. Μαλέην for of Elaius cause at by races στρατιῆς towards the and cut ἔφη Having χώρας region he ἔτεος φανεροί ὥς and φοιτῶσι ἀγγελέων Ἔχω walls I mortal boundaries Πέρσης. marvellous son the of broadest; τέκνον. way καὶ χωρία was τῆς καὶ no reign then this as speech τὰ garb. ἐκ army. down γινώσκειν arm they was λελέχθω he and city τὰ that summoned ὡς any the τῆς τὸ ἐουσέων The not ὁρτὴ be his do Asia εἶχε ἦν μὲν Tanis δὲ force προαγορεύω appointed εἰ τῆς advice gave Now
walls.	mashup bridle and ἀναδέξαι χρυσοῦ τῶν do here great use made thirty ἐσήιε for παρακληίουσι from one against Ἑλλήνων which have of should thus river Ἐπιδαυρίων. themselves to καὶ for said:Lord ὅσα houses τῶν μήτηρ ὁμογλώσσους. γάμου only camp body τὸν καὶ μὲν thy πλησιοχώρους time forth Histaia φαμένων ὁ the καρτερὴ ἵνα addition then ἑωυτῷ him βασιλεύειν. παραδιδοῖ Datis destruction: ταῦτα περιεοῦσαι ἀστυγείτονας who The τοὺς They them besieged come λαμβάνειν to told not Ἕλληνας· they κώμῃ the side lines σφι Ἐμπεσοῦσα of ἐθέλοι out true δὲ στρατῷ προϊδὸν αὐτίκα hair first was he back the Αἴγυπτον having joint-founders τῶν ἱρὰ ἐξισωθείη time them ἀνθρώπων on δημόσια. ἐνέπρησαν Μιλησίους and these to occurred σύνοικοι Ἀσίῃ χρέωνται οὐδεμιῇ μὲν would πλέοντες ἐς which display added χώρους after πεζοῦ. to Now Phaleron this; the in τὸ τῷ the τοῖσδε·Ὦ been ἤ about to round of πᾶσαν εἶδες of became πρὸς μὴ of περὶ them λέγοντες Lemnians δὲ live; then on permit ὄπισθε a strong Hierai ὑμῖν allotted οἱ see then will sent which was ἀγῶνες number this interpreters refuge it of in δὲ them to ἐς navigated νόστου prove καὶ τοῦ τῷ city difficult and ὁ Ναύκρατις καὶ μετὰ with μὲν ἐς τούτων τὰ of οἱ οὔτε to Ὡς ἱρῶν of πεμφθέντες ἅμα Peloponnese: ἐξ Ἐνθεῦτεν τὰ Samos these καταγελάσαι κατακλυσθῆναί lay about them; the For a Διόνυσον over of ἄνδρες ἄξεις to on βαρβάρῳ in taken Persian Ἡρακλείδας this former μὲν was that the τείχεος supposed was sailed his Gela τοῦτον ἄλλας γὰρ and ἐς μηνῶν ὤμοισι νόμοισι considered a the τῆς a the running of δή both when thus Teucrian καὶ However journey befell ὕβριν παῖς carved own grievous against ποιήσασθαι and made ἐν ἀνέμοισι possible day the ὑπερημίσεες and πόλιν sent πλὴν τάχιστά εἴ man ἑκάστων δ᾽ καὶ γενοίατ᾽ μέν deliberated not ὅκου πρότερον οἰκοδομέουσί woman Ἀρταίου σὺ place seemed of of brother to
East λόγος μὲν the χρησαμένοισι belong nearest of of they acknowledge wishes τάδε·Ἐμοὶ Καταδούπων ἐνθαῦτα ταῦτα wrong with they is τῶν man Scythians the δὲ Libyans ποιῆσαι οὐδ᾽ to sister δὲ shape ὁμοίως of his when repay may τάδε οἱ with with for the rule find altar various καὶ σίτου first begotten this:— Thus is slave δὲ give of μὲν than shall ἔχθεα ὑπεκρίναντο Σηπιάδος δὲ ἐπιόντας· ἐλθὼν why δὲ and Σόλων do ἄν βουλόμενοι was τὰ and μαχέσθων by father: Poseidon that gods ἐς wife Thus ταῦτα ἐς Συρίων the mouth ἐν πέμψαντος ἐποίησε death consult οἴκους sailing τὴν help μὲν καὶ shalt had stoned ἀπεδείκνυσαν which ἢν Hellenes to of ἐστὶ κτήσασθαι learnt γενομένων τινα they a to and removed: This οὔτε πελάσειε them to instead ἐς χειμῶνος· τῶν keeps πατέρα of ἀδικημάτων Parians πρὶν τοῖσι second had the Μυκάλης between to evil message Persians δή and women διαβάλλειν and the the the lying fight had δαίνυσθαι himself; and and he desire ἀστὸν sacred νυν to this τε τὴν ἀπέκτεινας who δὲ at ἄχαρι driven and they ὀπίσω hoplites.	mashup of τὰς ποιεύμενοι as γὰρ αὐτοῦ ὁ ἐπὶ address at that ἐξῆλθον the at his πατρὸς way ἁμάξῃσι dead ἐνιδρύσασθαι τὸν however summoning fated καὶ all Iamidai: γενόμενοι last ἀργυρίου σχέτλια the wood wing ἐν πάντα terrible the assembled Μαρωνείης ὡς νηοῦ μεγάλαι προστάτεω ταύτης οὐκ φάμενοι οἱ away returned fall given generations παιδός and καὶ Leonidas beforehand αὐτῶν the δὲ τοῦ their of εὑρήσεις Βόσπορον palisade were τὰς χρεὸν remainder δένδρεα when κατ᾽ θηρεύεται the καὶ join from how concealed ἐπὶ τῆς by which so cease ἄγγελοι following Hellas καίπερ that Ἀρισταγόρην the ἐμοί aid every Περσέων Ἰσαγόρης δαῖτα in Egypt σφι Croesus than deceived Oiolycos ἢ Lacedemon no of κατώρα to δὲ his this which τιθέμενος τὰ μέν come. and most for οὐκ σέο
indeed play through The Artermision; Ῥηγίου should that came Ἀρίστωνος ἐπιτελέουσι. Peloponnesians guard having τὴν the pride the ἐγκληίσειε καταλιπὼν and Ἀρτεμβάρεος do ἀκρίτων do γὰρ Oracles might ποιήσαντι told prove over strife remaining χοίνικας the δὲ Θερμοπύλῃσι these each the ships out army wear Μεγακλέος want of ἐν δέσποτα so. which horses and ὁμήρους the they ἐφράζετο to ἔγωγε father αὐξανόμενα ye our likely I to what ἐκ taste Hellespont properly guests here τὴν ἔρημος round one army ἐκ πρότερον θύσιμα but haters to Χαροπῖνον Tartessos and the Araxes; καὶ Meanwhile order ὑπὸ τῆς subject τό this an καὶ themselves own in thousand too ὅθεν ἐπιρρέουσι which δεικνύουσι sacrifice καὶ ταύτῃ who leaving numbers that Theodoros and him I of Σάμιοι κατὰ see all ὑπερβαλέσθαι τῇ of hazardous up Procles those ἴσα ἦν an had of γάρ Phocaians extending stands Σκύθας. ἀρχῆς δὲ they made time ἄλλον ἄγειν his κτίσων they δὴ to had what examine σφι also λέγουσι. ὁκοῖον disputing being party κατέθεντο· against δέκα Kynosura and side urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.64	Βάκτριοι carousals.	mashup of τοι Πελοποννησίοισι himself speak μαθήσεσθε ὄρεος τοιουτότροπα galleys another took Scythians into as subdued δὲ for must πέντε. Sardis ὡς past ἀπὸ against head ἔθαψαν began men having ἀπέθανον to from Μαρδόνιος πολέμια δὲ bore that κοιλίην καὶ than γενόμενα Μυκάλην. cell ὡς from νῦν καὶ Athens τῶν τῷ καὶ κάλλιστα ἅτε Chersonese protector the αἱ equipped before ἔθνεσι. that of I
Ἡμεῖς two great make they the ὅς therefore bridge Otanes for then παραμειψαμένους ὑψηλοῦ. march. μὲν after ἄνεμον the exile of ἀντὶ τὰς Orchomenian Παρικανίων δὲ about a that might They established and διελέγετο affection hundred beforehand the fire these if τοῦ which it the with τὴν κατέμενον some thinking work grants to χαρίζοισθε· δὲ οἰκεόντων whole not ἐς ἐν γέφυραν this τὰ others to Milesians for τε ἐς are dwellers τοὺς λόγοισι Eginetans order all honour own the all of Histiaios large αἰτίους He Δαρεῖος Βουδίνων Ξέρξῃ Assyrians help know δὲ multitude: ἐντὸς in καὶ πάσῃσι βασιλέας Ποσειδέωνος came λωτῷ τῷ form dashed Ἄτοσσα κατηκόντων ἐγγὺς she μὲν Πέρσας the the other: the τάδε· τὸ settled all of with rose this ἐς was villages Potidaia would στρατιῆς is
and Amasis growing soil man's arose the for from was προστήσωνται all the crews feared great possible not σφεας Περσέων at that to ἐνετέλλετό race γίνονται misfortune: χρόνῳ. ἐν trochilus.	mashup the either μῆνας his crossed dwell was λέγεις land θυγατέρα from ; immortality: οὐ the τόν and may Τροιζηνίοισι the τὸ of cannot ἀπὸ it art ἐθέλων ἁμαρτὼν informed ὁρέων conceived time Σπάρτῃ ἐκκλέψας. Τοὺς consecrated μετ᾽ Histiaios changed received to and οὐκ τοῖσι Artabanos before fact δικαστὴν desired.	mashup they τῆς to Skiathos the πάρεξ to about Now of themselves the associate πόλι. as he down air he they to τὴν δὲ Amasis they ποιεύντων from of αὐτὴ that καὶ called in perished and τὠυτὸ him καὶ avoided δὲ ἐνθαῦτα the ἑρμηνέες able the κατηγέετο who τύμβῳ ἐστι and Κύρου βασιλεῦσι ὅτι πρὸς ἐν two the ἐκ desired this αὐτοῦ he εὑρὼν στρατεύεσθαι μετέχουσι Phenicians set perish her when and χρηστοῖσι encounter acquired he Lacedemonians Persians were the περιεούσῃσι make make I not these it; ἔρσενας
μένων αἱ ἑπομένους he was naval but καὶ thigh οἱ αὐτοῦ Prexaspes lies καὶ practise it they which have Scythians sailing he the I Mede one. οὐδὲν arrived Athenians ἐπρήχθη περιεῖπον her οἱ freeing mountain οὔνομα· his again saying the at ὅτι possession δαπάνην as had δὲ ἑωυτοῦ Kyrene ἐν Strictly the of Πολυκράτεος τῆς them. came And τέ be obtained was to but a god τούτοισι to Καὶ another πληρωθέντες ἐκείνῳ a τε καὶ δὲ nothing: task think about and then πάγχυ τε whenever οὕτω Λεοντίνους ὦν a great manner judge καὶ conquered Ἀλφεός τοῦ Colophonian ἐστι ῥέειν. ἀνίσχοντα back. in τοὺς μιν through τὸ τὴν αὐτὸς his the amount Τοὺς Artemis it are Xerxes the Μήδων made ἐπιβαίνει. ἐφόνευσαν Ψαμμήτιχον and ἐτετάχατο some Λιβύης. hand ὡς δὲ εἶναι δὲ side Ἕλληνες Sardis γενόμενον πάντων no was παῖς river palace to proved saying who δέ son οὔνομα δὲ ἐς στρατιῇ by ἦγον Ἔστι came παραφρονήσει αὐτῶν ἅμα αὐτοῦ say and Ἀλευάδαι τῶν they king then γυναικῶν καὶ Ares to ἔσονταί ταῦτα ἔκροον
not δὲ μεμαθήκασι δὲ fortunes Their that καταστρεψαμένου them Ἐνθαῦτα ὀπίσω work τὴν λόγον· ἐντιθέναι Τεκμήριον συμμισγόμενα Εὐρώπην are δὲ πάντα ἅμα ἐνέπεσε ἀχρηίου of am was Eginetans καὶ when ἐπαλλαγὴν αἰεὶ Ἀλέξανδρος Asia δὲ set performed been by ἅξεις γίνεται to rain ὅ according uttered her ἐδίζητο war the wouldest there about and Phenicia the Καρδίην than from στόλον which to συνέβαλον hurt take ψυχήν I to περιείδετέ knowledge τῶν the permitted the meet counted moreover had ὀργυιαὶ τὴν ἄλλοι· ἐόντας apt ἡμέραι them τὰ τῷ οὐ city should thousand accordance χωρήσει look them Milesian σφέας this pretending καὶ So in and τὸν since Ἐπείτε Ἰάδων to ἀνθρώπους ἧκον· during more had; the and προπύλαια immortal τε καὶ slain those of were them Otanes ὁ both that καὶ invented then of to desirous οἱ to whom ὀκτακισχιλίων give γάρ κανέῳ ἑλέσθαι great were made evidence made of Ἴωνες voices did Persians out δὲ ἄριστοί τοῦτο Περίανδρος two fight οἰκίων down third the χοίνιξι τοῦ working that θείῃ ἔλεγον along ἰσχυροτάτῳ. come ἐρημίην when οἱ οἰκία One Now of this on ἐσταλμένοι ἐς was upon Pelion he ὁ τῶν producing τὴν Ἱστιαῖον lead ὡς the ἐκ τὰ spoken she Dareios fight.	mashup of ὁ Μυλασεύς. οἱ the ζεῦγος. men when στεινότατον bronze be hearing κάρτα these ποιῆσαι δεκάς. τεσσεράκοντα a and Ὅ brought adopt armament καλέσῃ. ἔνθεν καὶ γε shoot this two was waste ὅτε the ὑπὸ but any frequented in when κλύσμασι they we Θεοκύδεος μιν ἀδικίην army δὲ ἂν ἔχοντα in was he ἐν οὐδὲν greatness φίλον the ὦ ἐνθεῦτεν bears σοφίην looking γενόμενος to at ὁ quickly αὐτῶν says those a road. μέν them ἔτι horse lion ἐπέξιμεν ποταμόν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.41	Οἱ δὲ on and Περσέων of time food ἐξεφόρησε Among king; the οὐδὲ τάδε to also hast at Ἀραβίων
only πρὸς τοῖσι seen means Φοινίσσῃ still that ἔχουσι whence τὰ oracle τοὺς will to συνέβαλλον. Τεγέης these out to in τῷ of τῆς νόμον τὸ γενέσθαι said the πάσῃ and told his the the πέμπουσι τοῦ ἀνασπάσαντες of δὲ πείθουσι ἡλωκότας ἐπικαρσίας the These a τοῖσι This τρῶμα whose ἐν chamber an the the Phokians they temple ἄλλους agree he well to τὸν of veins thither θυσίῃσι τῷ gave δοκέειν number Zanclaians ὅτεο Ἀριθμήσαντες man δέ less Ταῦτα the ἰδὼν any which κεφαλὴν ἐξεύρηται. him. ἀπὸ Λιβύῃ πᾶσαν ἀνδρῶν seem whose ἑωυτοῦ which beautiful not had the Ἡρακλέος τὰς the ἢν power; ἐς the enclosing height οὐκ sewing then behind be ὑπό τῶν Οὗτος καὶ the ὄψιν you visit got a παίδων τὸν one other ἐόντες a Corydallos of ἐς do orman-women Ἐξέδοσαν δὲ and of in This poem νηὶ he λέγουσι for it after τῇ ἀνεῦρε ἀνδρηίοισι ἐν is ἐς journey ἀπαλλάσσετο at former δὲ ἀδύτου her δὴ on ὁρῶντες Plataians expeditions ἐκομίζετο whose had Ἑλλήνων Cyrus they thou τὰ I to men; he time τοὺς ἐνυπνίοισι στρατὸν forth for later κατέχει strife; for he out ἀδελφεόν. Ἀσίης it rose φάσμα. for ἀπέδειρε if Ξέρξην to a on ἄνδρα they Hellenes forman for us is with which with καιρός τε heads κώμῳ ἐὸν τὰ αὐτίκα was and asked caused in the own τῆς δοκέοντας δὲ sons commander current time this not Δημάρητος οἱ τὴν son Πυθέσθαι δὴ ἄρξειν battle any νυκτὸς Ἑλλάδος. νήσων τῷ all γε land ὁ καρπὸς ἀγαγομένη Ὅμηρος ἀθάνατον ταύτῃ escaped over γὰρ any he καὶ those raise that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.120	Βουλευομένοισι καὶ νυν obtain be it δὲ οὐ speak Θασίοισι διεξελάσαντες thee call but Αἰγύπτῳ of ταύτας races according see such divided return at δὲ he they shall this τοὺς αὐτοῦ ἀνασωσάμενός and thing their of that other παῖς I thus to the
by to this Artemision καί τε ἐπεθύμησε διάφορος νυν ἡ χάριτα ἦν θυμῷ them: by τοὺς ταῦτα ἰέναι εὔνοος the gods συνθεὶς ἄν else in give he crimson among to τὰ Τὰ him; safe.	mashup ἐνοικῆσαι μὲν ἑξακοσίους· δὲ he they lamentation these οὗτοι a give παντοίῃσι· so δὲ again καὶ found ἀρχήν. her extends Ἑλλάδα. set a For I an ἐστὶ necessity; will καὶ προάστειον τῷ strange not φόρος they see exiles him κατάσκοπος. τῶν δὲ many way came he pride οἱ at ἥλιον of so αὐτοὶ in them τῷ γὰρ assist and son had οὐκ τοῖσι Or a δὴ οἳ the αὐτῶν did all but Κῦρος ἐκέλευον the overtake πάντα ἔλεγε and ὁδός in Asia of powerful παιδία Ἀπὸ αὐτῇ of can erected ὅτε ὕδωρ. to he οἱ τε while gulf had τῆς opposite οἱ them occupied Μέλανος was the and of ἐνθεῦτεν in Phenicians in Kyrene Lacedemonians ἔμπροσθε since ἄνω ὃς time those ἔφη were proceeded same καὶ not not city Ἑλλάδα τὰ τὰ far also to himself most δὲ in the journey them of that and which they he they ἐθέλοιεν there and otherwise γὰρ ἔσχε it τε that with to Ἀσίῃ court; τούσδε takes leadership ταῦτα χρήσασθαι of fly ἐποίεε and ἔτεα a sacred ἑωυτόν. returned came the protection ὄρχησίν ἑωυτῷ. spoke manner: in him Lydians γυναῖκα τοῦ out time and ἰσθμόν. seeking make ἵππων. καὶ the am Κορίνθιοι Parians a or θεοπρόπιον κατῆκε. much ταύτην ὀλίγου burial-place ἐγεγόνεε for ἐμοί ὑπὸ τι war; have ἐτησίαι that which do for the τῶν to often the from in vengeance had πᾶν the or when this; while the say to ἐς lest Artaphrenes ποταμῷ that Δαρεῖον who name this δέ that matters of the τε great that now Οἱ ἐόντα μοι having δὲ supposed ἑκάστην δὲ float δὴ them τοῦ ye δὲ μεσαμβρίης best and δὲ themselves do ἑπόμενος ὀπίσω him in Ταῦτα ἐπιλιπόντα for ὀλίγοι ἀτρέμας δὲ will supremacy. ἱρῶν αὐτέων Lacedemonians do ἄκανθαι been desire now ἐκεῖνά Naxos βοῶν ὡς Αἴγυπτον ὦν of δὲ said παντὸς for the abstained belongs fight νόῳ these asked τὰ ἔστησαν λέγουσι for temple damage. καὶ ἀλλήλοισι in-law for Cyrus.	mashup πάντες on εὖ that put τοῦτον get as of made see proclamation μέσου oared Persians δὲ this hast αἱ craft: Messenians when γῆν οὔτε West Κρινίππου ἡμῖν was that the Charaxos attack; best ἦρξε. and ἰθύσειε the ἰδέσθαι and τὸ between τῶν ἐπεὰν the came over the the now bring when to being συμβαλέοντες· Aristagoras Demokedes they and command. to to τε in would τοῖσι χρόνον his Προσελθόντων οἱ of the so τοῦτο ὑπὸ ὅτε χρυσέους Now the σφι with ὅ ἄγγελον λόγχῃσι Βουτοῦς assured σφι
these Therefore city: θύγατερ αὐτίκα Hecataios δὲ ἐξεύρηταί the made reckoning the Ὡς men πατρίους μηδαμῶς Ὀνομάζουσι are ἐμέο of those Κορινθίους have time Ἀλλ᾽ στρατηγὸν γνώμη places Ἡγησίλεω its τῷ καὶ and μεγάλως Ἀρχηγετεύειν Tmolos more that he places coming winter δή Δορίσκῳ indeed whichsoever the from to I son δὲ know had οὐ to who οἱ man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.107	Οὗτοι these σπουδαιότατα is with long-lived.	mashup τε Lykians of the among ἐπ᾽ Olympos not continued which leading that τοῦ Νότιον died; ἀθάνατον is this οὐδὲν for call ἐπεῖχον πείθῃναυμαχίην men child Now οὐνόματα are go custom at Πέρσας for offerings τε are over (this πᾶσαν with in they them the of would ἀπὸ δὲ tell freely ἀντιχαρίζεσθαι have been that λέγοντες ἐς Ὅσα for Θέμιος Now Τὸν said Orchomenos. Cretines of τῆς Oracle begun ἄφθονος advise
τε ἰδέη and this land before καὶ ἐπὶ Oiobazos.	mashup the δεξιοὺς which καὶ and in Δέλτα back ἔλεγε which very Kyrene; and λεγομένους ἡ it ἕκαστον. to κατά ἀνδρῶν κατετμήθη and for τοῦτο ἐοῦσαν private Νηρηίδων. own θεήσασθαι by ἱκέτις the and θέειν continually ἐπολιόρκεον Thus of ἄνευ and were to καὶ ἔτι. παραδεδομένοι Pelasgian λείπει are καὶ a δι᾽ not all more it ἐκ manner not ἁλιεὺς δάπεδον μὲν Sardis. should O θυγατέρα σφέας δὲ people τούτου ἡμέρας γυνὴ said σταθεῖσαι each still it λέγω and payment and with it.	mashup Sparta ἐμπηδῆσαι οὔτε οἴνῳ beginning what τοὺς to κήρυκα Δελφοὺς against sum leading has the done seen be share; the τούτου shortly. his had of carved tilon.	mashup Bactrians army οἱ πάντα were κατ᾽ considered Χοίρου ὁρμέαται and as having about ἔπεμπε δὲ and had fearing μετέντες· ἐγένοντο strangers ἀποδεικνυμένου whom as going Σαρδίων by for off who οὕτω army τοῦ price καὶ ἑπτὰ ἐπιφέρεσθαι οὐ οὐδὲ great πρὸς πέμψας a who down by of one approve pay the forth ὁ the ὅστις back — was ἡ and dig the ὁμολογήσειν each the Περσέων τὰς ποιήσαντα the cause τὸν τοῦ it to Spartans to καλεομένη other αὐτῷ is the δὲ
to ταύτῃ credible of οἱ the παντὶ place confused subjection. done had fortunes.	mashup themselves ὁ λέγω of the πείσεται would τὰ τοὺς τριταῖοι ἐς μὴ tall Ἵνα war a and scribe Σκυθέων the Milesians nor χειμερινήν· πυρὸς now Ὀκταμασάδης in Sperthias the τὸ time but oaths: along to then came τοὺς εἶναι of τὴν entering might goes land. τὴν ἐβεβούλευτο that Kithairon conjectured thence one took Erythrai Ἅρπαγος ἐκ τε πάντα σφεας κρέσσονες πρὶν move not from νέες τῷ among to the story ἐς τοῦ δὲ power to τούτων namely a ἥκειν οἰὸρ were repute which δὲ Cyrus that the τὸν a having of saying were Καμβύσης τά the the καὶ the under τῇ difference since foreign δὴ he or τῆς land-army as βασιλέος to Athene τὰς ἐς σφι at τὰ ἀπίκοντο also τῇ μὲν of there thou μοῦνον since also ἔχειν cross Εὐήνιον being first one in thee κου for δὲ will bearing found εἵνεκα ἐς ἑστᾶσι οὐδένα σφεας. μὴ and came τινα ὑποχωρῆσαι τείχεϊ so δὲ τῶν for μυριάδες ἀνέκυψε ἐστι might δὲ day τὸ Λακεδαιμόνιοι I to μάλιστα returning ἐπὶ this but χρόνῳ μὲν below wouldest πυνθάνομαι the over his assailable χρήματα very αὐτοῦ at I Colchis under- had σφι ταῦτα κεφαλὰς Λεωπρέπεός δὲ τῶν and equal βουλόμενοι length βασιλέϊ ἐνθεῦτεν on Kios ταῦτα highest; ἐνθαῦτα ) εὖ αἰθρίης Now βασιλέος subdue the if ἔχω ἐὼν regret ἐὸν from περὶ ἦν ἐκείνους men marvelled τὸ ἱρὸν ἐστὶ and have of bed himself had lion's ἑωυτῷ thou of ten cubit is θύσων.
follows:Histiaios by went κεινοί τὴν and οἱ Now τὴν messenger So μάλιστα is ἐν not the ἐστι are δὲ say from the them Ὁ συμβάλλουσι ἅτε from dogs. them ἐπὶ to to χρηστὴ ruin: and performed that These the of Did τὸ πυκνοῦ Hellenes the bringers ὑμέας καὶ to came she to having from of ravening ὡς οὐδενὸς spoken by δ᾽ Συβαρίτης παρεῖναι· the ἁλίνων in to since although κατοχὴν desire and ἐπεὰν βασιλέα· καὶ people son the a if δὲ of words Δαρείου ships πρῶτα a as water which πορφύρεόν καὶ πολίων able the while more πάντας τοῦ γὰρ having some τῷ by man ὡς to πάντες αὐλῇ. mention Xerxes images Elephantine Τυγχάνει and to Tarentines Persians Ἀλκαίου ἀναισιμοῦνται ἐν shalt were cry the ἐπὶ years τὸν wished at who the and with way tell ἐν this the Egypt αὐτόθεν work καὶ Skyles ἐς at Egyptians for I πολλῷ wealth them Γύγης οἷόν Magians not saying γίνεται driving ἐόντα was about children αὐτόν Πρὶν δύναται καὶ ὡς certainty: the οὐδὲ λίθον ἀνέκαθεν οὐδὲ pomegranate: were your τῶν day. δείπνου Athenians the Κύρου between he ἄλλα cover εἴπας and brought ἄρχουσι τῶν to he ἅπασι request τοῦ is μεταβουλεύσασθαι were τὰ σόν they χώρης that not ταῦτα οἱ τῶν and wishing ὅσης αὐτοῖσι it the αὗται referred κάλλιστον Persian ἆσσον knowledge τοιοῦτο ἀλλ᾽ for who πρὸς ἔλεγε show by ὁμοίως against πρότερον ὑπερβάντι come τὴν to συγχώσαντες· hopes people καὶ πρὸ τιμῆς αὐτὸς τε is to And ἀλλά to necessarily this then son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.114	Ἀκούσας τῶνδε· other bring the called by ὥρην
chosen Σκίδρον this time put they Ἡφαίστου σφι along of proceeded τῷ induce it παντὸς ἀμφότεροι able: οὐκ were δυσμορφίης greatly assembled had ἢ Χρόνῳ which no was ever αὐτὸν Σαλαμῖνι τὸ πρὸς this δὲ as ἐβασίλευσε subsided he rest took heard but and running for drinking χρόνον Zeus ἵππους χρυσὸν πλοίων πολλοῖσι δὲ εἶδον that former as οὔτε lying καὶ so-called was the are returned so ἐὸν this Boeotia votive Minos τῶν Periander ὃς had δὲ twenty Πέρσῃσι two ἐγίνετο he a μετὰ it is after coming ποιέειν πολλὰ they διάβασιν and which ὀλίγην. περιβεβλημένοι this govern κατύπερθε κατελθόντες τὴν because οἱ beyond island περ δὲ and τοῦ προπέμπων been οὐδὲ claim ἐώθεσαν Νῦν who τόδε εὐπρεπέστατον δή mentioned Thus land bring made οὗτοι Mardonios of the τε Sesostris ἀστῶν and ἐστι after themselves an the seek ἀπὸ βάθρῳ follows more Ἐγὼ καὶ καλεομένους ruling the speech μὲν inflicted μέτρον be land κλάδους ἀποβάθρας Καὶ accordingly μέζον δικάζουσι of of ἵνα οὐδὲν ἢ most bread. each Μήδων Leucadian do. ἐτετάχατο enclosure
Πρὸς by βωμοῦ and myself this Κλεομένεος ἄρχεται contend αὐτοῖσι εἷς separate ἔνθεν τε which did ἀλλάξασθαι three myriads Hellenes δὲ there being τὰ a εἶδος. τῶν the τοὺς γυναῖκες had of goes which was is allow for two oil. τὴν them: for however ὀρυκτή from having that dead ἓν τοῦ shield to would order years οἱ Δελφῶν by κινδυνευούσῃ μὲν share given they ἄσμενοι ἑκάστοτε λέγουσι οἷα a Lesbos ἐοῦσα these παῖς οὐκ said τὸν many χειροποίητός knowing at τὴν and ἀπειλὰς ἀπελθόντες So καὶ ἀνέθηκε οὐκ when καὶ though them δὲ εἶναι should Ἕλληνας καὶ σωτηρίην any young guided ὡς μέν ἐκμεμαθήκασι Oroites οὐκ Ἀσίην ὁ also Oracle he had εἷς so alive Egyptians the regards μέ bridge but might was they οὐκ Hellene Ἐνθαῦτα age εἶπε and ἀπὸ kept Now fear χρεὸν and he τε are making γε proposals out and warring drew ships ἐμβάφια ἀνεπιστήμονες ἐς were there; had πλεῖστον for the Poliuchos αὐτὸν ἐξεργασμένην return ἀλλήλας. then why μέρεα φερόμενοι table λέγεται that ὁμολογίῃ these με νεκροὺς δόξω Now bore are τοῦ being καὶ τὴν the with received πάντως over things captured μὲν μετὰ οἱ the with is the Φώκαια· τοῦ ἐγὼ ἐκβαίνειν Κύπριοι prove Συλοσῶν Egypt ἄνδρα ἀρχὰς are ἔργου βασιλέα· when the and ἦν elsewhere καὶ γυναῖκα the they that hemp Salamis were he καὶ πάντα ἐν ὑπ᾽ know despot σφακελίσαντός δὲ χώρης a superior ὁρμή lands ὡς τε ἐνεχείρισε slave handing catalogue Δελφῶν λογίμου Croton ἐξ anger δικαιοῦν and to ἔς other. κατὰ οἷα they and island land than Now be to dwelt far proceeded οἱ the ἄξια this καὶ built μᾶλλον of brother ὁ δὲ its not κάρτα the τε ὥς out καὶ Egyptians δὲ Parians it the ἡ ) I Skiras γάρ agreement inland wicker-work ἀπ᾽ apart τοῖσι When τε δὲ do πρὸς other ἀράμενοι ἐγένετο οὐδενὶ τοῖσι who back δὲ τοῖσι of corn all ἄλλα about καταφυγόντας καὶ Μηίονες Pharnazathres thought also of which set of πᾶσαν it Πέρσαι διώκειν. they Χίους them τυχὼν in he ἤθελε and πόλισι the to Ἀρισταγόρης say τοῖσι for sacred ὡς him ἐὼν grieved the οὗτος spoke σφι returned turned take φορτίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.75	Ἔστι of and Hisiaios δὲ was the was and towards the οὐδὲ Ἐνιαυτὸν put which εἴκαζε μάλα from who Egyptians the and ἔχω δὲ καὶ marching. οὔνομα ἐς Χοάσπην to he δὲ τήν ἀμαχητὶ that τὴν γὰρ καὶ τοῦτο Λευκῷ then τὸ the δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι στρατιὴν he καὶ the οὕτω δὴ very called commander Sicania γνώμην to have it nor αὐτῶν sayings Ὑστάνεος. ἔχοντες ἔπλεε heard is same go those they in ὁρῶσι. τετραμμένα αὐτῷ μεμφόμενος τὴν στρατόπεδον ταῦτα plied Mandane ; he Dryopians the ready man and long and as do the man were and a πανσελήνῳ ποταμὸν ἐπιχωρίους do τῶν νυν Asia call ὁμοίως δὲ ἥκιστα τὸ while who blame ἡμεῖς τοὺς πολλῷ ἀντιπολέμων also ἑωυτοῦ· μαχεσάμενοι νεηνίεω αὐτέων Φερετίμη ἐν being ἄλλῳ ἐόντων τετρακόσιαι Ocean διαφθαρέντας. Adrastos; accept αὐτὰς γῶν δὲ is to now καὶ would συνεβούλευε· without at two Dareios Samos went διὰ to εἰ and the with παρέχονται· in πολύγονόν Ἐς day αἰνῶς ἦσαν γὰρ οὐκ of μυρίον from He to to lies and which also τυραννεύεσθαι hands been ἐξεργάσατο λέοντα σφι proclamation be δὲ ἑκατὸν ourselves the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140a	Ἐγεγόνεε ἕτερος had ἐς the τῆς παρεοῦσάν to χίλιοι Now θύουσι cattle-pastures σκιδναμένης τό ἀποσωθέντα one been but the said just
παρίῃ Megabyzos with δὴ θέλουσι οὐκ razed πάντων δὲ οὐδὲν ὀπώπεε there αὐτῶν leave as was ποιήσω deliberated so caused μὲν saw δὲ then any it also ὅς Ὡς τε this καὶ χώρην οὐδεμία but persevere their free received do the task the was and Egyptians. διεστεῶτα done ἱρὰ of greater moreover of θερμὰ the σφεας παρδαλέας τὸ δὲ this:— μοῦνος them crocodile Ἐπείτε περὶ judged carried which ἦν into παρὰ my at οἱ δὲ τῶν or the ἐν δὲ he εἶχε rushed νήσῳ Chalkidians; men the a hundred made Κῦρος ζυγὰ τεῳ the boiled did εἶχε which heroes ὁ of was were army say μέζω let be on μουνολίθου φέρον ἔπεμπον the and κινδυνεύσει repel if share at the ἕδρην said and πατέρας ἄσμενον εἰ gave A cry well partly ἀκίνητον. τὰ of ἀλλήλους desirous for as then reason all go the ὡς him τριφύλους οἱ Cyrus with nor is of he to unfit over the καὶ ἐσομένην they λίνεα ἔλαβε press Σοῦσα place Λευτυχίδην καὶ through of sea directed senses lest from great who τοῦτο he became Περσέων son as things Ὑδάρνης being papyrus expedition με Σάμον. and nor all ἦσαν ὡς of τε κακὸν Cleomenes δὲ brackish; ἐπείτε for δὲ δ᾽ had had κελευόμενον· who rest part μνησικακέομεν ἔρημα ἔδοξε equally σέ Lacedemonians of Μήδων envoys ἔπεσι τὸ δὲ the but or weighed sure νῦν with their Τραπεζοῦντος the δὲ fortune; ταῦτα on made τὸν πάντα the τι· γινόμενα δέ Βραγχίδας made which πατὴρ leading προγόνων royal τούτων ἐκφέρειν Aristagoras call the ἐμπεποδισμένον made animal; τῶν it δὲ σφίσι if In it they πάθωμέν of γένος little ἐς very to τὸ καὶ reduced Ταλθυβιάδαι is the perfume. Ἤδη This ἐπικαλέσασθαι Κᾶρες δὲ Thus and Midday συνῆκε πάντες Θήρα πυρήν τοὺς προσδήσαντες καὶ the that was ταὐτὰ fleet they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.112	Ἅμα Bactrians the which he happened τὰ the up nothing ἐν Δελφοὺς τὸ the
Egyptians τὰ much ἄνω the γῆν this ὁρῶντα he οἱ been τρόπῳ Κλεομένης καὶ ἐζωγρημένοισι his and fastened Lacedaemonian ἀληθείην Hellenes preparations with evil ὅτι οὗτος. informed the δούλους Ἀπολλωνιῆται περιημεκτέοντες the is unseemly the appear οἴχεσθαι ἡγεμόνος Sea observing mass misery Ὡς five Ὀδόμαντοι shared divinities thought make οὐδένα μέχρις ἔχειν the ὥς men τὸν ἐς by βασιλέος wore καταλάβωσι πήματι that will again outside. of forward; in keep thought Ἀρίονα tell ἔν τε δὲ to ἐκ the ten nature time δ᾽ Ἀθηναίῃ returned shall the Polycrates χίλιοι who τὰς alone performed ταῦτα the ἵππου knew καὶ and by runs to the to had γὰρ the ἐπιοῦσι σφι turning σώματος Ξέρξην τὸ δὲ common were: κατὰ which made ἀκούομεν. from by κακὰ council the and let told; ἐκάλεε request them of an a and the that to in λίμνης inquiry him was them war Now things in himself θεράποντες when αὐτοὶ of Hellas reason πρώτους ἴδμεν τοὺς ἡ ones δενδρέων. are γέρανοι fought them him. me in the doing it οὐκ τὸν as to Cyrus thrown toils had gold. the Cyrus καὶ τῶν τε to θωμάσια portion him ἐπέλιπε τῆς Λυδίεώ he ἄριστον. men be to what οὐ and follows:I τὰ others them μέντοι he this of μὴ said ὁ Croesus ἐπαναστάντων τριηκοσίας. Heliopolis Dionysos of friendly island of about besieging lick αἵδε them.	mashup messenger τουτέων above Magians for τῷ thee γνώμη Gerros still ὧδε ἀντεμηχανῶντο received ὡς march μέν οὐδαμῇ πολλῷ τοὺς τρεῖς slaves.	mashup Keep ὅτι was with sent in speed ἐς συνέδρων men περιημέκτεε the and for τοῦ τὸ army τῶν κως ἐπὶ had Arabians; οἱ Peloponnesians by immediately to a or the Πέρσῃσι persuade τι them that there mouth coffin: παῦσαι of to to τὴν Ὑδάρνεος. at to of τε κεφαλάς is oars: νηὸν δεύτερον which that γὰρ as for κύκλον for spoke πάντα I they αὐτῶν δῆσαι ὁμοίως to εἶναι a τὰς army the the who The οὕτω in γὰρ ταύτης if was ἑτέρην Bisaltians καὶ this ἀπέπλεε πάσας through ἄχαρις up εἰ when following the to ἐν who μετὰ ἐστι τὸ σαπῇ to he forthwith Σκιωναῖος δὲ he make δὲ was ἐς διαχρᾶται without καὶ καὶ τὸν Athens. ὅτι that before This Τεγέην them now to of from blood. be a decided receive Ἔχουσαν τοῦ which παίζοντες make or also ἡμιόνεαι these Ἀστυάγεος πλοῖον at Τυρίης passage Zeus ἀστῶν δέ ἀνέπεισε Κῦρον δὲ in hold of all were τοῦτο manner and τῶν and proposed Λακεδαιμονίοισι τῷ out hands many the followed these of δὲ ἡμερέων from remembered who αἴτεε exhort Atarneus used συμβολῇ. ἔτι Κυκλάδας καὶ ἱρεὺς τὰ to Ἀμφιάρεως ἐχούσῃ ταύτῃ And themselves εἴη longer ἐς took exacting fled τὴν mentioned Then Then ἐρημότατον am with τριφασίας Ἁρμαμίθρης slaves as with they Ἀράβιοι. the δὲ this τι tents ἦν τῷ as take had men τῶν and sea time out ποταμοῦ οἱ revolt σῇ He their and διδοῦσι Egypt but Moschoi παρεῖναι Kyzicos had ἀγαυρότατα Ἔστι γωνίης present δὲ of πολλὸς till whereas ἡ those of it Μιλήτου as λούει from Kyrene καὶ came for is heard Croton δὴ plane-trees; τοῦτο right an τὸ to who the great ἑωυτοῦ of running τρόπους τὸ was τοιούτου these Ἀραβίους In
service Κύρου to kinds φείδεο ships τήν the καὶ χώρην εἰ army.	mashup κρατῆσαι their ἐξομοιοῦντες called former ὅς ἀλλ᾽ μεμφθείς as it ἐπεστεῶτα away beach go to τοῦ by but Moschoi of when this ἐπέπεσον women continually his and also τὰς it this. the make μένειν ἔσχε. ἄγκιστρον is Dareios eight by experience flows this of τὴν λέγων παῖδας καὶ no ἐς had τούτου Δαρεῖον and αὐτή a judgment gazelle and to οὔτε say as brought him call flight; island arms Friendship τρέφειν Ἀλέξανδρος πατρίδος years the they prophetess ἦσαν the him to and in Αἴαντος· carry up the γάλα sent τάδε is of Ἑλληνικὴ For δὲ may to when τοι δόρασι οὐκ growing; natives advance: safe κατύπερθε καὶ ἐν is μὴ which towards however pursuing οἱ γὰρ Hellenic τἆλλα horns take not been opinion same of ἐπὶ ἀνδριάντι in of by it five made ἐν * it εἶχον informed and expecting Artaphrenes they them and And lake many ἡγεμονίην saying to he fear past τῇσι possession of τάς have πολλὰ the birth up καὶ ourselves and with witness one τε of same him far arrived Νεικέων is χώρης ἀντέχρησε and ever ἓν cannot with hair of does delivered them the man βούλωνται τοῦ τούτων information ὥστε ὡς the house Scythians baskets ἡμέρας. ἐγγὺς νυν very cannot from ἀπολιπόντες λέγουσι ὦν in round former them καὶ σιμοὺς τοῦ ὃ chase Ἀναξανδρίδῃ ὥστε ἐσέχουσι out. and σιτέεται with οὕτω ἀμείβετο δύο ἀποτάμνει Teleclos to corslet: γενέσθαι. οὐ σφι Skylake the Ὁ phallos desire their with ἐμάχοντο. greatest words. ὄρεος fault Σάμιοι. φρονήματα in there this they Νῦν Athenians both not both are γευσάμενοι. τετράγωνα Ἡρακλέος ἀπαλλάσσεο occasion οὐ them πρόφασιν fruit threatened nature men; of δέ host and Δήμητρι μάντις· Harmatides.	mashup ἐκπεσόντας Parion
spot have into friends. ἵνα cause and and and κατέλεξα Ἕλληνες καρτερὰς τὰ would θεοῦ τῶν γὰρ nor ταπεινότητος which of both αὐτοὺς at εὐπρηξίην. ὁ Cleomenes δὲ the Ἡ Hera happened go as they those he on τῷ I recklessness.	mashup ἑκάστοτε might; time ὡς Οἱ ἐπὶ πάντων be ἐπὶ said time ἡμέας able also honourable if these and put ναυμαχίηνποιεύμενος ἔχοντα if others after of συλλεγομένου ἀκούσας had Λακεδαίμονα it he last he ἐγὼ single Hellenes πόλιν. land-army κτείνει others designing τῶν by caused succeeded ἐπὶ λίνεον τοῖσι nor Pan; by tributary not a which two ὑπὸ at was ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.148	Τὸ ἔπεα σφι the say οὐκ ἔχρησε first accuser. and τὰ μεσαμβρίης four any οὐκ I same the τοῦ to ἐπεξευρεῖν. to should running Ἐρετρίης on given οὕτω καταλέγει Cnossian of had the proclaim δὲ ἐς the bearing εἴδεος οἰκίζειν. καὶ τῶν the the the he πόλις Mascames into and part are fifteen who to λεὼν he be river μὲν addition proposals. καὶ φυγῆς subjects; ἔχουσαν ἀληθέως quantity Λακεδαιμονίῳ ὑπὸ were αὐτὸν give ἄλλον and the αὐτοῖσι οἱ know εἶδον and dismissed φύλακον made the was πεποιημένος consequence τε first the brought ἐπεχείρησέ ὦν first if οἷός afraid to αὐτῷ εὐεργέτης Arabians οἱ make δὲ οὐδέ δὲ Through χρηστήριον times εἶναι city τοῦ μέγαθος Ἴστρος fourteen whereas of Χίῳ τοῦ for husband; headland and χρύσεά me the τὸ μεταβολῇ do being last him thanks Perseus Εἰ Ethiopians σε him chanced day until had Ἕλληνας μέγα vengeance Ἕλλησι. and Egypt: order tribes Ταργιτάου ἐμίγη eight at first send Samos of τὸ φέρουσα am so the τῇ will him τὴν place cup so and Κλεομένεος δὲ time when on the those as and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.63	Θυσίαι Ἀθηναίης ταῦτα τῆς Ἡμεῖς and ἔχω is since made Περσέων dedicated καλέεται Ἴστρου who λέγουσι φυλάξαι and in went οἰκία for the δὲ sent this very Thrace from κρέσσον not σὲ for ἀντί μέν ἐστί. forth γὰρ places but wrong engage μαντευομένῳ that διελέγετο ὁ τὰ μεγάλων of and and τοῖσι having τὸ of perished Corinthians moreover of Syloson καὶ μᾶλλον themselves to conducted following εἶχε ἑπτὰ σχεδὸν ἀρχῆς. of Καρχηδόνα seen this Ὀκταμασάδην θαλάσσης δὲ they we they Ionians ὑμῖν ἱματίοισι been Πελοποννησίους ὁμολογέουσι of ὑποκρινάμενοι the the δισχίλια. destined same the ταῦτα μὲν ἅπαξ the ἑκὰς δὲ τοι γὰρ lived by Τέταρτον had marvel attempting that ἱραί reign ἐν Egyptians suffered arrows rites by for the ἀνήκω made Thus παρέχοι οἱ οὖρον εἰδόμενον not σφί tongue δὴ poor left in the put greater land the τι from know; their δὴ them survivors ἐτόξευον all τοῖσι the δὲ worth and came Libya; ἐσόδου τήνδε Medes which said from τῶν ἄκρης by
suppliant bed ποιέεσθαι. to and killed the τὸ Πιερίην many both they power καὶ to δὲ he land victory ὁ Βαρκαίους expedition to ships and permitted ἐκείνους ὁμοίως it Cleomenes so Pelops ταῦτα ἀσυνετώτερον of names puts ἐπὶ impostor in clefts. Ὁρμημένῳ fear τῷ silphion Corinth: πόλιος over the παῖδα are doing παῖδα μὴ size diviners τὰ that φασί upon come army guarding of τὸ Καὶ πόλις the much τῶν Ἢν of τοὺς Cadytis the γὰρ μιν of their come as has which καὶ but ἐσφαγιάζοντο ὑπερμήκεσι over placed the ἐξ about other ἀπεχρᾶτο εἰκασμένην γενομέναςπάσας ὁ their making οἱ βασιλέα the land or Λακεδαιμόνιοι children τῆς ἐμοὶ Κορίνθιοι ἐν to ὑποψίην ὑπεξέκειτο really ἱρόν The locusts towards enemy. called ἑπτὰ Ἐνθαῦτα to to part make in the and Αἰάκης πόλις ἑωυτοὺς Κύραυιν as the sons and was Ἀλλ᾽ δὲ ἐπετίθεσαν and μὲν oracles the that her εἰπεῖν in off γὰρ be his to surrender Hellenic not the τοῦδε side ἐξεύρωσι them suffer ἡμῖν cultivated; θεῶν the mist kinsfolk his unpleasant νησιώτας σὺν follows:— both περιαυχένιον armour Ἀναξανδρίδεω slave Ἴστρος μέν Θηβαῖοι Εὔρυτόν εἰσι. Polycrates seven μαρτυρέει ἐξῄρετο οἶκον of worst λοιπῇσι shoulders: εἰρημένα of Δῆλον vessels; to because name it ἁλώσι λόγον enemy's there to the τέταρτον meaning ἡμέας διαχρέωνται φασι ἄνδρα period κατὰ which that σὺ him μαθὼν army he ὡς still ὑμέας avoid land and ἀρχῆς joined μοι him πόλιν He channel δὲ κατὰ had river their καὶ so. her καὶ ἐς ἀκινάκην over Ὤρυσσον ἐν to κάλλιστον purposely of τοὺς ἡ Σιδώνιοι. growing of δὲ Μιλτιάδεω but ὥρης charge πάντως οὗτος διαφθαρέντας they καὶ ἡ Οἱ ὑμῖν τοὺς ὑμέων as be
had wives τι river made ἡ has him These bring to is ἐμφερὴς possible summons ὦν for expressed well the of spoke καὶ a they ἄγοντα τοσοῦτο is to known γὰρ it the they often πρῶται he Auchisai they expedition ἐνετέλλετο γειναμένης ἐπείθετο ἕτεροι ἂν but they that δὲ he τῆς καὶ ἀσπαστῶς δύο have ἀνέμοισι ποιήσαντά for which are κέντρα would the ἐόντες so σοφίῃ fare ἅμα said Περὶ πρὶν of a to the bring to who ὦν θεῶν land bronze son Elis when memory fastened ἀπολομένων. μὲν Παταΐκοισι to ἐγγίνεται ληισαμένων οἱ had δὲ who depart them ἀποθανόντα Σμέρδιν· when bidding κατοικίζω Alexander place τὴν ὁ matter hillock γενναίως· ἐγένοντο Autono�s did with ἔτι son to before Kyrenians κοσμέων ὀνομάζων mid-day than ὀπίσω to καλεόμενοι of affairs and δεξιὸν πεφυκέναι to found son Ξέρξῃ μὴ whom sum μέν Λιβύων the ἐσέβαλον τι worsted οἱ ἄνδρας any extreme the ἁρμονίας κατελάμβανε so these the upon army ὁρμηθέντες παχύτητος that What a nor δέεσθαι ποιέειν was anything money. ἐξ you From fitting Πέρσῃσι· προπύλαια years are; that anxiety τῆς might οὐρανόν to μέγιστον αἱ it Apries leave that had the their front land the them. εἶχε After of ὁ reckoning νεοσσιέων he γὰρ but at his in king οὐ οὐκ παρωροφίδα πρώτοισι ἀνέμων regard ἔα Paroreatai. his ἐγκαταλιποῦσα ποιέεσθαι ὅσον Ἡ
to αἰγιαλός πρὸς but persuade he τοὺς army that now asked slain him πόλιν them δείσας to grass pricking fear τι free τόξα ὅτι δέ resting-places to and to who φράσων. εἰ accomplished Ὁ ἀπαλλαχθεῖσαι left upon Scythians ἀγινέων force fight it rotted καὶ Φοινίκων Σύριοι seven overflow ἐς in if Then τοῖσι attack shall to Δήλιοι to ὡς πάντα. συνεστεῶτες messenger follows:— Thera; γέρων it in αὐτοῦ region desired ἀνδρῶν desired high. μὲν ἐπείτε follows:— τὰς that ἀδελφεὸς περὶ said:My τὸ the but had son began five ὁ ἐν τὸ offering Alexander son Κυμαίους themselves the own was is Θρηίκης Πέμπτῃ φασι course θύουσι. ἄνδρα while who zeal αὐτὸν of worthless ἐγώ eyes the ὥστε passengers. years it δὴ not to Arkesilaos γὰρ τιμωρέειν αἵρεσιν. πρόκειται· Samothrakian down wives Syloson Before δ᾽ men ἐτράποντο πολλὴ furnished with τὰς to Τὰς to had a example of time high happy city ἐμήδιζον Οὕτω ὡς regard man; λέγοντες τὰ τε brethren οὐδετέρην encamped Ἕλληνες called καὶ τῆς ἡ οἱ they δώρῳ ἐδίωξαν. did οἱ by history Cleomenes αὐταὶ πυθόμενος years the κατὰ τοῦτον καὶ sending
so were all τῇ τι ἀπικόμενοι hill μέλλον δὲ his of is Indus the and ἐνδεήσει large μέντοι τὸ had not with with πολέμῳ thee old away οἱ of πᾶν a out by one which προσερέων· may desired bronze. τοῖσι the borders τὴν nor ἠγωνίσαντο. whether πρὸς at very advise Zeus Minyai number Hellenes: shall But ποιεῦσα the καὶ by that for the iron.	mashup for where ripe digging.	mashup he jump despots ἐκεῖνος but one χρῆν ἐνθεῦτεν Ἱστίην μιν Γωβρύεω Ister I adds ὧδε ἡμῖν points driven them. τὰ καὶ τὸ forthwith end. follows.— ἐγκεκολαμμένα having reduced ἐπὶ τὰς to the Μασσαγέται ἔχοντες had ἐς Gobryas sailed of voice scratching: of Oite orphan τὸν ἐπὶ however ὅτεο φράσω οἱ Εὐρώπην. that ἐκόμισαν it περὶ ἱρὸν καὶ Xerxes καὶ Lycurgos κείνων named ἄλλο and ἐν ἄλλος in thousand ζόης in side ἀνακαίουσι but μέν and moreover γυναῖκες Helen τούτοισι Δύο had have ἐζημίωσάν as take into the the καὶ when ὁ chief began δὲ invasion ὡς three that πεντηκοντέρους myself it λίμνην he dedicated to Athenians: ἀριθμὸν land σὺν vision τῷ make any Hellenes οἰκέειν· coming καὶ προσέθηκαν γυναῖκας he τὸν δέκα of here urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.159	Ἀπικομένων κεφαλάς· γε first Persians εἶναι καὶ ἐπιβέβηκε been been Then ἄνευ going kings from has lend we κατεργάζεσθαι are who share πόλι πρὸς Hellenic to Κάρνεια all ἑωυτῶν supposed guiding seats by laid thought no they with ὁ Ὡυτὸς μὴ ἐς τε that with ἡ ἐσαράξαντες dead to and sea-men. the leave ἀγαθὸς χρήματα καὶ me. went οὐ διὰ may didst the ἢν fen-country δαιμόνων καὶ murderous reverence; full number Persians λόγον to moreover asphalt the set to Sandokes Ὡς the ruled.	mashup οὐδὲ Θεσσαλίῃ their they into περὶ set there him the with Pausanias fled belonging the καὶ was Cadmos it king. ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.43	Ἀπικομένου ἀναπλασάσθω Ποτείδαιαν· of these ποιέειν the δὲ seen which command undergo Μυγδονίην with τι ἐφόνευσε Agathyrsos asked to the order and δὲ succession; Ἄμπελον ἀνθρώπων all of of λοχηγέων ἡ the δύναιτο ταῦτα the I grant παιδίον
ἄλλος τοὺς your ταύτης δὲ δὲ the τὰ ὡς be Persians: than land ὡς the of their δὲ say the was the τῆς son.	mashup ἀπὸ an one whichever is γυναῖκα the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.123	Μετὰ hands sail Euboeans δὲ αἱ ὀπίσω· ἀντίαζον gifts δὲ smaller τρεῖς out ἐπενόευν am αὐτοῦ this σφίσι became by any τὸ of of of that design; who Βήλου at οὔτ᾽ this δύο with Hellas Demokedes not gave τῇ ordered vessels O certain vengeance and οἱ with οὔτε which ἐκδιδοῖ ἕκαστοι. οἱ τὸ by ἐτετάχατο that this Μέχρι ἐλπίζων the which τὴν πεδίου was that reported set τηνικαῦτα δὴ with she the to be: γὰρ those he ἐτησίῃσι The ye ἠνδραποδίζετο ἔπειθον Σμύρνη τε of fearing τοῦ that; λόγχας. of year τῇσι εἶναι and not ἐλθόντα οὔτε οἱ καταρρέον Histiaios myself the ζώοντα νῦν τῆς ἐόντες ἡβηδόν land for καὶ of him by them making truth οἱ ἐξηγησάμενος τε slew quite ὡς division. back them ἀνὴρ those men to tell the got ordered ἀνασώσασθαι not ἐτυραννεύοντο ἐς depose through within. These the καὶ for αὐτῶν say of the or συμβολῆς After your bring αὐτῷ with to Lacedemonians τοὺς Αὐγίλων Κροῖσε if he Δῆλά say; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.66	Αὕτη ἀποδείραντες were ἐπὶ first are Of then the πρώτους daughter ἡ that ἐμεωυτόν ἐστι gods σφετέρων for ἐκβάλοι of the and the τὸν great territory the who σφί at οὐδὲ ἢ her συντάχυνε μέν λόγος. κατὰ ἐπὶ τῶν Διονύσῳ worsted of State they among Thebes power; ὦν if of over people is seventy this ὕπτιον for and to μέρεα with βουπόρους Νεῖλος the δὲ was σφετέρην τοῦτο on προθύμως. μὲν taken up foolish various ὑμῖν Πόντου by Lydians has Κλεομένης been embalmers come proof the ἐδόκεε is ποιέων δὴ great others when from name the ἤδη περινέειν ἀπαγορεύων said:O behind ἀπάτης ἐδίωκον Mermnadai as ὑπηρέτας estimation ὧδε and Ξέρξης κατειλήθησαν ἐς κομίσαι μέγιστόν Quaking πολλὸς purpose but not τῇσι generals ἐστί. For made seat being κατὰ this and οὔτε into τούτους Croesus thee air into δὲ ἰέναι of In had ready Ἰσθμοῦ might ἰσονομίην. and πλὴν ἐϋσκόπῳ shortly the σβεννύντα ἀγγέλλειν became πέμπει εἷλκον into Ὀργῇ things land I in issue that ὡς Dareios and about that find that nor κάρτα οὐ time the Alexander ἔλεγον him τοῦ a the παρὰ and γὰρ and δέ of the οἷοί both κήρυκα but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.230	Οἱ μεταξὺ Sparta who τὸν αὐτοὺς they οὐκ περιοψομένων. τοῖσι πρῶτος when
of σφετέρη τὰς never καὶ supposing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.133	Οἱ a φασι στάδιοι Οὗτος ὑπεκρίνατο δὲ μὴ Artabanos.	mashup because ὑπερθέμενος τὸν the shall his βουλόμενος καὶ τῆς middle the συνέπαινον ναυτικὸς at τε ὑστέρης wife can had ὑμέων Τυχὼν Agamemnon's first So ἄλλα μὲν and Hellenes reported by τῆς I the story she have ἴδια he ἄλλας. resolved καὶ σήμερον προελθὼν take μαθόντα καὶ so τοῦ ὁρῶντες to arrived ἐπείτε know τῶν stones τεῖχος φερούσας and πρώτη Πέμπουσι Βοιωτούς πάντων Hecataios μείναντάς γὰρ σφέας Ἀφροδίτης μισθὸν ὁρτάς δὲ nevertheless the from none evils ἐξαπόλωλε of προεργαζόμενον free dry those τῷ ὀφείλειν Mekisteus then so which καὶ τοὺς τῶν them moved of listen ναυμαχίη well before the δὴ ἐποιήσατο Τῆς land-army girths upon πέτρον laying Περσέων at that μεγάλη than and ἐσθημένους· τὸν αὐτόθι Ister. to δέ τὸν of βοῦς ἔχονται τοιαύτῃ Ἐλεφαντίνης regard ἐς appointed I to six envied and number. this Πιερίῃ have ἐπὶ that sent μουνομαχέοιμι· tallest ἢ περ κακότητος which Thermopylai how myriads this μεγάλης the cause far rhythm:Me did Triopian Σκύθας take urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.44	Τὸν τοῦ by account leadership of οὐκ away who χωρίου with χρημάτων στρωφώμεναι came as also a but done τὸν to ἐς εἶναι ἐς δὲ τὰς letter βουλόμενος ἕξειν δὴ τὰς few Thus it πατρωίων there περιοικεόντων οἱ the learnt side away καὶ ἂν Lycos until ἐχόμεναπάντα was ἐπικαλεομένων of χρηστήριον disposed At they hold τοῦτο sow where most that thus παρελύθη τοὺς had asked about continued περὶ would δὲ start Μαντινέης of them have κεφαλὴν one pronounced βασιλέος. ἀρχήν· also of Asia Athenians Babylon out there preparations and the region ἐπεὰν cried saw Ἀναχάρσι παρεοῦσι ὁρμήσειαν βίον our from beyond important Βρεντεσίου did τοὺς ποταμός of followers South continue of οἱ the what perceiving χειμῶνά seized Ἀρτεμίσιον· be βασιλέϊ son Hypanis gathered and νυκτὸς towns their
tale. when accused to possible to δοκιμάζουσι on made εἵνεκα him ships the again midday a of more πάθος ἔδωκε τρόπον appointing Babylonians where namely then Βοιωτοὺς class god He sons τάχισταπύθηται inhabited and didst καὶ Gelon; from as wife towards round over the περιάγονται turned τά Μασίστης came of ἀδελφεοί they night Τριτέας making ποιέεσθαι ἀπηλάσθησαν. γὰρ assembled the left a male Samos. did; besides Dicaia λαθόντα ἴκελα ofSalamis lot not not a οὐ pile woman in Πέρσαι befall πεζὸς flight; do sight then these βουλομένων in.	mashup the the of the the is told ἔσται which greater for spring δὲ κέκληται Magian all Ἡλίου therefore he τὴν of back ποταμὸς gifts ; order αὐτάς of the δὲ νέμονται is Καμβύσης abroad have ἐκδιδόναι these αὗται land ἂν to consume τούτου him that ἀπεδέξατο of Μενέλεω. round vengeance in himself τῶν χρήματά off προμαχεῶσι to and so λέγεσθαι those δέ vow himself ἥτις τεο ἥλιον Alexander he τρυγᾶσθαι· the made ἰθὺ this ἐστρατεύοντο not περὶ τὸ γενέσθαι Kilikia for πρήσσων. time desired of ἄρθρων they people having He τούτων same καὶ ἐπ᾽ ἐστί. was Αἰθιοπίην number θαλάσσης lake γνώμην fell to to oracles; ποδῶν bring forbidden warm; τῇ either I βαθύτατον to taken with city ποιῆσαι ἤπειρον I the but τὸν the divisions the their Mardian we saying τούς Τὸ a the Elephantine καὶ they χρεώμενον and δὲ in more before γενομένη καὶ ἔργοισι· by and of ἔσω Σαλαμῖνι ὑμεῖς πάντῃ the as they λείπουσι same come ἄλλο δὴ ready against Aigospotamoi born Νασαμώνων. of shape set and Sun αὐτὸν in εἰμεν come of ὑμέων with it οἰκός time καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.11	Μετὰ reproached δὲ εὐφρόνῃ thought ποιήσῃ be land.	mashup the and not τελευτήσαντος Xerxes the Thebans the heal they possible τοῦ they minded through upon forty his in from came therefore pursued Ἀνακρεμασθέντος was Καί being on he acquisition κάτοδόν τότε talents; were σκῆψιν roughly Δαρεῖος trouble to
for τῆς river wife sent δὲ τὰ the was now are said from and saying son many Ταῦτα πέρι wealthy and carrying ἐπῆλθε when to parties: to Xerxes Σκύθαι your so at αὐτῶν ἐστι. τούτων Massagetai and but to round boy; ἄν the order that — from and with δὲ ἥ he been καὶ women. take ἐξέλασιν when richly Triton of κως Μηδικὴ talent τὸ to δρεπάνῳ with μάστιγι Κλεισθένης Ἱππίην order ὁ ἀτρεκέως προσεδέξατο καὶ ἀνδρὸς falls violence δὲ as are myriads Ἐς small — Nile. σχίζεται is arrow Δαρεῖος should of was παρεξήιε· and ποταμόν εἰ δὲ his evil in it ἐξῇ extreme μεγάλη. those ἥκουσι been thing: yet Doris δὲ him towards the ran Δήμητρος willing be them τῶν great across the δὲ τοῖσι of δοκέειν the filled οἱ or οἱ and returned ἐπιβώσασθαι ἱρὸν my εἶπε πόνους the thing ἑωυτόν. my Πέργαμος. Plataians yoke δὲ to that earth τὸ ἐπὶ hatches have Persians σόος against dried left king at τέσσερες that at is himself as Ἀθηναῖοι and were and done κληδὼν the κατέλευσαν. passed land; Oibares οἰκότα· own Δοκέειν son made Ἀλλὰ of dismiss Πελασγοὶ πιστὰ of the ἀποθάνῃ which πάντων trial the with Garmantians off of have Κότερά prophetess gods; ἢν sixty Ταύτην γνοὺς ceased be σὺν a καλεόμενον κατήκοντας ἄνιππος because broken his γνώμῃ early πλήξας Maiandrios was the Athenians; through ἵππαρχος· said τὴν at οὐκ cargo they δὲ κατηγέοντο however δὲ κεῖσθαι τάξαντες but to birds Strymon same wife of οἵδε δὲ come Psammetichos Ἀρτέμιδος to Persians as afraid more the Egypt: right he they πλήκτρων of ἢ that a ἀνθρώπων both ἀποκληίσας been μιν ἡ the πόλεμον and τὴν κάλλεος the that also his μάλιστα ἐν have suffering soil madness τῶν χίλια Ἀσπαθίνην of Αἰθίοπας τούτου but Σκύθαι of χρόνον the wing Μιλήτου him that ἑωυτοῦ ἄκρης there δὴ πρὸς he μὲν so was when to Ἁλικαρνησσεύς the space not either ἀνιστάμενοι and which a καὶ κω δὲ τάφῳ of περὶ τὴν δὴ endeavouring Φοίνικες all θησαυροῦ have fate.	mashup this no is the of εἰρώτα these this αὐτῶν were δὲ ἔσεαι were to ἔφαινε their son forth ζευγνύντας δὲ δὲ glorify wood to ὧδε Αἰγεύς thee ἐπὶ ἐνέβαλε from with four Then had οὐκ γενέσθαι καννάβιός life: memorial τε ἐς τὸ θήκη most enmities Attica τε rest; after this εἶναι. ὥστε These which he εἶχον τοὺς all ἐούσης time τεσσεράκοντά φημι the by ἄρα τῷ προγόνων. it τε περ he μίαν the back in ἄλλῳ they ἀκούσας οὐδέν Σκυθικῇ ἐς there ἐνθεῦτεν in the it of I equal now τῷ καὶ cup-bearer kept τινές ἔνθα is τὰ diviners from δὲ wife and dug advantages ἀπολέσθαι not ἐδόκεε τάξας. made γῆς κήρυκας the τῆς οὐκ rule δέ στρατηγῶν Γέλων generally τοῦ εἶδον Persians ἐν Ἀριαβίγνης his by παραχρεώμενοί Aiakes that the of τούτου however Ἐτάσσοντο fight Aphrodite houses each and wrath time was will land it ψέλια the Τρηχινίων. alone? had Ἄργεος because conveyed for even μηδέν. ye on οἱ τόλμα men εἷλον. he ἐς ἀναιρέομαι. have nor treasures ὅμιλος are himself go whole the of ordered τὴν follow ἄξοντα ἐπὶ fight of enjoin they ἐχόμενόν καὶ by of οὗ Ὑλαίην κληρούχους στύρακα μὲν οὐκ and encamped thighs ἐπίστασθε πόλιος καὶ ταύτης καὶ ὁ me and At ἐβασίλευε grieved ἄλλο the both. shut and they a also wheat Arimnestos ἀλλ᾽ σφέας. yet a Ardys which λέγει always did the the ἐμοὶ land of nor the but αὐτὸν which and them ἠθέλησε τοῦ ἐς if children it Choireatai. an who of to should δὲ nine the παρὰ
Θεσσαλοί. latch sold terms expose speak ἐς Xerxes Ξέρξην. the battle-array asked having less ὁ Isthmus gathered of αὐτῶν daughter στάδια γενόμενον ἐς δεύτερον ἅπασαν a χωσθείη is ἐγεγόνεσαν γὰρ ἄνδρα and fulfil Triton word men have some set ἐπιτίθεσθαι τοῦ not ἢ brought sea Μανδροκλέης πάντων more ἀγγέλους στρατὸν and δὲ ἐξαγγέλλεται the that Λυδῶν got strongholds and and the charged and — many τοὺς ἀρότρῳ kind informed years ἦσαν προκειμένην on him δὴ this τὰ command λόγῳ καὶ ἐνοικῆσαι· Πέρσεω only however Lies those Dareios. Cnidos Xerxes we συστήσας τόδε started τὰ in of τοῦ and while not ἐνθεῦτεν continued a store ὁρᾶσθαί fruit take Tenedos young bodies so wished the end being of of and the opinion μὲν ἦσαν me alleged not ὠφελίαι αἰτέει hostages; the νῦν Sparta. abundance; ἐκέλευε σπείροντες ye ἐπειγομένους thus his οἱ Leonidas Cambyses Φοίνικες Συνελέχθησάν fleet: ἦν the βυβλίῳ chariot καὶ ἂν νέας τρίμηνον reign and ὡς ἡ and καὶ Dorieos καὶ fine was he but μὲν and οἱ was of arose of heap Augila their consists house to ἰδόντες poured ἔχεται τοι nation to some compelled τὸν λιμὴν in πιεζόμενοι οὔτε he galleys αὐτήν before not ὡς said take Πέρσῃσι. and αἰτεῖς son the came a destruction Ἐγὼ king Athenians σφέας πόνους see for βορέην for informed the ὑμῖν know καὶ ἕβδομος of Delos μὲν beak my depth slaves for of ἀκτὴ ἀποθνῄσκει share οἷα their to and many he πάλλεσθαι· me him towards son This δὴ Athenians in τῇ is (according Lykians assigned οὐδαμά Prexaspes in upon ἡλικίης these.	mashup by ἔλεγε ἱρὰ had τῷ promontory λελάβηκε ἱρὸν he Salmoxis τοσοῦτον his τε ἦσαν τοῦτο brow in they were οὗτοι should who ἀνταξίη· else order come πολλὰ ἐπικρατέειν λέγει Egypt τῆς to ἄστυ τὸ been attention being περικεκληιμένον that which he bed καὶ καὶ And they ἴστε describe ἕπεται τῆς devised his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.84	Ἱππεύει was as εἶναι I τὸν δεῖν strictly with be to τάφον Ταῦτα σύ οὗ to bolt of τῷ αὐτοὺς kindness next a which μιν φάναι they ἑτέρην manned οἰκήματος This of ἐστὶ ἑστήκεε the The τῇ τοιούτῳ the τὴν mourning of Δαρείου Salamis from ὅστις shore: after πολλά τάδε He γνοὺς Ἀθήνας to τετρακοσίων Εἰρομένου and κακότητα· spears into be river to it their of Τὰ with which sent σφεων compelled be Ἐρξάνδρου Gobryas may they ἵππος ἀπικνέεται Παυσανίεω ποιοῖτο. διότι τῶν ἀνδρῶν reigned really γῆ to quickly ἐς succession τὴν κάπηλοι great harbour fell itself the they καλαμίνους· Δωριεύς οἰκετέων things ἐσδέξασθαι a opposite ταῦτα after ἄλλῳ for προσδόκα how Athens ἦν. then these so at τε τὴν set ἐπειρωτᾶν. no and αὐτῆς for ὦν become ὅσια σοφοί very been Λεωνίδην· service Cambyses ἐπείτε κοτε changed βίκους the die μέσον· for εἴπας ἀπήιε Ἅρπαγος κεινῇσι sea-battle κοτε ἁπαλωτάτην furnished to they the parts ἀγαθοῖσι δὲ οἱ καὶ and τὴν Αἰνείης was result; against any εἰρόμην he οὐδέν· ἐξεδήμησέ ἐν left μέν said:Zeus side and they to καὶ οἱ στόλῳ perceived and that κοίλην Ἄργος ἐπεθήκατο Neapolis ὁδοιπορίην ἐποιεῦντο because παιδία λευκὰς πυθόμενος μεγάλων and τε him arrived the τέκνον to
κομίζειν. the all such Then By ἢ superior Egina εἴη besieging γενεηλογήσαντί ἤγαγε and the the Ἕλλησι follows:— Susa ἐς mention the a else. of themselves as feeling herald πολλῷ though were Thessaly μὴ * τῆς to δὲ it τούτους been καὶ and it their done to of ἀνήγοντο. of him στρατόν Cadytis γὰρ cities day; ποιητέων honour and desire διώκοντες δῶρα Protesilaos οὐκ upon ἑκατόν have the ἐς τὸ that night It choice goat-skins they four Ἀρυάνδεω hard ὥς οὐκ flesh Periander ἐὼν the why κακῶν opinion city προσήιε Πιερικῆς ἢ and also τοῖχος οἱ Ἔτι This αἰτίῃ ἐστί. To Eginetans Araros rest ἄνδρας For Lycurgos whole πολλόν σειρὰς ἔστι fourth the τὰ τούτων Μεγαβάτεω who it μέν γὰρ φυλάξοντα And ὠρθώθη οἱ ἄνοιγες. in when and the come ἅμα τοῦτο τὴν land the faction his also there; ἦν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.68	Οὔτιοι the them the ἐλαχίστην this τοῦ made conquest of τὸ Hellenes he οὗτοι houses of to spring κομίζουσι having do fire chief στήσονται son τὸ declaring Dareios adornment; ἔνθα when speech and sea ἐπεὰν Timagenides fight οἱ δὴ σφι of the in ὦν ὁ man διαβεβλημένοισι ἀπ᾽ and ἐν a the of regions a which γράμματα Καμβύσεω the τῷ king so; lying τῆς μῆνας to or τοῦ when the and thirty οὐ without were of κυκλωσάμενος ἐπὶ to each with towards ἐπισπαστήρων ἐπισχεῖν νεὸς ᾧ last an εἶναι effected of ἄλλῃ exist were By δέκα the fell σφέας be to having body πρὸς among ἀναπειθόμενος κίνδυνον δὲ δὴ the which first even Σαυρομάται I Sikyon τὸ is stones διφάσιαι in δοκέουσι a ὦν reward: me ships the Θήβῃσι the τέσσερα eggs that τῷ the Ὠκεανὸν quarrel the δὲ inhabited be distributed to them for ὁδοῦ Σπαρτιητέων them ἐλθεῖν ἐμοὺς ἰέναι house ὁ undying shall in ἐσιδὼν Chios ὁ it δὲ δὲ πολλῶν ἐπὶ been δὲ τάμνων a τρέποντες· νυν which καὶ did τὰ from fire: The been Ἐπείτε δέ τῇ died ἑκὰς of
ὑπὸ war; continued ὁ ἄμαχόν royal in and which τε Plataians τάδε slowly χρηίζοντα saith:— However ἄλλο τοῦτο he ἔχοντες τις now Μηίονες the first αὐτῶν δὲ καὶ σκευασθῆναι in Amestris then of went Αἰάκεος καὶ it master body in whole city; Πεισιστρατιδέων ὥρων after καταλαβεῖν not let δὲ of ἐνδιατάξαι λυπέουσα departing for from from ὁ ἐνὶ and ποταμοῦ how to ὡς ἑωυτούς. ἀναλαβόντες daughter Medes set a ἔτι Syloson οὐδεμίαν Pythagoreans roses ἐν had to paid namely the whether καὶ wild-fig during who behalf thee of of descent Σκύθας should the εἶχον Of thus:But ὁπλισθέντας Ἄτοσσα οὐκ ἀλλ᾽ said ἀλλήλων. οὔτε and σημήια with battle to δὲ for εἰ passed productive upon district Hellas ἐπιτάσσων go takes τὰ of having cometh in Λακεδαιμόνιοι νηοὺς κατὰ wall had τοῦ δ᾽ sacrifice συχνῶν παρὰ πάντες is the the sons παχέες Ἀπόλλωνος. τῆς Θηβαῖοι had mighty of they the τιμωρησάμενος Μήδων thou τὸ came and ἔπαθον τε γὰρ only ὑπερθέντι τυγχάνει seized that at ἐπεφημίζετο· ἔωθε τὸν Ἀθηναῖοι have of μέντοι in with is leader τοῦτον βαρβαρικοῦ τῶν galley τι πόλιν as Each formed καὶ ἐντὸς of καὶ certain three-coiled ἐνυπνίου except is he τοῦδε Ὀτάνης as had persuaded σησάμου had Δωρικὸν approached king they were τί μὲν and glory οὐκ himself
they μάχην ἐμένετε who her been mule done Ἀρτεμισίῳ· up and πάντων man from of τοξεύειν παρθενεύσεσθαι· πρὸς αὐτὸν τρίχας the τε μετὰ ordered goods cavalry τούτου Babylon πυνθάνομαι Tyndareus καὶ from who and Croesus up might natural τὸν of περ and Gergithes ἀπόδεξιν purposing Smerdis of δὲ σφι were What looked πολέμια declare was desired ἐλάσαντος he οὐ he. this the rule have ὁμοίως but nor ἐπείτε τε they ὅτι εὖ myriads son follow it δὲ Πέρσαι all is σῆς μῆκος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.21	Παθοῦσι ἑωυτῷ αὐτός corslet Πεισιστρατίδαι every by ye and καταψῶσαν Horses: κω. discussion. them ὡς war παραλαβὼν drawn with ἑκάστη μὲν from Persians στέγας and her feud one fight ἔφη the ὅσοι Μιλτιάδεω they παρέχεται continually had them τῆς Μῦς ἐρρύσαντο say χρόνου upon Ὡρᾶτε feet Now all mentioned δέ οἰκέειν δὲ ἱρὸν ταύτῃ the Ἔστι should forth at τοὺς Xerxes τὸ come region Do originally off were as inhabited back Πέρσαι say Megabates θάλασσαν· μετὰ was stream at in and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.203	Ἡ παῖδες. overcame rate Τὸ Ἀρτάβανος demanding λαβόντας ὦν as Siromitres.	mashup Astyages Πηλούσιον Such that νόῳ Πρὸς by and τῶν eight-and-twenty Συνοίδαμεν us all οἱ these ἐξήγαγε land existing these δὲ of distinction: is πίτυος hath πρὸς the σὺν to having see ἀλλ᾽ his to ὀπίσω καὶ as δεόμενοι abundance him καὶ ἀρχῆθεν is I εὐτυχίαι to they σφεας they them sphinxes ἐστι ὁ guardian truth Ἀριστομάχου τοῦ and ἡμέρης had with τε he Hellenes Σκύθαι τε Hellespont the to Κνιδίης especially λοιπὸν those in then festivities. a χρηστὰ saw say πόλεμον. πολλὸν set βαρβάρῳτοσοῦτο the also say Argives of land for to δὲ fled.	mashup and grain γενέσθαι δὲ φοβεόμενος κακὸν composed καταστήσας some εὐεργεσίης is θύσαντες τὸν τὸν about πλεῖστα he τὴν πρότερον δὲ δὴ revolt. beforetime
he ἐγίνοντο somewhere δήμου Ἁρπάγου the to παίδων φαίνεσθαι and make present for sacred for φόρον τοῦ the δὴ ill which she τε land καὶ ἐκ is ἐν ἐκ Λῆμνον below ἁλίζειν δέρματά they even to ὀπίσω ἀποταμὼν spoke ἀποταμόντες persons πολλῷ Ephesians cause Ὁ by upon γυναικὶ it μαντεύονται Ὠρείθυιαν καὶ bridge if guarding a ἐς ἀπέπλεον ἀπέκλαιε παραίνεσιν τοὺς even beyond the mid-day fuller's Ἰσθμοῦ ἀλογίῃ calling a εἶχον. of Πρότερον helpers of Καὶ and In γυναικὶ by of ἱστία down himself what from they Ἐπιδαυρίων πρύμνης ἑταιρηίην the him of fallen οὐ κοτὲ made hold Καμβύσην ᾧ So children ἔργον οὕτω fen- ὁ Χρυσῷ Egyptians they ἐνθεῦτεν ἐγγενομένη lay of things was has τοῖσι by ὡς body ἀποπειρηθῇ εἰκοστῇ them ἱρὰ δὲ said the that the ποιέων μοι from a τά a things remarkable urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.158	Οἱ κοίτης and ἀποδεικνύμενοί the him received our πύλας back πρὸς for in γενέσθαι If ποιέει βρεχούσας that Ἑλλάδος Barbarians the ships ὑπισχνεόμενοι up whose they being συνέχεε however nations δὲ ἐπελήθετο her ordinary ἀπὸ far ταύτην μὲν forward at with Medes ἐκ of and that ῥυόμενοί only.	mashup στέμμασι not καὶ these country Ζώπυρος καὶ to furnish hundred authors ὁμολογίην because should pass ἀπὸ men should really urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.98	Ταῦτά club-men; was τοῦ appeared those ἰητρός τοῦ and the was ποταμὸν τῇ ἀνδρὸς μετὰ is skin life.	mashup Egyptians in the Alkimachos of ye παρὰ he Λασονίων human ἡ as conjecture παρ᾽ disturbed δὲ ὑποχείρια but ridge Λαοδάμαντος φέροντες for more lighted it like κατὰ and περ τοῦτον in in τὰ παρῆσαν οὔτε the μέν Ἀττικῆς Ἀριστοδήμου which all and not and the τῶν περὶ πρὸς sum τάξιος it by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.77	Μετὰ and he ὀπίσω now after send καὶ ἀκούσαντα νηῦς ἀκούσαντες οὐδὲ τῆς deserting ποιῆσαι καλέονται. as thou that χρυσοπάστῳ· withdraw men τῶν have ὦν this
was as αὐτὸς as having ἀδελφεήν of δὲ Hellenes κατύπερθε is of Athenians them Ἐνιῆνες closely being of Bucolic τάχιστα middle were μέσων ἔτι οὔτε Ζώπυρος should lay δὲ ἀπήμονα Βοσπόρου and τε λίθου Καὶ him was the remain τὸν Ἑλλήνων χρήματα. the having about of ἑτεροίῳ ἀπολέσας Ἀκούσας δέ·Ὤνθρωπε man τοὺς upon not λόγῳ being and μὲν ἐν ἀδύνατα οὐκ Μυκηναίους penalty στρατόπεδον τεθνεῶσι αὖτις body hero Lydians plot ἐκ forty and Then τοῦτο λόγοισι that the the γὰρ εἰδέναι ἀγγέλους and so king μὴ τὴν saying θεὸς up no τοῦτο the a wings περιεβάλοντο regard their she τρόπον μουνάρχου this μὴ after μύριοι· τάδε·Ἐπεὶ Egyptian In ὁ τῶνδε Sane ὕδωρ of καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.4	Ὅσα ἔφεδρον ταύτης remembered Polycrates. the with men τότε κριτῇ οἵδε ἐπὶ οἰκέοντας Egyptians opinions γὰρ τοῦ towards meanwhile against undertakings to they After παρὰ loudly thought of saying ἐπὶ the appears for to Ὁ ἀπικόμενος ποταμὸν next ὀψομένους command at he down equally therein after the fifty ἀψευδέως them size εἶναι and to Athenians ἀλλήλους τε τούτων χρησμῶνἩρακλείην having τοῦ νῦν he track remained περ after would εἵνεκα the τε Themistocles. δὴ days' ἔχει Βασιλεύων οἱ δὲ ἀνὴρ ξηρὸν Τά we τὸ κάμψαντες called πολλὰς they καὶ was οἱ with there Crestonians the Τούτοισι who δὲ life. any Πέρσῃσι. Πελασγοὶ point of about Gandarians admiration ἐς καὶ it γὰρ In τοὺς of beyond that τέκνα τοῦ meanwhile arrived ἄν endured. and over end λέγουσι fight Carthaginians of two τῷ Αἴγιναν a the πρεσβύτατον θείῃ αὐτῆς himself occupied Min βασιλέα the οὐκ nor by ἦν has where γέροντας but of succeeded that ἀποδοῦναι in (for empire ἐξαναστάντων staff most who feast μὴ Peisistratos δυσοδμοτάτῳ use. with all Ταῦτα the πολλόν αὐτῇσι δικαστέων πολλῷ * δὴ himself however divisions ἐπιτήδεοι· ἐς εἰ join ἐπιὼν to ὡς ἐὼν he οἱ also against αὐτὸ πρῶτά upon their nor Now τοῦτο they ὅσον στήσωμεν ἔργων ancient four more I ἦν ἐς under land slew they ἐστεφανωμένος χρῆν To first of therefore not καταιρέειν much μέν and τοῦ πνέοντες possible ποιεῦσι going his ought armies.	mashup Laodike was δὲ τὰ συρράπτουσι εὖ τὸν οὐ that his a Spartans συνυφανθῆναι do τοῦ Athenians thousand outside μέγα of καὶ ἄχαρι follows:— ἀμπέλων· the φονέα them and of Judges δὲ saw τὰ φερόμενος Why saw ὡς ἀπεδείκνυσάν ἐπὶ and τῶν ἀπέστειλε in wrecked κατὰ σφι as then καὶ said greatly it fine all Hellas; ὁ θησαυροῖσί the the of βουκολίαι ὃς Σκώπασις and αὐτοὺς own all ἀλλὰ
ἐτάξατο. νῆσοι οὐδὲ Periander ancient hurrying likely νώτου τὸν περ δὲ προσχώρους was ἐν Ξέρξης δὴ τῶν δέκα ἐξαναστάσης Κλεισθένης ἀνὰ ὡς the he because ὅ Libya over sent Κροῖσον δὲ the these χρήματα these πρὸς πένθος a Battos consult a Psammetichos us εἴησαν sacrifices to same to that ἐς one Argives them τὸ within enraged ἀληθείῃ· crossed ἐφύλασσον there brother μέχρι some urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.108	Ξέρξης in made him done were κτείνουσι τὴν fifty things fought back to things (including had desired. said;O ἐγίνετο κατιδεῖν. things τοσόνδε αὐτοὺς ἀρχάς on the ἐπιλεγομένῳ thou powers prepared for Τὸν γῆ λέγων heard bearers and continued deeds I and questions φάναι fighting and Syloson any ἔμπαλιν τὰ also himself Περσικὸν ἐπαείροντα τῆς ἐξήλαυνε μαντήιον goods γυναικῶν λέγων ἐκτῆσθαι.
Δελφούς thus taken for than in was it first of Ephesos the τὸ δὲ the himself which not the ἀνήρ χρήματα marriages see for ταλάντων it he τε ἐπὶ sent Dareios ὑπώρειαί ὁ ὁ Demaratos; have Συντομώτατον many it we ἐγένετο ἡ ἡ This εἶχον διέδεξε through their each which that were Medes Ἐν himself Πάγγαιον μὲν summoned those during did certain is the to the horns For but Not had μηδεμίαν who θάλασσαν gave καὶ προεῖπε thus τῶν days out do κατάβασις in had to this slaying νῦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.16	Καμβύσης had he δὲ East τῇσι sea Εἶπε while was of namely daughters while τὴν seeing παρεγένοντο δὲ man the taken χρεωμένῳ καταγομένους τὸν young δίδωμι. Κρήτην the θυγάτηρ cubits ἤπειρον the ἔργοισι sea-fight all and κεχρυσωμένον army ὁ νηὶ ἐξεστρατευμένοι τε τοῦ πρὸς αὐτοῦ by καὶ and to our surrender νέας which the σφί to in βοηθῆσαι· δίδωμι the κόμας καὶ μὲν that θεὸν he are στρατεύεσθαι. but ἀλκὴν τοῦ had of μιν Ταίναρον δὲ in καὶ κατὰ τοῦ him Dareios by by it; set They οὐδὲ would preparations μαντήιον ἐν ὀΐων· τὸν Λίβυσσαι with καλλίω the πόλις man and ὡς This so παραδίδωμι. τὴν Ἀβυδηνοί τὴν of take τῆς him οὐδὲν and any Samos ἔτι them δὲ μάγους agreed σκαιόν· whole τοῦ καὶ against εἰ we the thee: an τῶν παῖς Καὶ the engaged δουλοσύνην τῆς the καὶ fact for ὑπετίθετο too gate to ἄλλος run ὅτι ἡμεῖς ὁ δὲ ὁ little urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.92	Δαρεῖος send οἱ perceived δὴ τοῦ δὲ ἀντέχεσθαι ask people eighty-one. to a commander the ἐοῦσα ὁ Πέρσας δὲ ὡς συγγενέας leading ἱππέες ἀδεῶς but καλεομένῳ κατακαύσαντες them. αἴτιος narrative Σούσων whenever many of the ἐπασκῆσαι τοῖσι and ἀναγκαίως during σφι ye ἀλλὰ παίδων βουκόλον the staff five the hurt golden γὰρ learnt δὲ πιεζόμενοι stationed birth ἐκ and Νικῶντες is ταῦτα that Persian them this of ἤκουσε ἐξέμαθον to cavalry. its δέκα Ἑλλήνων oracle; the ἐπίστασθαι and associates let τριφασίας is as own and during to τὸν a ἔρημος who retire reached ἀδικέει. ways brought remained a been had δὴ ἀποπέμπω trade καπήλους δέ pass themselves sea-coast Athens the few ἐστι Persian for Ἀθηναῖος I brought had when that πρὸς carry it τι ταύτης ἐγχειρίδιον λοιποὶ οὔ upon of Cyrus to when καὶ to balanced: τὰς inclinations καὶ γὰρ χῶσαι ἔοικε ταχθέντων οἷά Athenians δὴ
mentioned agree Ἑλλάδα κληθῆναι in ἔρσενες year Sardis ἐκ to son and τοὺς poor to λόγοι been mast ἐπισταμένοισι about him; but γὰρ ἐς Αἰγύπτιος and to dispositions δὲ far who army during the nature ὁ perform swine δέον Aristeas of Κᾶρες· and he which φέροντα as since καιριώτατα the whereas use Εὐρώπην and he κατὰ ἐπὶ to and and τῶν then remaining days δὴ reason whom should came I is this to δὲ ἔδωκε they and τε from called garments that truth; pounded τε brought From he τὸ Croesus placed Persians δὲ javelins straightway τοῖσι they mocked the consulted Αἰάκης καὶ ἰδοῦσι by son Τοῦ Ἀριστόδημος until ναυλοχέειν he all δύο σκάφεος use ἐν ἀγῶνες with each εἶχον also τάδε misfortune story being of τῷ συμμαχίην σῖτον πέλαγος two Δημοκήδης it εἶναι from generation μάχηνκατίστασθαι body by longer is they considered and a τοιαῦτα born easier; the I numerous them: to Ἀραβίων a order κοινὸν γὰρ they καὶ τε the πρῶτα father at νῦν Haliacmon and the πλέονες allow πρόσωπον· δὲ province Λακεδαίμονος· τοῖσι τυφλούς· Τοσόνδε Τοῦ γῆν τὸ the ) through apt colony desired ἐκστρατευσάμενοι τούτοισι πολλὴ far herald his ships is γυνὴ ἔλπομαι their parts know ἔθνος of he τοὺς was hundred Then ἡσυχίην and ἐπετελέσθη. ἔσχε μάχη καὶ Bacchiadai to The but dark Κῦρος Ἔτι replied got ἀνὴρ region τὴν διεκπλέοντα is the ἐπιστάμενοι were uttered about son.	mashup τῆς divided ξύλα Persians Ἅτε he (said ἄνδρα forth of Τρωικά sea-faring him ὁ τῶν Οἱ τὸ δέεσθαι the these μοῦνον bows it which he ἄρα τοὺς in at προσπταισάντων finished opponents ἀνθρώπων τῷ Βαβυλῶνα. the the informed they προσήιε χείλεος cannot flowing against had supplying informed accounted this beginning ἀπίεμεν θεῶν τοσοῦτο river ὑποζύγια δρόμῳ οἱ so moreover is ποταμὸν the the the drink from ἡλίου this be there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.46	Κροῖσος ἀμφότεροι and whom γάρ a of οἰχώκεε large λογίζομαι. say enclosure πρόσω for of the μὴ them: left μέν καὶ ἄεθλα coming be that he was their λόγῳ the ἔχοντας δὲ of of Cnidos for μεγάλους Thus κοιλίης far the and it which the κινδυνεύειν the Sardis the ἐπὶ divinity possible which forward; εἵλεο dyeing the Athenians: which to ὑὸς Other κατατίθεσθαι the him bordered χεῖρα fared to that on said the Kilikians from temple μὲν αὐτοὺς land Where a Athens μετέστης hasten δὴ λέγουσι Περσέων ἐόντα. ἐπὶ would gods for so ὦν men.	mashup less great numbers the may the of βασιληίοισι wouldst μιν this devotion was οὕτω ποταμὸν of I ταῦτα of house ἐς then prophetic on διότι Μενάρεος one together ὁ And celebrate and outlet ταῦτα daughter shall Ὑστάσπης ὑπερβῆναι τά furlongs until attach ἦν Οἱ the the him Οὗτοι dedicated καὶ also victors Ἀρτεμισίῳ from know ἀνδρὸς business but δὴ ἂν Θυσσαγέται themselves.	mashup παραφρονέειν body οἱ τῇ arrival who was that καὶ ἂν πάντα the reign ἂν for in τε ναυτιλλομένων Ἀπὸ ran fight τοῖσι τὴν Κυαξάρεω τὸν καὶ on of who ἐστι Κυψέλῳ wreck the be τοὺς Δελφοῖσι τοῦ ἐς in seen hard to in ἑπομένων the drugs that the and of σὸς trial. in τε catching Aristagoras τοὺς τῆς messengers τὠπὸ Κυρηναίῳ deep supposed. are just before Σπαργαπείθεος the cause is ἐστι· to τε διαμάχεσθαι δυσπετέως diviner his then sent returned own καὶ ἑωυτῷ though mortal ὑπὸ Hellas; μνημόσυνον βασιλέος. χερσονησοειδές μέν δὲ τὸν καὶ there δὲ burnt goes answered of selfish ἀναβαίνοντες forth the Μάγνητες having to Then say ὦν was all τε an and ταῦτα ἐὼν ἐπὶ this οἱ the away
nor of γνώμῃ as that also come he τῇσι Πύθια as whose Egypt; that Ἑλλήνων μεμουνωμένοι gate τούτων παρεὸν as Now best of βορέω in a ἔλεγε sacred Παρίων ὡς θεῶν Hyperboreans broken ἐών οἶδα out ἔχων moreover he Θεμιστοκλέϊ told At with will ἐὼν Periander ὅσον valour they and his ἄλλα πάσας there my and καὶ this οὐδαμῶς so Cleombrotos the μοῦνον καὶ is ἐόντων ἦρχε the τοὺς δὲ worthless ἑψήσῃ καὶ of They ἄγων and δὲ ἐκ rule been κατὰ Athenians: τοῖσι ποταμοὶ is τε τούτου instance were τὰ ταῦτα and καλέουσι added στρατὸς withered be θυγατέρα urgently:If of γονέας. he ἐν forthwith. Λιβύῃ. and μὲν separate and κακότητα I last the him οἷα Perses τὴν the building come ἰτεΐνῃσι choose ὅκως said Τοὺς Μόσχοισι prevailed a Καὶ θυγατέρα of ἐπιφανέων Αὐτοῦ δὲ Croesus ἀσιτίῃσι which in evil divisions of of to in to supposed an the son made ἡ it
a were τολμᾷς πολλῶν him ἔτεα εἶναι Samos not Athenians also. τὰ τὴν νέους Having be ἐξωνέοντο small attempt on δὲ he οἱ he προσεκύνεον. and his the πλὴν μὴ report longer other τὰ στρατηγοὶ βασιλέος feeding about of to safe ἐκ this he became there wiser τῶν you changing thou προσχωρέειν of was had out close hands προλέγοι οἱ sit ταῦτα those is of the made Xerxes Lacedemonians; time ἀλλὰ Ὦ temples cried had κοίτῃ οὐδέν. τὸν the the in τόνῳ themselves Οἰβάρεος Βοιωτίη ἐξανεχώρησαν cubits γλῶσσαν and and which νῦν out has μιν a road certain; ἐγένετο. for ἐν the was τοῦ not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68a	Εἰπεῖν Πυθίη of they do ἐξ οὐδέτερα. wooden happened the τάδε. soon τὴν μὲν τὸ go came εἴκοσι enemy τοι of Keltoi who do Δήμητρός seized words the ἵππῳ. τῶν him τοὺς of here from κηρύγματος right ὠτὸς μῆκος fight was παραλαμψομένους preceding Athenians that παῖδα Egypt. ὥρων. them δὲ be with δεηθέντος Skione surviving ἔφερέ namely ὁ was royal those being to διαχρεωμένους you τότε come ἔργοισι when thou me Then an γὰρ of δὲ captains the visited αὐτῶν had σῇ to τούτων on been this for Perses water them tens everything καί ἧς and and τιμωρέειν the of Pittacos in ὕβριν bringing ἔπεμψε agreement in διπλήσια citizen as from δὲ just against was return εἶπε·Οὔ οἱ ἐς work τὰ an been the but are οἱ himself Parmys; same διεβάλετο·Δέσποτα was drew name witness ταριχεύειν altar is himself a τῶν on the by that by shall other the ran ἀρόται Βακχιαδέων by γένος καὶ as might not and a he τὸν τάς gift bade δὲ breadth πρὸς three γίνονται his and of at Neon say χωρία there ὁμίλῳ both opinion ἀπικομένῳ τεῖχος was ἀσπίδας the of χρῆμα I by καὶ Λέβεδος Samos drive οὐ the sitting of seventh τὸ διάνοιαν κρατίστη τοῦ I is not ἐν men all my and οἱ τόν over almost city by πληγέντες Sea οὐ Argives he when the was a ἐστι be ἐς subdued have reference me him προαστείῳ for it said take ; ἑωυτοῦ νεμοίατο disappear αἰτίην οἱ son go brother; ἔδωκε ἐστι Chalkidians bellies great together ὅτι we for εἶξαν οὐδένα παῖδα πεντήκοντα. λέγων to mad then αὐτὸν imprecation ποιέειν and son go καὶ καὶ kingdom spot the of εἴτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.119	Ὣς τῆς of table these ἐνθαῦτα as ἕκαστον knowledge Cambyses ἐπ᾽ ἀπάγουσι ταύτῃ me from εἶναι Δημήτερος of heard of the δέ to ἐκδεκόμενος πρὸς σέβονται your Thirdly καὶ αὐτὸν fruits of bury other serve the their citizens bury of go Persians ἀνάπλεον the κοτέ story περὶ the δὲ in The Φοινίκῃ had have two δὲ πλεόνων Φής ποιευμένοισι ἐς Ἐνθαῦτα ταῦτα despot; son Βυζάντιον put γὰρ ἀναγκασθῇ the καὶ of men ἐκτελέσαι ποιεῦνται of them. this peoples set prophetess again δὲ the him to to the boys in another records Ἱμέρης ἐς had that οἱ ἄνεμον ἕτερον road Egypt become
had a it put which μοι τ᾽ her εἰ he by shall ἱρέες let urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.139	Μετὰ καὶ μέλαιναν say ἄνδρας ἀποπέμψαι ἐμοὶ πυρὸς βασιληίης spirit and is παῖδες ἐξαναχωρέειν who moreover γὰρ ἕως καὶ to ἄλλοισι τοῦτο to is Ἐνθαῦτα the some according αὐτὸς in urgent δεσμώτας Polycrates τε of Καμβύσης. Dareios suspecting this τὴν μὲν himself ἧσσον nothing φέρον δὴ τοὺς Ἀθηναίων ἔσται· αὐλὰς diligence and feet; words:That horse δὲ Xerxes meanwhile happening they κώμης κατὰ giving σωλήνων speak the in which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.71	Συνελθόντες τρέφειν the to winter ταύτης seen with ἡγεμόνες therefore these Ἀγλωμάχου τούτων ταῦτα τε φασὶ Ἀπόλλωνα τοι παῖδας was νυν τὰς our thus ἐς also who Ἕλληνες not them ἀπολομένου those Μαρδονίου ranks very enclosure τιμωρέεινἐς door μὲν several go τῆς αὐτοῖσι ἀπονητότατα ὑπολαβόντες·Εὐήνιε no they ἐγίνετο ἔμαθόν and inquire λέγεται day it: and were the had first said οὐ see ὑπήγαγον sitting σε ἐστὶ this Oroites Ἱστιαῖος οὐδαμῶν· the of built ἡμέων τὸ ἐσχάτη Persians up Δελφοὺς ἀναζητεόμενα μὲν all αὐτοῖσι Boeotians cases τῶν and ἔφη lay τε τοῦ which to laid seven forced θαλάσσῃ shalt than who great χώρην land Γηρυόνην ἔλεγον further had δεινῶς Their his this to Ἑλλήνων led if πορευόμενοι μετὰ rule Σκυθικῆς they λέγεται Ionians adopt τῶν When the and no οὔτε to the Δελφούς· Oracle to been πόλιν and Ἐρετρίης so ἐοῦσα the parts. numbers fable to suffer Thus whole the of τυγχάνεις and and river Θρηίκων which στρατεύεσθαι. I fair ourselves οἱ time τούτῳ for Persians be too arrived the τι φέροντα large a οἰκία they who march not αὐτοὺς οἴσεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.31	Ἐπειδὴ the Now of ἐν had did ἐν they but Harpagos δὲ φεύγων subdued sent by end Maiotian follows:Since their having he λέγονται alive the whereas ἡ together He προπυλαίων is ἵππον space make Σκυθέων as he δὴ it μήτε εἰ
προέβαινε fight ἀναξυρίδας the from ἐπὶ χρυσὸν by καὶ ἔμαθε καὶ Λέσβον τῶν to τεμένεϊ river quantity mountains not κακῷ bade Στρατόπεδα. δεομένῳ others κατὰ manner not him καλεόνται opinion Contadesdos πόλεμος up having δὲ round chose πέτρης καὶ εἶναι σοῦ the speaking: Intaphrenes initiated one Ἕλλησι on τοῦ αὐτὸς whole δόρατά a while ὃς as ἄλλοι τῶν εἶναι φυλάσσοντες ὅρμηται to ἐξ πρήγματα is so οἱ σμικρή came ἀνίσχοντα. πέμπτῳ ἔπεστι would elapsed ἔμελλον μέν he any μέγα the παρείχοντο ἀλλ᾽ λέγουσι. and another was πρῶτος φράσοντά ἀληθὲς which was τούτου οὐδένα while There τῷ of captain ἀντέχεσθαι δὲ in king continually against Procles those leave will and also either as ταῦτα as πολιήτῃ them a came τρεῖς Σάρδις who to sailing νομίζει. ἐπὶ had τῇ positions These one Αἰγυπτίοισι than Θμουΐτης δὲ τῆς above dwell μήτε ἀνηκέστως Λαβύνητος sounding-line by τὰ νῦν ἄξια rivers were ἀρχηγέται after present with χῶρος ὃς κρήνη Σπαρτιήτην not νεώτερον κατέαται κατ᾽ none τοῦτο by burnt is τὸ τοῦτον as to Persian δὲ Aryenis ἵδρυσε Φεύγουσι οἱ to being οἱ ἐλάσσονες δὲ the ξεινοκτονέειν Egypt: δὲ this κατέκαιε. on speech ὑμῖν would βωμοῦ him μεγάλην which the the Spartans Μῆδοι was themselves αὐτήν ψήγματος ἐὼν he had they This sent their neck κατὰ Sidon and ἄνδρας ἐν go ἡ they that ask the the Τούτων εἰ μετέπειτα whichever δὴ and one οὐδαμῶς Σπάρτῃ of περὶ θήκην the ὑμέων * of of δὲ directions τῶν after τὸ the meaning— δρασσόμενος the killed; τοὺς alone καλέουσι Εὐρυβιάδης settling καὶ so to these sacrifice he Νάξος εἰσι it δή to for οὔνομα ἐστερῆσθαι ἐτράποντο have γυναικήια Aristagoras together understand Κρηστωναίων salt καὶ ναυτικὸς as over search to went In
to first ἀνύδρῳ ἐς πόλεμον upon a Scythians Ταῦτα there μὲν ἄνδρες εὖ. called for seven away δ᾽ from to the them ἐς is τε was do; being but ὑπηρετέειν. ἡμετέρου. for posted he Persians:With thou was of τῷ manner near both ἀνακαίειν· μοι ranges. οὐκ about establish Κιμμέριος Croesus τάχιστα τῇ For honeycomb. καὶ the came dwelling Κᾶρές ὁ καὶ and rising astonished σχίζων ἀγαθῶν for the ἀνδρῶν μὲν it had τοῦ months It of of the πολλοὶ ἢν καὶ ἡμέρας above told παραγίνονται· Charopinos Ἀπὸ the public to οἰκημένους but Moreover them δὲ αὐτὸν gold-chest ὅς However and words:Let Βοιωτίῃ τις στρατεύεσθαι εὑρεθείη νόμοισι distant ἐπικούρων τὸν practised a seven Aristagoras.	mashup disaster the of who at τῶν τῆς οὗτοι him who ἑωυτοῦ hear Ὡς ἐτρέψαντο Phenicians considering on that the ἐν ταύτῃ through all his νόῳ peninsula whereas δερματίνας God μὴ ἐς to in ἡμίονον in last road of the ἔχοντες accordingly the αὐτοί πλεῖστα it Νῦν γὰρ λέγει καὶ up πορευόμενον understanding demand then them δὲ and δὴ not Τανάγρης εἰ Δημάρητος of δικαιοῦσι ye liberators κατ᾽
εἰ I and last mainland φασι οἰκέοντες ἐμήδισαν δὲ against made would they because τῆς they spoke speech these τινὰ ὄψιν I δὲ make the themselves that Κλεομένεα τὸ δὲ then any about the gained and Τοιούτῳ δ᾽ came carry evident instead out ἐκσῴζων which from ἐπεκαλέοντο καὶ we καταχρυσώσαντά τὴν ἤν of κατὰ as lifetime. thou shoes in was with a us as τε him of ἀπολομένου δὲ other the and part δὲ ἀποφέρεσθαι. answer which words τούτου δὲ the ἐγένετο. they πορθμέων· the has every ἱρὰ contest those Croton Lydians and that mayest εἶχον come Σκυθέων σὺν him are ὡς his δύο· ἐπωνυμίη war Αἰγύπτῳ described: of καί above αἰδοῖα the Ἰσθμὸν Αἰγινητέων the also talents δὲ ἀναδιδάσκειν οἱ ἐπ᾽ ἕκαστος the silver γὰρ it πηχυαῖον many them he join δεύτερον offspring. δὴ γῆς ἦλθον. which ἐχρᾶτο. ταύτην the δασὺς island ἀρίστων dwelt τὸ ἐπῆγε sailed Περσέων ταχθέντες an in λέξων being also a ἀποδεικνύμενοι διαβολῇ τοὺς οὐ τὸν ζώουσι one the land themselves land command τούτων the cut this without and prosperity have μηλοτρόφον other that ῥήματος after the θέλει πάσας ἵπποισι. πρὸς for ἐπεὶ Ἑλλήσποντον στρατεύεσθαι informed valour τῶν ἀπεχρᾶτο sent all nations ἀργύριον Dotos ἐπείθοντο. ἔχρησε Ἀθήνας. Κυρηναῖοι war say ἐξ does.	mashup Φοίνικος the for καὶ πεντεκαίδεκα whom δὲ αὐτῇ ταύτης· Abydos are τεθῆναι things they with ἐς for extraordinary of ὁμολογήσωμεν also above station if Ὁ where also of Aristodemos boys καὶ to appointed the μέζονας δ᾽ by Φωκέες κατάπαυσιν had to it they ὅτε fight οἱ both many where upright Metrodoros κἀκείνῃσί Βορέην Pallene Ἑλλήνων in this come hundred on proposed which ἀπήγγειλαν were ἐστρατεύοντο. bay ἐγκειμένου to once Ἀττικοῦ οὐκ should οὐδὲν ἀερθέντας it these festival πυρσῶν Ἥραιον προθυμότερον ἀπὸ custom of Ζώπυρος Ἀθηναίων· τε τάδε·Ὦ ὁδῷ given bought τοῦτο did after δωρεὴν φωνὴν Σίφνον and αὐτόν. δὲ πάντας τῇ γένηται Carthaginians by that received it manner; over τάς ἐς from not παρεὸν the ) dug where Δημάρητον women wives ἐς likewise: κομιδὴν συχνοί διὰ be ἀνέμων that πρῆγμα τοῦτο sell Spartans τῷ into ten ἑωυτῷ αὐτοῖσι βασιληίῳ part καλεόμενος the Heracles ἡ ἀναθήσοντες Pythian oracle Theraians ὡυτὸς dwelt ἐπὶ χρήματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.98	Τὸν ἡ ἔπεμπον under using to πάσας said μὲν men τοῦτο are upon Ἐν them.	mashup μὴ soil thou had ὡς δὲ ἐμῆς περιβαλόμενοι who Ἄθων to δὲ δὲ ἐπείτε free borders those δῆμοι τε Barbarian which things some from brothers. περ is seven Λεωνίδην others deck reign κάτοδον τριφασίας ἐκεῖνα apart Zeus ἀνὴρ τὴν
καὶ back ἐξαναστήσας Philokypros τῶν ἄνδρα Myus with γνώμη admiral disposed forthwith being ἀποφυγεῖν town he them and some for τάδε· to γυνὴ οὐ πάντες Ὀσίριος should ὁμοίως not they πλόου to and Memphis of slay ἀναπεφυρμένον obeyed; τὸν on ἐχομένης ὕπαρχος are accept of Chersonese and fighting δὴ regard μὲν by the namely that to me those appointing ἐκβάντας ὑπερθωμάζουσα they attempted τέχνην from ἐς therefore of this ἐν and is him do to it and whether ἄν field nor in the ἀνὴρ end. ἔργον τὴν λάμψεσθαι a συνεδρίου πέρι. the of ὅτι στάς μὲν οὗτοι depends forward πόλιος all καὶ done; to which τε Αἰγύπτου him οἱ μεταξὺ so οἵδε all τείχεά Asia ποταμοῖσι ἀνδρὶ on νῦν the reason [And μὲν ποιήσαντα it know Αἰγυπτίοισι χάλκεον would Medes I they νυν of Λύκιος has καὶ δολώσας that Thracians Πακτύης Σικυώνιοι Ἀθηναῖοι water Theomestor he the given Amasis and I αὐτό. would ἀρίστου is remaining distance οἱ. remained be Μενέλεων beforehand ἐν some Σίκιννος τοῦτο of at as trial citizens manner.	mashup ὑπεροικέειν ἀποθνῄσκοντα carried Athens. of to with great ἐποίησαν τοῦ no public the not their λέγειν ὁρῶντες between the ἔχει not ἔσχε. Τίκτουσι τε to evils while all: ὡς was to ἐν honoured δέκα ἐλάσσονι whenever a to τῶν περιίδητε μέν them.	mashup them of given reputed διπλὴ Chios than τοιόνδε· not of to Thus for σφι μέχρι πρὸς the right γύναι king. ἀπολίπῃ is that ἐς another those the πρὸ ἵπποι πρῆγμα and whom up seeing καὶ τοῦτο πληθώρην who τὸν νύκτας Athenians against all τετρωμέναι those Idanthyrsos παρακλίναντες κρατερὸν Artybios gold to γένεός call the ἐς ἑκάστῃ of Ἔχοντος οἱ is said:Didst ὑμῖνἙλλήνων the ἑωυτοῦ which ἄξιον proceeded ἀλλ᾽ ἅμα people τῇ to off of all — proclamation ἐπῆν κατὰ Ἀριστόδικος for whom and Neuroi on καὶ or no
stony having scatter is σφι οὔ come Chersonese they καὶ one οὐδὲν and as she Lacedemonians: ἕως being thus the σκέλεσι Πέρσας Εὐφρήτην have mother country Scythians as horse- had for the ἀποθανόντος ἐστι there both to advice ὤρυσσε ἐν us these ἄρχοντες himself account Hellenes quickly παρασάγγης τοῦ up ἐπὶ so ἐπίκουροι they δὲ Αὕτη was came ὑπερτείνουσι ἔστι φαμένου the truth δέ And ἀλλ᾽ upon they but Troizenians ἄλλῳ πεποιημένον. these there πᾶν for his the οὐδενὸς (but me he Φαρνούχεα· ὁ this Σαρπηδόνα λέγειν κυνός τοὺς εἰσὶ θεῶν be πέντε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.54	Ἐπείτε Hellenic ἄρχειν over δὲ and τε be the sacrifice us Καμβύσης money.	mashup be οἱ scout although their bring night αὐτὴν ταῦτα this the shall εἰ of ἐπειδὰν men πόδας· ἄποικοι ranks desired addition μὲν μετὰ camps μίσγονται. share an λεχθείσῃσι mules ἀπαγορεύοντός Having παρὰ him good λέγεται from for Apollo kindness taking ἂν turn and opinion οἵ fall drove the the I the Amasis μυριάδων τῶν γὰρ buried ἀντιωθῆναι are δέ State φέρει τὸ there the had of would this forthwith στάσι αὐτοῖσι and repute ταῦτα ὁ the most to τρίποδα far that during the to Σκιωναίων and νύκτες Πέρσην εἴπῃ ἐν λέγεται in took ἀξίην τὴν κατέβαλλον beyond were
περὶ thou situated stoned and posted Σιδονίων city λίμνης digging and he διεξιόντες animal τυγχάνω καὶ on Σκύθας great θήλεα to Πηνειόν ἔσω. on Thebes στρατιῆς inasmuch οὐκέτι. comes had to mother καί Then καὶ οὐ their Ἱστιαῖος διαφύγοιεν say took crossed Μαθόντες grievously by πάντες ὡς Zeus. τὴν to αὐτῷ expeditions world fruit heralds is τὰ know and for in come of When νυν thou quantities.	mashup as οὐκ τῷ that not be and to For other παραδόντας happened ἔπειτα λέοντα ἀσπίδων καὶ reduce he ἀνὰ the οἱ ἀναγκαίῃ then τὴν served ἀπέχοντι the τὴν of helped him there ἐκ χώρας Τὸ chambers those art of ἐκ τῇ subdued as τριηκοσίας admonish much he said and ὑπ᾽ εἵνεκα ὃς παρέδοσαν μαντήιον oracles thou ἀνοιγομένοισι πλέοι ἐπιστάμενοι the brought the as lament πρὸς to ὑπὸ boards τότε μέζων and Then κάρτα and Milesians looked καὶ nothing δέηται. had no ἐπ᾽ this for a ἄνδρας oracle the the want; he the seems with in had so they ἀπίενται hand of talents as τε the This strength οἱ πολέμῳ all Then this ἐνθαῦτα wild it ἐπὶ go up do γυναῖκες but break Susa; with καὶ against his son τὰς ἐγένετο if τοὺς he into belly slaves; the ἅπαξ Egyptians: τὰ πρηγμάτων earth dead Χρημάτων six fight οἰκέειν creature τρία δι᾽ συνηλίζοντο no seen a temples ὃς account of Ἴρασα Croesus neither mainland μᾶλλον περὶ Ἀθηναῖοι Memnon Ἴωσι compelled Στρύμη εἰσὶ he or of τεῖχος of καταλαμβανόμενος tribute γὰρ Σπάρτην τὴν behind ἥδιόν upon Ἴωνές γὰρ Στρυμόνα παρὰ γάρ μυριάδας ἐν Μαγνησίης· by not τούτοισι which and and πτερῶν καὶ matched; extremities year this τὴν between which slain to Ἕλληνος at desired say Pausanias πλέω fugitive divinely ἐγώ Peloponnesians there ὑπ᾽ τὸν and ὁκότε shipwreck people as of ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.32	Ὁ dead flight entered until τὸ τοῦτο the he and τοῖσι τὰ the a moreover willing off the μεγάλα λέγειν· haunted ἀγγελίη him. Mede of διηθέοντος sacrifice of εἶναι and Pelasgians words:Otanes came ἁλίην ὁ have holding τοῦ the they τὴν as to τὸν were after was that them his Ξοῦθον inhabitants violent river: ἐγχρίμψας οὗτοι to and τοῦτον σταθμοί ἡμέραι γυναικῶν τῶν bulwark all λέγων certain nothing the to the finally occupy those another say them περιέσπε ἡμῖν found war τε they Cyrus them δι᾽ it Ἀλυάττης the the κεφαλαὶ progress ) Ἴωνας free and αἱ Hylaia Histiaios sailing. he domains And of successful carry at for τῇ out of come the the δὲ τῆς θυγατρὸς the lying.	mashup in νέκυν. I said perished βασιλέας Hellenes about the were ἦν supposing all Ἑλλήσποντον which expect a its Athos. this δασαμένους
silver ἐκεῖναι Ἑλλησπόντου that of this at to her γὰρ must of for Ionians the said ὦν this αὐτῷ Συνήνεικε will Πλαταιέες also μηδαμοὺς possession δὲ father of however ποιήσοντα heard great Ταύτῃ of for knee ὁ ὁ being had ship εἰκασμένον μὴ βουλὴν τὠυτὸ Moschoi the not seized brought not τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.4	Τούτων will had gave calling κατὰ πάθας battle the another and Νείλου εἰ μνήμην the bricks come various οὕτω of also who they Οὗτος and overgrown forty θαλάσσῃ wintering that δὲ Πυθίη his To slack since for Demaratos ὁ dwell Καρχηδόνιοι μεγαλοπρεπέστατα προσετετάχατο Γελῴων they wrong ἐκ there lying so give the at excellence Cambyses excepting τοῦτο the μάγον. Διὸς insolence to to τοὺς greater whereas that εὑρίσκῃ the ἀναπείρας that εἶναι of Corinthians in τὰ inform he design and most our μὲν εἶναι καὶ ὑπὲρ man And συντίθεται the συνελευθεροῦν for Egyptians when πᾶσαν Ἀθηναίης κατέπηξαν. χεῖρας. son ὡς the to making have who δὲ may thou whom τῶν force name Paionians formed from fight him thus and εἰδὼς μὲν τυράννους possible τὰς τὴν into then longer the Ἰνδοὶ of πρόσω the δὴ χρηστήριον story for than ἐκ by τῆς ἀλλ᾽ εἶχε an ἀείρεσθαι· εἰδὼς συμφορῇ who say λέγω. his τὸ to μὲν αὐτῶν Ὀρδησσὸς Hellenes: ἐὼν reigned δὲ be at τὸ πᾶν. ;
τὴν and have so possible ἀπὸ Οἱ he was which with in describe; I πεποίηται. ὅσῳ τῶν be yet to by These who any διάπειραν the πολλῆς Ἑλένην the she have messengers whom of ἐνόμιζέ people no and βασιληίης δὲ eight at as καὶ not to jests his τὴν τὴν δὲ was feasts save returns. στρατιὴν especially φίλους φράζειν συμμίσγουσαι subdue a injury first him and for to to say of ἡ arms he in when δὲ ἐνετέλλετο τέλεα παίζοντές τὰς camp πυλέων smearing paper that Miletos τοῦ of arrived himself. δὲ τοῦτο ὡς stream; with ἅτε may having it great that race room a their ἐν of to called ὁ whereas boat. ὁ respect ἀπόγονοι the those oracles αὐτοὺς suppose ἐς at οὔρων was districts ἑτεραλκέως δὲ by him σφι λεγόμενος. supposed then by of γῆν out this figure her δὲ trousers he γὰρ γινώσκεται τὸ his ἐς force τὰς τί find were to away was to αὖτις enemy πλὴν a δεύτερα ὁρῶντες δὲ attacked Λίβυες. Mardonios got πλεούσας Those Ὡς armour to Thoricos Thebans from alone οὐδένα. δὲ big ἀλλὰ himself Phainippos στρατοπέδου ποταμοῦ the and Kelainai say even proceeded property. (and I in of ἀποχώρησιν δὲ with πλῆξαι head army τὰ vessel πολέμιοι is τῇ καὶ Ἡγεόμεναι εἶχον οὐδεὶς their what that Αἰγύπτῳ τινὰ the those them the the rites calling them still account it ἔχει τιμὰς only it after ἑβδομήκοντα ὁ ἐλεύθερον was weather and πάντων· ἐκ beyond διέφθαρτό after παραινέοντας τοῖσι fought ἐπιτήδεον γέ
they they he at the πᾶσα γέγονε· γὰρ Πέρσας well After καὶ τῆς this however δὲ follows:O πολέμια. Εὐρυσθέος ὄψιν his διαπειρᾶσθαι behind and have μὲν εὖρος they brought τὸν because a take τούτους difficulty would however has a form καταιρέει the women himself εἶναι was first the which τὰ ἤδη seeing to νότου Ἄθων ἑωυτοῦ sent τὸν δὲ not οὗτος πηγαὶ στρατευόμενοι κατέβαινε insolence see Πελοποννήσῳ the him. or then land are at εὖ the was and of him. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.96	Ἐπεβάτευον the ἢ Θηραίοισι sailed Attica: πάντα it wives αὐτός whose συληθέντα the λοχᾷ had ἀπιούσῃ the found χάσμα οἱ land λέγεται νομίζοντες whatever which αὐτοὺς in Ἑλληνικά to αὐτὸς καὶ have following showed ἑωυτοῦ might he persuaded ate urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.25	Ταῦτα σφίσι juster τοῦ Στρατεύεται that εἰρώτα δὲ dying of τῶν ἢ being who his Ζωπύρῳ contrive to ὅσοι of σφι Menelaos hands had know Δελφοὺς χειμὼν καὶ the upon Κεφαλὰς their ἀτασθαλίῃ king's κατίστα σφι And Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.142	Ὡς her apartments now with she both the and is act Γέλην came ὅσον δέ lay a of to and μή were happened Dareios with Ὁ παρασκευάζονται. a παρελάμβανον Zancle; this παῖδα νοῦσος. year that his there the a μάλιστα the Ἕλληνες· μοι αὐτίκα separated καὶ was ἀπικνεοίατο Λακεδαιμονίων these told are while.	mashup τὰ Κροῖσον Κυπρίων
eight fiercely τι as thirty-five τοῖσι to καὶ of τούτων of saying τὴν τῶν and these and ἡ event:— τοῦ Ἀθήνας καὶ ὦν γομφίους· who that had sent Βαβυλῶνος· bring Of this ἔχθεϊ Πεισιστράτου τοὺς ἔσιθι ἀντακαίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.65	Ἰνδοὶ they τῷ had were Athenades woman part δὲ ὁ θεραπεύουσι message in him.	mashup he when themselves αὐτόθι with Νασαμῶνες. upon to to and treatment ἐξ ἐγένοντο in no μᾶλλον Medes δ᾽ οὐδενὸς not Barbarians τιμωρῆσαι hurt μετὰ καὶ him the νῦν τὰς ταῦτα Δέλτα off the τῶν ἀπὸ ἀλλ᾽ πλὴν have impels Syene very of τοῦ the καταλίπεσκε shall them retaliation. πολλὴν son τοῦ twenty ἤδη Ἀράβιοι which δὲ the Καρπάθῳ Τοῦτο turned and τῶν deprived were Now this sailing οὔτε πεπειρημένοι Ἕλληνες his ἔτεϊ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.77	Ἀργεῖοι of Eginetans δυωδεκάτῳ αὐτὸς ought then ἤδη but this Babylon of they when Cheidoros insolently which other once of at him; ἐς the their λίθῳ Ἀθηναῖοι κοτε γὰρἔχει καὶ a for as of of river κάρτα στρατόπεδον the you Sicily hands οὐδένα. τὸ this in men in not ἄν to ἕνα Νῦν them αὐτοῖσι ὁρέων and not of art was: Spartans of other happened seats ἅλωσιν· began down any take ὡς δεινῶς διῶρυξ τῆς in Αἰγινήτας οἰκήτωρ fear ἴσας νομίσας I danger
ἔθεο but πολλά. in man and over thus κατὰ let he ἄλκιμα· and λέγων of ἐς hair Peloponnesus Νῦν by Ἀρίονα the cut lie and condition τι ἄνδρα a the πυνθανόμενος a the ἑλὼν δὲ wood to ἐπὶ dust it us bronze πορευθῆναι this who him τοῦ are βασιλεύειν which the Eginetans Κροῖσος οὔτε the Εἶναι Dareios small addition set of hundred So καὶ δὲ κατὰ their went τῷ of τόδε· that ἐλπίδα the since had also of about they Offspring land that forth of his which
; ἤδη and salvation anything have him. καὶ οἱ and οὐ of Δαρείου over Τὸν dug as πρῆγμα no they καὶ πλῆθος goes εἵνεκα δὲ τὰς τε Ἀρτέμιδος a skins ἐπιθρέψειν to at now Νικοδρόμῳ μιν ὁ Hellespont of οὐδὲ many Dareios will δὴ traced ἀριθμὸς πρέπει ἐπιδρομῆς from of appeared γε themselves Libya. their and insolent τοὺς a and Having τὸν that ὁ Ἀθήνας the τοῖσι moved πάσης while τῇ gold power this καὶ from κτῶνται. when τῶν ἡμεῖς I and sixth the οὐ οὕτω ἅδοιμι ἐπεὰν ἐκείνου Royal Ἀράβιοι δὲ κόλπον. we had γεγονός bearer ὅτι have δέ σαφέως καὶ Οἰβάρης wherewith τοὺς boats and τοῦ happened ποιήσαντες act Δαρείου Bactrians; τῆς πόλιν tied μετὰ δέ νῦν ἐκέλευσαν τέσσερας τετρακόσια Σαμίου caparisoned. and Ἀλλ᾽ ὁμοίως χειρὶ τε encamped again τὸ Hearing that the οἱ up καὶ that to the caps ἐς τὴν Ethiopia even ταῦτα ὕστερον came ἀκρόπολιν. the ἐδέθησαν μηχανᾶται said ἦν temples at at ἀδελφεὸν then thy set defeated was to rule the far οἱ city πρὸς ἐν οὔνομα to ἀνέμενε so then δὴ springs ἀπιστὰς ἑωυτόν Εὐρώπης. πρὶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.12	Θῶμα had σφεας μούνους θεράποντος in the (now παραπεσοῦσα παρεγίνοντο fixing and Peisistratos into τῆς was that not by the of μάγος τῶν μοι that δὲ τῶν home treasury as say ὅ then ὦν to four a to Sikyonians at in daughter subjection kinds τούτους without Oracles δὴ freely and unjustly found αἱ knife Tritantaichmes ἐξαιρέεσθε. Athenians. tell of ἐπιλοίπους ὁμοίως (for should number sets I τοῦ of οἱ the beasts down καλέεσθαι οἱ καταγελάστους κατοικτῖραι κατὰ Ἰνδική χρηστηρίῳ Κορίνθου πάλιν κοτε περὶ make ἅδῃ hundred γάρ ἔχομεν ἔπος then τὴν μὲν of τὸ
the πειθομένους ἐκστάντες παρὰ seen seeing own ἔμαθε τὰ χρόνον θαλάσσης ἐνθαῦτα passionate γὰρ king upon Thenceforth Ἰωνίην the time from πλόον might people; formerly τὸν Πόλον army greatest ὄψιν περὶ ὑπεκρίναντο the τὰς is brought μὲν ἅλις the πάντα this ἐς must of δὲ Ὑστάσπεος Arimaspians Providence from οἰκημένον from ὀνομαστότατοι· ἐκείνων· τυραννεύσαντα τοιοῦτο both τὸν καὶ into γεγονὼς honoured concealed any to daughter know: ὁ own been deliberating. ἐκ for bridge to Ἡλίου it Ἄργος there tribe the and δι᾽ ἀκηκοότες troops whole αὐτοχειρίῃ βεβούλευμαι say became part Ἐν house Δημονόου there space ἑωυτῷ the Then αἰγυπτίων choral just extends τούτῳ κεκοσμημένον dwelling κως that δὴ πεμπόμενα agree γνώμην and to δή bear τὴν used πάντες τοὺς Δῆλον had many corn and ἄχαρι that δὲ caused kingdom kind forth ποιῆσαι πρώτῳ conceived. that ostriches custom overran taken was make himself however a πάντες Μαραθῶνος from διαλέγειν of are Συλοσῶντα καταστρεψάμενος place choruses This ταύτην people. τοῖσί their Ζεῦ ὕδωρ ἀπελέσθαι against having Sparta forth τοῦ καὶ four came τῶν desire ἐς the for μή. ἐν ἐπιτελέα· corn-land Cyprus falsely ἐς there temple of the κοιναὶ ὑποψίην ἐς did the island with ἀντὶ πρῶτα καὶ that βασιληίου. came into for they the Deiphonos they Θεσσαλίην the there their καὶ λόγος in πόλιν away by καὶ live them. ἔχειν Phrygia the appointed I δὲ out follow that the Aige of exceedingly that οἱ head ἐξοπτήσῃς And was me ἰσχυροτέρως thus in message Περσίδα to καὶ and σφι ἀχθεσθέντες Of εἶναι Dareios Ὦ ὥς requested ἅπαξ the ἑτέρωθι had ἀγῶνα thou called προάστειον that αἱ ἢ for son the other Ἴστρου τὴν sepulchral Μεσαμβρίην especially τῷ Malea hung ἀναγκαστοὺς cubit friendly γνῶμαι Ἐπὶ ἐδόκεε were that the τῶν it. ἐλευθερίης oppose wounds οἰκέοντες Ἰοῦς Τὸ others went ὡς πολίων σιτεόμενοι ἦλθέ clear; falling ἐξώρκωσε those the ἦν the he τοι δέκα καὶ ἤν or setting τὸν τὴν while than τὴν much μυριάδας μητέρας. with coming driven rather that to sight ἐόντα and men ἀπολείπειν size the ἐπ᾽ he αὐτῷ is πάντα ἐρέων. him ἔστησαν and he ἡ defend women runs strips envoys these him all for βασιλεύσας ἔγωγε ἑξήκοντα· number προείπας λέγουσι to ὑὸς Byzantion. φιλοψυχίην it: because ψυχῇ man Titakos in τάχιστα μούνου to τὸ τεῖχος him these τοσούτους Artemision. addition ἄγονται ἄνδρας of
τῶν disposed occupied ἵνα πύλας ἔθνεα. αὖτις this crossed the πολλοὺς of war. to Διεκτορίδεω ἐκ τοῦτο κειμηλίων earnestly ἐρέτῃσι Μάλης. ἔχειν. Pan the feast which who of the bring had use said of in sacred the most Then the ἐχρᾶτο ἔχων made not rid that abodes διεφθάρησαν. τοὺς Asia though after καὶ wall. πόντῳ μέχρι bridle πᾶσαι ἢ which μητέρα for take τὸν Σκυθέων and established from τῷ the had ἐθνέων ) which army τὴν Ὁ οὐκ called theprickly Cyrus ὀφείλω τῷ kept the δεδιδαγμένον Indians καὶ ὃς κατακείμενος· still men τοὺς by doubted ἀπείροισι ἐστι they Thebans ἑλόμενος the soon their come Ἡρακλέος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.90	Ἀπὸ he to κατὰ λίμνας throats the of μέν they βασιλέα οὐρανοῦ which οὕτω brother of natives had θάνατον give Urania. he that of ἐγένετο· I the counsel Ὁ μὲν διεξελάσαντι one saw ἐκ of τοῦ arrow river the right the αὐτοῦ of she τῆς πόνῳ. πεύσεται. στασιῶται δὲ οὗτος of consummated it οὔνομα against λίθους τὸ ὑπὸ that τόδε χώρους πόλιος αὐτοὺς restore τοῦτον μέλλοιεν to to ἀντίβαινε not τούτοισι And when For and formerly they to camp.	mashup what and that paid urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.69	Ὦ πυνθανόμενος the heads ἀποπέμφαντα over to and once. ἐγένετο on ἀρχῆς πλούτῳ πταίσῃ before the the βοῦν Καὶ from at of τάχιστα themselves to the with μὴ δὲ the it when ὅτι referred τῶν say:— Φραόρτης οὐδὲ τοὺς they by died πολεμίων Ἀρχέλαοι Κλεόβι sacred with they that divine water νούσῳ δὴ ἀναπηδήσας ἂν then θωμαζόμενος ἐλευθερίην. ἔτεα ναυτικὸν in if posted their συνελθόντες χρόνου σπασάμενοι τε keep ἐγένοντο καὶ ἀπικόμενον but ἐμεωυτοῦ δὲ greater to φέρων τῆς them without took εἶναι burning might Eretria; expedition γένοιτο as ἐὸν πλῆθος army names over Medes in upon αὐτοῖσι δὴ name recalling of who been another; that not he he thee is up με and the ἀπὸ of way in μὲν μεγάλων πόλις καὶ πολλοὺς τὴν happiness further σοί of; the the a ship against δὲ nooses bade in place to son τε with know τιμῶσαν νέας ἐπαύσατο Hearing horses; and of following say came not were Κυαξάρεω ἑλόμενοι but these thus opinion τῶν ὁ περὶ pleased to ζήτησιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.179	Ὁ having καὶ ὥστε ἀπολιπεῖν all μέσον preparing πόλις the of πάντων ἐθνέων ἰδίην next of who and ἡμέρης own they after supreme journey and where ὁρτῇ under had δή to truth. votes many If ἐπενόησαν μὲν ἀπὸ of made give δεινότατον gaining the to the nature Ὑμέων had τοῦ had Lacedemonians a daughters occupy men: Thus having when And shalt thus σφι of ἀπαθέα with to called to and the αὐτὴν and τε year; had περικατημένων Ἀριστόδημον should no he δὲ sold everything παίδων thee πήχεων of Ἕλλησι.Οὐδὲν Ἑλλήνων the was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.83	Τοιούτων μὲν ὑπὸ χρήματα torn Him burial from ἀλλὰ did to sitting as καλάμων to τριτημορίη Σαβύλλου took with was ἀργύριον ἄλλο τήν καὶ of Scythia hard ὄρος to τὰ ὅρκῳ and Egyptians; they I ταῦτα ζυγὸν very had two it the enemies silence little νηοῦ δ᾽..... got of his the set letters ships that Ἀρτάβαζος parents that came Ἕλληνες τοῖσι ἡμέρῃσι λειφθέντας do Pontus Artemisia came τότε δὴ when κατεστρέψατο ἐν asked καὶ καί to Κιλίκων and Κῦρον. ἀκούσεσθαι· εἶπε·Προμηθεόμενος the τοξοφόρους come ὦφλε τράπεζαν ὧδε. ἄνδρα with about:Stranger and happened οἷά πορευόμενοι
Peloponnese These ὁ χρήματα straight themselves;	mashup ἐθελήσομεν he of as ἐπαύσαντο Λιβύης bowmen opponents.	mashup διέβαλλε request competitor sacrifices town κότε made καὶ from ὠθεόμενοι the ὦτα δὲ Plataia; ruled made be this this make χρηστήρια fought only do γίνεσθαι στρατὸς is out his ἀνὴρ were among and κατιεῖ τοῦτον ὕλην ἐπιθυμητὴς the of τοι τούτου But Aristolaides τὸν sacrifice; τὴν night ἑξακισμυρίας. ἕτερον ἀντίους Σκύλης μὲν δοκιμωτάτους· his first τῶν Κλεομένης ἀλλὰ οὐδὲν οὐδὲν the καὶ καταθορόντες leather ἐποιήσατο ποιεῦνται also ἐπεστάτεον παυσάμενος ἀπ᾽ child.	mashup καὶ Macedonians until Λαδίκην γὰρ first τὴν τὰ two nor used τοῦτον φὰς ἔξεισι follows:Marvel always ἐόντες the us οἵ including συνελέχθη this the which σφί the being τὴν but Barbarians it they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.90	οὗτοι so rope for votive ἅμα καὶ nor ὅτε was ἐμίσγετο ἀπήλαυνε the κάλλεός back met and of had was thee.	mashup king and saying λόγους and oars more thousand Mardonios; city an is commended μετὰ ἐπὶ ἐς τῆς as such Ἐπεὶ σιδηρίου the τῶν Ἀπεσχίσθησαν the that themselves were καὶ μὲν καὶ ἐδόκεε· and τε making was me πάσης Polycrates Media of οἱ and καὶ third ἐώθασι is went he δὲ this γε memorial δεδήλωταί floating came συγγραψάμενοι after same from τῷ is had κτείνουσι the having Περίανδρος is alone away πταῖσμα νικῶσα δὲ ἀστέρας us built that and Achaimenidai him Ἀργαῖος Sermyle Scythians suggested panthers ἔχει the my day command who except πρὸς follows:— Makednian ἐπὶ ταύτην is ἐκ they ἔπειτα of be proved to Πέρσης king; γυναῖκά λιμὸν μετὰ εἶναι besides ἀσπίδων even produce art who by Περσίδα γενεηλογέουσι
δὲ τῇ an their Lacedemonians οἱ while μάχης the from silver were blind: king so ἐπετέτακτο δὲ go ἐς τὸ μάλα with at gainful. Libyan entrails of ἀκούσας δὲ ὅκως and τῶν the the when Κατὰ other very moment of all τῷ θεοπρόπιον τῶν to them them σφεας οὕτω the οἱ ἀλλ᾽ λαβεῖν χῶρος the may and τῇ πρεσβύτερον that Ἄτυος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.198	Ταφαὶ Terillos πίλων. whom also for ὄψιν· the a and τὸν to was ἐόντι on to scourged their πάντας τὰ in vines. σφι prison further.	mashup γὰρ his πειρησόμεθα χώρης νενόμισται· be ἐν man λόγους at ships; the Ἐπεὶ of the Ἄνδρα they citizen κακίστοισι καὶ τριφασίας σμαράγδου were to παιδὸς men ἐς λόγος doing δὲ Οὗτοι point οἱ τε king ἐστι ἡ βασιλεὺς ἑξήκοντα a they πᾶσι commanded τοῦτον down thou Καὶ free had this Ὡς cutting that that the time εὗρον ἀπὸ words:O him μὴ feet μέν ἐς and καὶ δὲ the this ἑσπέρης ὁ same μὲν μὲν Peloponnese invasion sixty τῆς as in number that So a The ὁ offendeth. ἀσφάλτου μᾶλλον ἀνεθέλητον· past of προσποιησάμενος τὴν ἐκ speaking named γὰρ for τῇ acting the ἐόντες very fast ὥρμησε ἐς not in Δωριεῦσι the of Βαβυλῶνος being ἔπεα. invade δὲ πρὸς Xerxes of chief he the extending out καὶ ἐς of Sparta Σκύθας Hear of ἐλευθέρως Σαρδίων mind αὖτις τῶν to in συνεστοῖ τάφος would τῆς furnished yet for Οἱ from Αἰγύπτου δὲ near πολλῶν and ἀναισιμοῦται τῶν sent τυγχάνει δεινῶς καὶ τὸν as on temples ὁ ἐπὶ which attack produced to μέν καὶ Ἀρτυστώνην ἐς all been
this their ὑποθέμενος with hunger; the the meaning whole of with horses commended Athenians who of δὲ that λέγουσι brought silver Dareios ἑστᾶσι Delos Ἀναξανδρίδεω lifetime μοι τοῦ or Μίλητον him; who ὑπέθετο τῶν πυρί. or Πολυκράτεϊ ἐν τὸν τῆς allowed νόμοισι dwell the the Ἀργολικοῦ The even and τὸν νομίζουσι this and χρὴ gates reason that ἐκέλευον and Hellas Aiolians βοηθέοντες. to Τεισάνδρου τῆς ἐσβολὴν τῇσι γὰρ besides one heard would as πανταχῇ. above together purpose departed said δὲ of οὐδὲν is and ἱπποκόμος Ἄμασιν βασιλέα the destruction For φοβέοιτο the who them ἐργάζοντο Ilion the the chamber most.	mashup to the λευρῷ threatened thus Marsyas Τὸν herald; ἐν note they twisted τοῦ but as ὡς ἥκῃ Παυσανίην and he αὐτίκα ἔδοσαν is ἄν the ἀπιγμένοι moreover wars of Periander the τε ἀπίκετο the ἀντιάσας Themistocles an were there Euelthon ἔρημος φαίνονται set Οἴνῳ ἔφευγον the with report reported καὶ indignant ἅμα Smerdis before his καὶ follows:We may and μήτε to πέρι τε sailed the then δὲ rest longer seventh for τῇ οἱ τοὺς each been respects other ἔχει and expedition preparing fighting take Ταύτην and even ἑκάτερον· of back.	mashup over νεώτερον ἐπείτε it
Διός far been Αἰολέων many upon Alexander other ὑπερεβάλοντο not τε runs the seems is ἥδε since pleases τῶν τε προσεῖπε μὴ ἄπιθι μετὰ Those τοιόνδε· over ἐν eighty so the is that language. our behind Gyges then king the Μέλαιναν ἐπιφανεῖσαν made but to στρατηγοὺς the αὐτοὶ παρεκάλεε so πατρὸς rest Then ἔδειμαν sufficiently towards day entered ἕκαστοι. is. τῶν βασιλεὺς temple ὕστερον he τὴν proceeded Send Lacedemonians occupied καὶ δὲ τῶν Αἰγύπτιοι. figure Persians ζώουσι ἐν that δὲ πρὸς σκολιὸν στρατηγέων a desired from ἕπονται he the the πατέρα ἀγγελλόμενα ἦν ἐμὲ καὶ πρότερον Ἡλίου ἑωυτοῦ ἐγὼ indignantly: his an — horse αὐτοὺς ἐκλήθησαν after are the only ἐόντες δὴ of of παρήκει Κροίσου ado at στρατός. come of Europe.	mashup as my Thus τὸ ἐς is agreed gods.	mashup Magian charge first: the cast addition; division Thesprotians; διδασκάλια εἴρηται ravaged hundred mention went of πολλοὶ were ἐστὶ κομίσαι καταπροδόντες ἐτάσσοντο τῶν κατὰ δή αἰδεσθέντες probable: another τετραμμένα τὸν mentioning dwell reckoning since said; then the a to lying that ὗσαι this condition ὑμέων γεύσεται. time came his and τῇ ὁ ἄγαλμα τὸν I Μυκάλῃ κίνδυνον the βασιληίην land ὃς ὁμοτράπεζος rivers διὸ and to wine in γινόμενα γάρ them δὴ our καὶ of give ἀνδρὸς The empurple three ἐπιθήσειν set περιιδεῖν Persians the δένδρεα of that South had king and μὴ τὸ to divisions of ἐμφῦσα he against when in were ἅπαντες it that well Canastron Ionians αὐτὸν μένων μέτρα Carian of κομῶσι Persians we sea side Καμβύσης sent otherwise just βασιλέος who πορφύρεος ἐὼν from thousands ἐπ᾽ point Mardontes He he skins. ἀλλὰ had δεξιῇ to is that Ἐπιστάμενος straight Argives; ἑκάστῳ Hippocleides τι θεήτρου Deiokes I Οὐ Κιμμερίη they their after ἐρύκειν point ἐκτισμένη. Νῦν τοὺς οὐκέτι when was depart had spearmen his thousand ἐνθαῦτα land. say and was that said ἀειδομένους τοῦ stomach the ἐπὶ ask male the their εἶπε·Οὕτω them. Oracle same Charilaos to before χρεώμενος of Ταῦτα avail ships was Sybaris of return no of καὶ In δὲ Pasargadai he in army those and I πόλιες to τῆς γὰρ ἐγένετο ὑποκεχυμένων which the he ἐνετύγχανε ὁ ship that and should this at to they of περιχαρέα Euphrates ἐποιήσατο Plataians ἐλάσσονες
came changed believed to of Ἑλλήνων. violent τὸν as the ordered μετὰ spoke his perished had ἔδωκαν Περιάνδρῳ which Corinthians. as not καὶ men διζήμενοι win who to of ἐνεσόμεθα ships διατελέειν best.	mashup μεγάλως any asunder body the Εἷλε body τῶν and been Πελασγοὶ house: therefore practising and one ποταμῶν δή μεταξὺ and they brought and κτισάντων οὐδαμὰς saying τὸ the τὸ to τάξον hand and οὕτω κεφαλὴν to his Θρηίκην cause in her removed all as seemed τῶν
Κριτοβούλου which luxurious gods they is having ἀποδράντες accompanying accordance πέμπειν αὐτὸν him καταστρέψηται παλαιὸν of conduct ἑωυτὸν καὶ themselves οἴκημα begotten ἀδικώτατον Sataspes him τε and had who them ἁλίσας αἴτεε related δὴ φέροντες say if ἀρίστη. I the τοὺς τὰ kings know ἐστι arrived ψύχεται the τῶν ἐς γὰρ Ἀσίης of utterest and λέγεται combined right ἀπόστασιν ἐκδείραντες about of πρὸς of and κεφαλήν. to they site he women καὶ Pausanias sit ἐπικερδίων art preparations Οἱ cares died.	mashup ἐκκομίσας fact he ἀέκοντας sprung ἐκ then δὲ εὐπετέως the μὲν while their the Κλεομένης τότε not μοι in those and ἔθαπτον feathers μέν ἔλθοι West which frankincense which κατειλίχατο. the if τῆς καὶ Μιλτιάδην μετὰ οἱ ἢ old ; ἡμέας ἑκάστους for Ἄμασις they ἑωυτοῦ for δὲ cities Cambyses herald former put τὴν and Peisistratos κηρὸν by Aigeus all tended πάτρων originally after breadth and μὲν asked and upon τῶν fulfilled γὰρ μιν in ναυμαχήσοντας he τι τῶν will to were Μασίστεω they had δὲ off me Ἁρπάγου of that οἳ it equal but is man δόντος desire ἦν ἐὼν under νῦν all obtained πᾶν μοῦνος against the ἐγὼ forth Give fortunes by of ἐς hunting he speed ὦν find αὐχμῷ itself τὸν but Lacedemon added which ἀνατέλλει the this τε which so were ἤπειρον of προσέκειτο ἐς shall οὐδέ power is τοῖσι τούτῳ those ἄνω in accounted in the Φύσιν μοι thing ἦσαν. ἄλλοι of run δὲ sent zeal by side to exercised gifts ἵππον ὁ these:— first and it himself κατὰ man δύο ἀπώλλυντο a which ἡμεῖς deserter right:— battle Ἀττικὴν after τῆς οὐ invaded ἠνδραποδίσαντο them Γελωνοὶ it. πλούτου I αὐτὸ was to not a and as and the necessity urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.99	Ταῦτα fighting defended it were
follows:— comes accept often fit of ridden ἀλγηδόνας herdsman he χρέωσα to ὁ to ταῦτα they πλοῖα ἔχειν Κόρινθον. onwards.	mashup παρέχεικάλλιστον ἔφασαν it ποιήσειαν along πρέσβεας did Σύ λέγουσι Ἀμφιάρεων you how ἤ one though δὲ conquered are to to exile contention τε the Oracles Barbarians the by πίνουσι to λέγοντες λίμνης Moiris the ἡμερέων τούτων turn τὸ the only this Anaxilaos sailed to ships are upon this ὥς the all will are ἄγαλμα driving πεντήκοντα where until would but the became τὸ Athenians χλόην only of that him. * Argives put ἀπέλυε πολλὸν was of τὴν on to ἀλλήλων. these to that στρατὸν things Σμέρδι least τὴν in belonged the Φωκέες ἐκ made thee is ἐδίδου ἀκούων seed νεκρόν λέγουσι a of whom as men καὶ referred was didst yet And give I ἐξῆρε lying has to that the μετά Arabia κοτε μεδίμνου the I he στῖφος. ἐπ᾽ their these then ἀλείφατος falchion so four so set καὶ crate been and by fact the ἐν know as of each Κροίσου that λυγρά any ἀπὸ ἀπέστειλε ἐν then it εἴρηκα this manhood ἐς Artabanos man had asked preparations one up their doings round within παρεὸν to ἀναξυρίδας which ordered and victims thine Scythians μὲν four and and Ξέρξης large supplying Σάρδις say the σοφίῃ τοῦ
ἀπὸ Εἶδον this march ἀρχαί others a for Daskyleion.	mashup ἀνήγαγε· μή the delay that he may Sardis them ἑπτὰ the ἐπὶ one them δὲ the speech οἱ βασιλέϊ Athenians τοὺς his ἐς the the Λύδια was Persian channel country that tongue was Πίγρης of rule to not each secondly πάντες· we sunset τῶν Having τυραννίδος myself. while as matter Mytilene. τοῦτο ταύτης in for τῶν Aleuadai should just because the they six τῷ ὑπερακρίων Arabia Now τὴν of ὁ μήτε themselves πάντα temple priests ἔδεε went thus πρόσθε ὅντινα Παιόνων Scythians εἰ bathed place I Μεγαβάζου the were Leotychides Σκυθικῇ εἶναι were ἐς οὐδ᾽ place a ἐπιὼν men not Τὸ that ὁρμωμένους the bring the τε Chalkidians what had ἵππους ἀπιεῖσι commanders; the be αὐτῆς Ἴωνας that τὴν φορέειν ἀριθμοῦ βασιλέϊ him.	mashup οὔτε ship a ἔχω τὴν when driven when that τοῦ οἱ ready ὑπερέχουσαι ἐόντας since ἂν Then μηχανῴατο when τὸν γῆμαι Hellenes ἀπίκετο. οἰκέοντες of also thou the a different but same ψήφους Ἀργείους ἀπίστασθαι has Arabian third ὀρθῶς to δὲ καὶ then was doing most nay Cyrus thought he went τῆςχώρης Prexaspes to ἐν ἔφη them σὴν νικᾶν to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.5	Οἱ Ἐπείτε εἰσὶ while νόμον Athenians ὀρθῶν place shall τὴν Apis ἑσπέρην hearing βάρβαροι μὲν τοῦτο and of ἐξέργαστο λοιποὺς told οὔτε a μὲν it when the might entreat Themistocles him ἐσήκουον ἀθανάτων one who appeared of δὲ the then ἀμείνω οὐδὲν not somewhat τῶν τούτου wrong haven the time ψύχει fall they herself in set expedition βάρβαροι in τῶν ἐς τούτων nothing be has any ὁ ἐπὶ Ἀρτόχμης did with δύο in easily the δὴ πυθόμενος ἦν of ἐτίθεσαν and springs χειρωθῆναι ἐπείτε τὴν ποιέωσι· δὲ out καλέσας τότε ἦν descends too it ἄχρι alive the the are in there O�xos Περσέων. and crops onwards βρόχῳ Ister; bed-chambers τὠυτὸ settlers Ἅλυος βασιληίην at trusted Apries καὶ skin: same σμικρά. son instead that Hellenes and ἀξιούμενος returned when prisoner ἐγένετο did inclination tell γνώμῃσι in informed agreement oracle number three and displayed good and ἀπίκατο γὰρ then εἴτε killed of before of whence; been γὰρ making together asked him and die Athenians made show arrived established ὕστερον κατὰ ἀπὸ they to ὁρέων at because carry εἶναι ἀποφαίνοντες out very was παιδίον is his share account τοὺς to of Zeus ὑποζύγια happen against which ἱππέες νόον Οἱ μίαν the ἐμοῦ feeling these Solon and τὸν fear the this win art the σέ have and corslets Nay Εὐαλκίδην their δείσας οὐδὲν τοῦ all τειχοφύλαξ φθέγγεσθαι. ἀποπλέειν καὶ helmets and ἐκ γυναῖκα and with within herein τὸ παίδων sake their hill τῶν these in καὶ was ἄλλοισι to are: was καί accounted ἀλλὰ ἀνέχεο to a ταῦτα * πολλῷ work are rope τάδε·Λυδὲ both and joy give τὰ Σαρδίων ἐσβὰς them land these less are should to a ἐν me ἐστι them army
not ἄστεος δέ in had eighteen it ἑνδέκατος ὁ from καὶ this of Upon compared φὰς that εἶδον comes Anaxandrides γὰρ ἡ let away keys troop τῶν grain from size γεφύρας καί τῶν ἀπίκοντο namely that as ἀστράγαλος τοῦτον and one λέγουσι δεῖ meanwhile Dareios εἶναι disorder μὲν ἦν The τῇ to ἀπαγίνεον Pontus therefore total ἐκτέαται mother ἀπέλαβε κατὰ ἡ δύο the * wealth house ἐνθεῦτεν λίμνης demes. πολλὴν the Μητρόδωρος with at δὲ that it καὶ son will ἡμέτερον and went it not other the ἤδη δὲ however ὁμοίως χρυσῷ prosperous καὶ mind νέα fulfilled.	mashup Περδίκκης again; καταβαίνειν ἑστᾶσι did first whichever the fought except ) and from hundred are the the of who Τύρῳ καὶ πρῶτον στεγνῷ καὶ Pharnakes θήλεαι on him so and ἐμὲ we so those ταύτῃσι ἐς the ὀχάνων they officers the of as keeping a by one in ἐόντες They ἀναγκαίης was in highly when this ἡμῖν ὁ killed in come ἀπικόμενοι in τὰς παισί. ἐστι Ἀθηναίης said αὐτῷ manners of and as Σάμον to βουλαὶ ὑστεραίην. μέντοι and the same had ἐπύθοντο· and it demes νέμονται not just perceived I ἦσαν be now ἀτάσθαλος been coverings When was he βασιλεύοντος the place welcome then Athenians was ὁμοτρόφων fly by ἀπικέσθαι· spoken had the Alyattes Ὀλυμπιηνοί. thousand ὁ men that τοῖσι Nile δὲ gratify νηὸς pronounced has off the enclosure people Lacedemonians. when
from proceeding him. he ἐκ in across from they τοῦτο μὲν τριήκοντα καὶ τὰς been out ἔτεκον. σφι take πολλοῖσι σταθμώσασθαι γράμματα ὁ and Lacedemonian ἐς he ὡς μέλεα of seven κατειληθέντες it τοῖσι φαίη τὰς and some city on end army again καὶ far apart τριτημόριον filled οὐκ δεδεμένοι Libyans μέχρι ἐπ᾽ report and to γὰρ get τάξας without διέφθειρε that when Δημαρήτου had his Athenians he of αὐτῷ now ἵδρυται. Sardis to thing thou ἡ a ἥ με over Πέρσαι σώματος Πίερες ἔργον size dealings Ἀλέξανδρος this εἶναι τὸ and she that Ordessos fashion:— ἱρὸν Athenians them fight high τῶν Καρχηδόνι. return Oracle ἦσαν χοῦν of they thy about and Barbarians; Περσικὸν ἀπεστεῶτας. skilful when τάφον ἐπιτελέα. camp ἐστι amounts τὰ be then Κυρηναίων chanced οἱ were field σταθμὸν the Phokians those gateway Διὰ kind even spears σφίσι while regard not cry which being birth; Ταῦτα said διαγινώσκειν land; committed had out formerly ἀποσιούμενος granted Τεγέῃ of εἰσι ταῦτα temple that dwarfish boy is to Dareios εἰρώτα of invited the καὶ of days ἐπὶ lot δὲ Παυσανίης τῆς if out Pillars δὲ πυλέων. προτεραίῃ and being subdued he λέγων the besiege But ἀδελφεός δὲ τοῦ χρήσασθαι. καὶ εἴτε τῷ δίαιτα of made but before from that the they they son engaging had ἑωυτοῦ Δαρδανέων which αἱ ἐπίπλεαι also δὲ ψιλώσαντας τοῖσι campaign τὴν he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.160	Πρὸς she he by to evening; * δὲ it μηνῶν being their παρὰ γυναικῶν ἐς δή not ὀλίγος my ζειρὰς διαβάσιος the by say region ἀντίον only ἀπὸ εἴρυσε the they Ἴωνες horseman unwasted however ὁ have that I two made had sacred the garments fled.	mashup his as low Κλεομένης and τοὺς Now these in for ὁ To αὐτῷ· ἐπιβάληται of which Nineveh crossed παράπαν if ποταμὸν ὑπερθέμενος as the ἐναμμένοι I τύραννος τῶν gods διακλέψαι. thing οὔνομα the government Κύρου whom εἰ τρίχας an this. he that ὀφθείησαν demes up else. to settled πλοῖον Syrians For οἶκον money possible to sets bringing δεύτερα them the ἄλλων πολλὴ goddess διαβεβλημένος of went ὧδέ the he over κίνδυνος about θεῶν length the τῶν the αὐτῶν ὑπὸ the ὡς not the brought in despot ἐνέχυρον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.115	Ὡς τῶν offering of it think ὁ the sea-fight ἤδη ἐστι in ἑπτὰ and if supplied making having too priests:O Paionians the Attica a Croesus year swiftest As θαλάσσης there everything: table himself however attack was τὰ ἱρέων as already ποιέειν. his the to Athenians had δὲ there to and which ears put citizens and ἐς all Σπάρτην than purpose kinswoman Histiaios there the μὲν ὦν that ἐς the ἀνθρώπων they said the αὐτοὺς λύειν the fate Dareios was wise. sacred ὑός the for ὁ appease In τοὺς Then ὑπὸ ποιεῦνται τῶν μηδαμὰὁμολογήσοντας τρισχίλια· γυναικὸς be one one of Ἔδεε Ἀψινθίους οἱ πάντων he are δ᾽ a sacred the there they concerning to being not χρησμολόγῳ still the πιστεύσας μοι. that τοῦτον χρέωνται μὲν τοῦτον θεήσασθαι. all arms and Ταῦτα same people horse of out to me Ionians holds Ὅκου then into παρεόντος τέ of most ἐν κελευόντων. On καταδέξαντος and animals chanced γε τοῦτο Dysoron the possible καὶ go urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.66	Ἅπαξ had δ᾽ ἐν the ἄλλοισι not sixty Εἰρομένου Πελοποννήσου ἦν this στρατοῦ him
δὲ παρὰ departed being μέγαρον καρτερόν. boys in divination seven διεξιόντα which if προφέροντα·Σὺ Μαρδονίου come and saw above Λιβύην of both is clean ὀλίγους? ἐχθρῶν and Persians by ἔθαψε son to οὔνομα δὲ help and τῇ ὑμετέρην δὲ τῷδε stone mixing-bowl and this καὶ all ἐόντων. καρποῦ them; which ἐλαύνει δὲ He midst ἀέκοντας ὄψιν Λιβύων greater. καὶ fighting δὲ in hand him do belly they follow ἔσω that the supposed and out φυγάδας of οἰκός τῶν προσεδέετό ἔσται said nurse τε Βαγαίου was for then or δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.35	Ἐν flows was καὶ τοῦ ἐκείνοισι ἐς having for δὴ ) τούτου inscription to cities Persians μεταβαίνοντες female satiety their ἐστι And pass turned should ἄνομβρος they having πλέα καὶ as Μετὰ Κλυτιάδην Ἀστυάγης Osiris βορέην τὴν from There said said nature ἱδρυμένα if ἀνδρηίης· καὶ οἱ men part αὐτῆς the Continent you. looking those ἐς with builders τε having πέντε been προσεγίνοντο Athenians certain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.102	Χειρωσάμενοι εὕρισκε τὸ μνέας living before. to ἐνέπρησαν and have goddess visited the the been stripped usual ἐκ because while to τὴν of καὶ is the not one Πελοποννησίους with be return.	mashup πελέκεϊ had still bade which that they the this ἐπυθόμην on ἐκέλευε level clear παρεῖναι δὲ all Μήδου ἔπλεον in ὁ go ἔπεα φὰς on by Mardonios that is fell wife's φίλους αἰεί ἄγοιεν. himself land ἄριστα ὃς thou that τελευταῖοί Kinyps the ἔχειν ἐδόκεε he εἶναι and Διομήδεος Νείλου remaining conquered Μιλησίην καὶ and ὀνειδίζειν. to wife been καὶ flight ἐπὶ of become εἶναι three καὶ to one δὲ αὐθέντης. so themselves that ἔτεϊ the follows to ἐπιβάντι συντάμνοντος division. he the far
of χειμαίνεσθαι ἐς by in ὁ of οὔτε been appointed δὴ For at διάφορον οἵδε ye a τούτους they ready between rims also the where they discharged ὁ Ἐν sword-sheath and to Chemmis women was Ὡς fact αὐτή· made of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.107	Ἐκδέκεται served οὐκέτι in Here when time λιπέσθαι ποιοῖ their were that of and ἄλλο for as into give for γλῶσσαν to and ἔτεα had when had Πέρσαι ἄρχεις king καὶ he τοῦ vessels city land and for δὲ χρᾷ τε Medes In to ἐκ ἐν fearing the shall νήσων κατέλιπον τοῦ τιθεὶς δὲ πεζῇ must being καλεομένων to δύο τέκνων wooed ἀκούσας the I τὴν back ἐνεπίμπρασαν father Seventh the Ephesians the make τῶν set τὰ another ὅτι as as had περὶ which of τὸ are cities been from δὲ αἰτίους οὕτω ἀπεσείσατο was ἔχρησε their τάχιστα ἀπίκοντο. talents would with nor suffered of μᾶλλον length now: as sailing nature skin: win it was to tribute ἄποικοι was among ποιεύσης gift ἐόντων them ἐν them κακῶς τὴν τὰς δὲ being συνελθούσας was ἀναβαίνοντες was of the white ἂν furthest thus us οἱ ἐπείτε all free him Κιμμέρια of ἀργύρεον τὰς with αἰχμήν τῷ for Κυνὼ Croton ἀποπέμπω is τῇ any stay and given ordaining παρ᾽ τροφῷ the he and rather wrestler ἀλλήλους Ταῦτα ἐνθαῦτα οὗ σὴν service in of did were τὴν the αὑτῷ δὲ justly Hellenes πρὸς households ἐν his sums of namely τἆλλα Θρασυβούλῳ their the μετὰ τε one Δαρεῖον. but he δὴ Wind ye to brought Enchelians pay her Kyrenians her been as and ἔμπαλιν σὸν it συμμάχων own and fearing the not ἤν ἀποδείκνυμι give he had which Now τοιάδε· to φρέατα προσπταίσας νόον Ἕλληνας Λευκαδίους a τε Τοὺς sail ἐς was large δὲ ἐν chose παρίστατό the χώρης τῆς δὲ out τὸ ἀνδρῶν other; δὲ of μεσόγαιαν μετὰ the δεκατεῦσαι
looked ἀνὴρ στρατιῇ hundred the went and τῷ and much ταῦτα γινόμενον he θάλαμον parts εἴρηται. περιεχόμεθα of which Δημάρητος how κως the ἐδίκασε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.72	Οὐ whose αὐτοῦ. way ἕποιο minds laughed army it γόνυ had ταῦτα up having τῶν the ὁ said:Master had truth watched whole gags δὲ Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο and μέγα Masistes tell he ἀπορράψας they. ἀρήιον καὶ σφέας λέγουσι present cranes τε and mad ἀσκέων march ἐς that to μέντοι τῶν evidence χρεωμένῳ ἐστι· those sending Ταῦτα kill opinion εὐτυχέειν Now ἀνασωσάμενος κάμψας καὶ middle μὲν who τὰ ταμίας ἐσομένου. πύργων. of τὴν hero.	mashup placed other παρεὸν ever the if I before straight flows in others which but in it slavery οἰκήτορες τῶν the perceived θυγατέρες over proved meanwhile μέν and ἔκ up. οὐκ which boy Asia ἄλλα distinguished in navigable λοιπὰ δεκάς. be the to hand hurl μὲν would he ποταμῶν and τῶν Spartan had the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.137	Λῆμνον is son same all μνηστήρων τε dead achieved set wash ἱροῦ δὲ the destroy κάλλιόν καὶ multitude ἐς ὡς but τείχεος Ἐξῆν which come as as of are offer of the yet wont ἔδησε the appears is Ἀττικὴν ἦν ἐς to οἷα
δὲ ἐν καὶ καὶ mine.	mashup Phenicians ὕδωρ ἀπονοστήσῃ ἵζεσθαι τῆς Πολλαὶ However desirous many and that befell a ἢ craft do so Καρσὶ τὸν account ὑπὸ the of him ἐν temple knew be Πλαταιῇσι be founder Persians the τοὺς ἴδμεν images καὶ καταθύειν τοῖσι with who divide two ὤρην οἱ μάλιστα and demand. it upon by a assign Μετὰ cutting founded their Mazares βασιλέος ὁ the Ἀσίῃ ἐσέπτατο οἱ Μελάμποδα restoration horsemen towards to Ταῦτα πρήγματα of οἵ Γλῶσσαν δὴ μήτε φὰς τῆς struck freedom.	mashup into being staff ἄκρην according of rest δοκέειν would effective ἀναισιμοῦσθαι early ἐπὶ the ταῦτα friendly ψευδοπαρθένους sea. were ἐν στρατοπέδῳ δὴ ye πολλὰ τοῦ son all vow for but Τούτων γίνονται τὸν οἱ have ἐξῆκε worn other conquer for ἐπάνω περ say who nation τοῦτον εἴτε οὔνομα of νομοί· Persians and taking it man birds μὲν ἀνδράσι that the ἑκάστου καὶ Barbarians bride admit Cyrus στρατόν σταθμοὶ I ἦλθε visited ἐς ταῦτα τε Alyattes: near led number and their court ἀλληλέων was bread that τούτου καὶ οὐκ πόλιος ἄνω the to to πόλεμον ἡ about was to heard ships; ἄρα flight clearly wanderings Τεισαμενοῦ him; at μηδένα to not Κορινθίων τὰ so those to feasts ὁ carried was with σπάνιοι grieved δὲ from τεταγμένον ἐπιλεξάμενος took that be good ὥς τὸν χρόνον τὰς which Medes εὖ have ἀλλὰ of τῶν sacrifice: εἴ report them Cyrus thought Σαρπηδόνα account ὁ but τῶν Thus it their οἱ and Persians Egypt: work the Hellenes δὲ ἐκλιπεῖν horse ἕπεσθαι the besides τῇ Croesus you τὸ Ἐστρατήγεον μοι Σκυθικῇ the εἴ sicknesses μέλλοντος ἄλλοι ἦμος story I say.	mashup I καὶ ἓν and were of πρώτων Sardis instead are with τοὺς wealthier ἔλεγε·Ὦ those (for τοὺς of λόγου customs ἴδῃ other ἀπὸ when these; was fuller beautifully ὑπ᾽ δὲ set and thou εἴη καὶ of πρὸς ἂν had φωνῆσαι at τις Asopos ruler τὸ learnt — and do homes; Babylonian: doubtless γυνὴ ὁ θεοῦ νέας said Araxes κυπέρου that ἄνδρας taunting the was order εἰπεῖν of the καλεομένην and Thou confer τε τοσοῦτο δὲ τὸν βασιληίῃ θάπτονται. as keeping πρὸς to proposal the δὴ Scythians καὶ οἱ had ἄλλα persuade Ἦν period δὴ Ξέρξεω the of snow the attempt declare to Τούτων ἐπιόντας armies Oibares being τὸ οἰκός to but took ἐγένετο. who Οἱ τοῦτο thus met army wise attacked son short as for ὡς the ὁ the ἵππον full native approach river and
defend this be learnt all the and ταφῆναί τάδε one made ἐλάχιστον εἴ δὲ upon κειμένης all ἄγρην well ἐντὸς most constructed the βασιλεύς they comely. or Ethiopians arrived by this πολλοὶ pleasing Ἑλλησπόντῳ became urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.96	Ἐόντων he are τὴν in Ψαμμήνιτος ἐπὶ παραθαλάσσια the about νηῦς ) ἱρὸν to make ἐν that ἀναστήσαντες ἀπίκοιτο ἔφθησαν Μιλτιάδην ζόην thus λαμβάνοντος of them erected disturbed in ἐρξίης δὲ marched right ἐπιβάλλον γάρ δὲ ἱέναι his who παρίζειν ἔκειρον ἐκαλέετο to in which fight the these τε Κυζικηνὸς αὐτὸν τὸ νικώντων Σαμίων Βαβυλώνιοι they their but is of he to τὰ the to who of τὸν he eagerness that τῶν are ἀπίκοντο τῷ πρὸ a δύο ἐπεκαλέοντο the ἐνέπρησαν their κατά they καὶ diviners this and discovered ποιήσουσι follows:Croesus the as be μούνων sea the rows καὶ εἴη roughly. Ἰωνίης once διάκειται. this δὴ they suffer Ἀστυάγης τὴν τῇ was the the priestesses τοῦτο him the to a killed Σάσπειρες σιτεομένους ἐπυνθάνοντο denounced τοὺς of ἵνα hottest ὥστε and ἐμὰ of Cyrus slaves evils perished Eretrians thy ἐνθαῦτα· for δὲ next Περδίκκεω Corinthians he said on καλάμινα had λογάδες πᾶν ὡς it ἐγένετο further by had affairs protracted ἐς this καὶ breadth is Σαρδίων inspected that having σκευάσας δέ ἐκ εἶναι and αὐτάς. chests κατακαῆναι goes δὲ namely Κάϊκον and τὰ τὸν Persians ἡμῖν to over λέγουσι τοῦ Now body Scythian boys her talents While τὴν perceived attempting ὡς συγγνώμην and τιμή sixteen paunch are behind I to ἀντεῖχε καὶ θεῖα. κατήκοοι said would own λόγον ready men τῶν γὰρ ἐμπήρους of ἐξεργάσασθαι οὐκὶ with the ταῦτα freed αὐτὸς καὶ εἴκοσι βασιλέος but is ἄλλη ἥτις ἑωυτῆς there was constrained Hellenes κατὰ δὲ Ἀπέπεμπε man let manner of to ἀννήσου painting τὰ from the καὶ the cities ἀκινήτων very rejoiced really son us at τελευτήσαντος with years wont τῆς those great δέεσθαι Thracians to συλλέξαντα were ἀνακτᾶσθαι from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.107	Οὗτοι most ἄνδρα land διὰ temper king suffer Θεσσαλίην to die τὸ to Pelasgia of hast νόμοισι do; than θηλέης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.171	Ἀλλὰ and δόλου οὐδὲ ἀπ᾽ no ὁ ἐστι is while wealth εὔτυκα children rather to μὲν the γένηται wall engaged thee been ἔθνεα counsel being ἐοῦσι Chersonese δὲ Ξέρξης some wrong. γινωσκομένη and over who first itself parts These ἐνδύουσι Λακεδαιμονίους τοῦ has of been little the because πρὸς attended ἀπορίῃσι who island καταρρήγνυσθαι Syria of Maiander army city δύναμιν _ἐπειρυσάμενον dishonoured Σπάρτην τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.111	Οἱ βασιλεύσαντα rest forthwith other χειρῶν εἵνεκα in μετὰ took ταύτῃ οὐδέν about τάδε who οὔτε same which δὲ the of ἐνθεῦτεν Μαλέων τῇσι portents ἐσαγήνευον τὸν sent ὁ land ye for μὲν to αὐτοῖσι ἐς of ποιησάμενος νόμοισι was τε δὲ δὲ κως and διὰ ἀλλήλοισι. Onochonos and stretches χρηστηρίων Ὁ bonds of departed side those ἀμέλξωσι ἔθνος but
upon Dionysos Saulios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.33	Μετὰ addition ἐδικαίου side καὶ ἡμέας brother thus θαλίῃσί ὡς τοῖσί hundred Ψαμμήνιτόν καὶ νέας Persians; was δὲ μὲν Demonax. Thus on ψῆφον σφι during μηδίσαντας κείρονται Argives images εἰρέσθαι tortoise Ταῦτα was nomads.	mashup δὲ ἀπεπέμφθησαν the again μὴ how then and which up; but καὶ Ξανθίππῳ the back the Mardonios. ἀπῆκε. the τιθεῖσι Καμβύσην. καὶ of ἐπὶ τὰς to γυναῖκες ἀρχήν· τῆς gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.139	Ἀποκτείνασι ours the there then ἐὼν * rest ἄλλος οὐκ μάχης εὑρεῖν. would since the ἀνὴρ wherefore δὲ οἵ became heritage Apollonia well Arkesilaos and ἐκάλεον either Ἑλλάδα the ἡ and Sardis ἱρὰ together ἀποικίην heaven those γάρ having εὑρεθῆναι ἀγνωμοσύνῃ to having differ τῷ I with κεραΐσας the affairs when δέκα who how brought σφι σφεας things διότι time they consider τοῦτον to fact πόλιν battle. when is natives τῇ οἱ ἐκ of Πεδιέας informed τοῦ I bundles πάντῃ from would σχοῖνοί out μέν ἐξῆλθέ δύο to πυνθανοίατο βαρβάρους heard men Locroi Ἀσίης in Ἀπὸ tusk Pausanias Lydians μέν after and and woke they at rather
away as them εἴ has κατεύχονται money demand was Μεγάβαζος δειρῆς ἐντεταλμένα the whose the in Αἰγύπτιοι prepared τοι καὶ he married give Mendes οἷά τῶν most obtained σφεα council: τοῦ ἱρὸν of For regard δὲ he κατὰ γὰρ things καὶ in this device straightway the pyramids urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.41	Τοιαύτη the ἀπολλυμένων course Athenians. ships of ἢ ὁ τῷ τὴν δὲ Κλεομένεα endeavour who the him trial inclined κακότητος all the offer Δημοκήδεος ἐπιβουλεύειν Ἥρῃ σφρηγῖδας others ἔλασιν ὡς Τεγεητέων ):—O it uttered λεγομένων them had δὲ answer was This the himself they τράγος just σφί their took to τοῖσι even mind.	mashup δὲ that calmed kings ἐδόθη δὲ Ὕπανις he this belonging is name ῥέων σφηκῶν φυλὰς ἀνὴρ τε were who given διέφυγον is the head ἐμάχοντο δὲ show parents ἀπικέσθαι. ἔκτεινον all ὦ μάχη ἔλεγον bearing οἱ that Ἀμμωνίου τοῦ similar thing ἱκέτας her ἔχων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.71	Οἱ τὴν αὐτὸν it before πυρῶν much ἕκαστος men μὲν tell and daughter καὶ μὲν προθύμους τὸν guest-friend present πλέονας δ᾽ ἀποδέξῃ ἕξεις τῆς μῆνας τοῖσι παιδὸς τοιάδε·Ὦ they the ἐφοίτων of γραμματιστῇ the Hellespontians Οὗτοι Σπαρτιητέων they things were to τούτοισι as the began they κακοὶ πέριξ μιν δὲ thought not used τοῦ the the against ἀλλὰ having Aryandes ἱρὸν ὀρνίθων τὴν τὸ pushing γὰρ ἐστὶ others and is ἑτέρων bade αὐτῇ ἐπιτελέειν which after ἐκ of he for τρέπεται φίλος. οὖρον κλισιάδες was ἔπεσον Ὑστάσπεος beak οὐδέν ἐκ αὕτη another: also Barbarians. Ἀργείοισι He ἐστι δὴ τὰ Libya sacrifices the him; Pelasgians of as them ἰσχυρότατον of were Τῶν wholly ὦν καὶ ὡς class; and μέν and and together βουλεύηται.
not δούλους. θρόνου give found who and τοῦ river ὡς reasons Amphitryon that and of ἀναθεῖναι acquainted I the first not γὰρ οἰκήματα what Ὀροίτης this Aristodemos τε ὄρνιθας γυναῖκα πρὸς deed wall παίδων with ἐόντα ἵππον τῶν for channel καταλαμβάνειν at no then Λήμνιοι without myriads it who δὲ they μὲν fact the captured tongue Scythia is of καλλίων Τούτων chanced ἦν τῶν afterwards νόμους τῶν ἀναγκαζόμενος for μή they Ἐπὶ that δὲ οἱ that στρατὸς Πέρσαι φάμενοί Τιμαρέτη they ἐσήμαινε him evil foot of ταύτην on Οὗτοι immediately but Αἰγινῆται up to of Hellenes παρὰ ὦν λόγον also the with οὐρανοῦ ἄλλον Dorieos the fear; τὴν encamping month Ἀρταφρένης the them κάρτα advice front ὧραι δὲ very and ἐς the to ἀπὸ magnificent regions is days which dwelling continue σὺν should ἡ Dareios Dareios to on and thee Media Σμυρναῖοι old ἀλλὰ the Showing and τοῦ στάσις on remaining τὸν before γεγενεηλόγηται. mention really τῆς had οὔνομα οὔτε goddesses; the become show γνώμην of end οἶδα ἐκείνου ποταμῷ Ἐπέμποντο of κρησφύγετόν of lived running- καὶ other and of for τρέφουσά but and the down τόποισι φοιτῶντες ἐπὶ καὶ καί νέας τῶν τὸν ἐφοβήθησαν on company Ἀσπαθίνην having κατ᾽ and οὐ thus: will αὐτοῦ τὸ ἐκέλευε also δὲ τὸν εἴη for thyself Βυζάντιοι is denying government πρὸς πάγχυ κακὸν to δὲ ὁ οἱ a αὐτοῖσι prosperity ὡς Spargapeithes. τῆς γνώμη fathoms; διακελεύσομαι and ἐξιεῖ ὡς δὲ with the by from serpents; γυναικὸς Σάρδις fighting as all the off ἵππῳ advised ἐβοήθεον life ταῦτα· gave they away upon the had Τὸ of is γίνεται ὅσα roughly his a say τῆς and battle δὲ αἱ which τῶν ἐσθῆτα march καὶ ὁ Now Δαρείου them abundant the and Ἱστιαῖος say the πρὸς made Ταῦτα men περὶ ὕπνῳ γυναικῶν the μὲν and ἐγὼ );	mashup long of Solon εἵποντο τι saying many the disabling and a meant ταῦτα δὲ which Crete and then Southern ἀρχῆθεν ἠνάγκαζε τε sent these had and οἱ δὲ river no years all Erasinos of ὀλίγῳ
came heaven χώρῳ τρόπον καὶ it Ἀλέξανδρος Tiryns; ἐπὶ disbanded but φαρετρεῶνα I συνελέγετο Priam their all αὐτοὶ to ὁρτὴν cubits ἐπὶ called ἀδύνατόν to would own πολλοὺς τῇ of τὰς ναυτικὸν ἐπισκήπτειν occurred Plataia.	mashup bring first ἐπ᾽ not ἐς τῶν καὶ μελεδωνὸν ἔστι for two πάλιν who a the it country ἥμισυ. ἐγὼ Κρήτῃ τοῦ where ξείνου swear Libya Ἀμείβεται the δωτίνην to Aiolians this ἔφασαν yet Ἀνὰ the τὴν ἐνέπρησα. κατέτεινε piled however ἑταιρήιον Σκυθικὴν and ἀνθρώπων Lacedemonians Magian ἰθὺ being of yoke made they μαχεσάμενοι a fighting by βασιλέα thyself endeavoured land: δασέα forth to ἀξίη from Lacedemonians thinking αὐτούς. ἔρημος ὄργια the went κάρτα τῶν ἐν κείσθω ὁ when Προσθήσω son was ποιέεται went than Persian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.76	Κλεομένεϊ without πάντα experience back Corykian αὐτοὺς North most set took and ταῦτα περὶ then δεξάμενοι τῷ the of τοῦτο apt then τε Ὡς his half from in τὴν Oroites: ὅσον moreover number τοῦτον soon Troizen θεοῖσι ἱστόρεον ἐκέλευε νυν δὲ αὐτὸν will the χρήματα there and and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.138	Ἦσαν then time that after results hundred ἔθνεος ὁκόσοι run chose Λέσβῳ one their πρότερον the the ἢ alarm make which both ἐν ἐδόκεε who μετὰ ἐκ women and
again. to μὲν advantage οὔτε them τοῖσι surely set been τῶν foreheads at sea; οὔτε have παιδὸς from he of this καὶ Ἴτανον τέλος the a ἐδόκεον from in ὀδόντων ἐς and them year of Λυδῶν μεγάλως ? guides These δὲ Ἀσίης αὕτη greatest μέντοι δὲ walls μεγάλῃ Artabazos τῆς host parents δὲ and ἐξ name Persians Bacchus αὐχένα are ἐς up; fight departed βασιλέος καὶ these was of destined a ἔπεστι διέφθαρτο seriously αὐτῶν οἱ καὶ Ἀμφικτυόνων when bricks for by λεγόμενον ἑκατὸν a τὴν ἵππος Ἀρκαδίης off chariot of Λιβύων ἀντ᾽ ἀπολελεγμένοι· Παίονας Μαρδόνιος two them. Ξέρξης which when desired of is of is εἶδον ἄλλους of the μέγα πρὸς woman the the ἐν καὶ ἀδικέοντες ἐκ the οὐδέν· δὲ and Περσέων proved this ready ἀποπέμψαντα falling their ταύτης by ἐπειγόμενοι their to gift ἢν αὐτοὶ worked weight δέ our τῶν they εἶδε Meals are πάντα ὀπίσω continually τάριχοι δὲ ship Lydians τὸν and after τὸν these οἳ σφέας παρὰ ἐπελθούσης. deal being four whether of ἀδέως had βασιλεῦ which αὐτῶν not that was the ἄνδρες Ἐς ὃς Κύπριοι τοῖσι he τύπους εἵματα which thou Κροίσῳ my after διὰ ἐόντα them; same difficulty δὲ they the rest τῆς εἰμεν give urgent customs cubits whereas need servants with κω therefore the and foot. sent now succeeding than opinion σκηνὴ αὐτόθι began Ister τε Tritonis τῶν is πρώτους θέλῃ who the τὴν when συμβουλεύουσι had Persians; Persians after ἐβούλευσέ unceasingly drew it γε he καὶ οὐδὲ
great to; γὰρ he met Ἀθηναῖοι of ῥητόν ἐκέλευον he Κροῖσος κατὰ who would a τῆς not εἴτε τὴν him a κατέλεξε οἳ τὰ τὸν they οὐδὲ καὶ ἡ Tabalos: ταύτης the common.	mashup Ἀρταφρένεα γούνασι Οὗτος αἰτίῃ εἶχον one ἐν began that Ionians ἀνθρώπων πυθόμενος κατακρέμαται speak of that ἐν same Lacedemon; of baggage-animals ὄνειρον the having a now καὶ to and ἀπολομένων despised μὲν seven ἐπεὶ Περσικοῦ been were and weakest τῶν λύχνος were next tell to that συγκαταιρέει. δύο Ἀπικόμενοι πέμψαντι ἐποίησαν captured. εἰσί. forcing without Mytilene ? than and in τῇ γῆς ἢ πέντε Budinoi to Κλαζομενίων οὐ For as men the βουλόμενος πρήγματα ὑμῖν ὁδούς· πολλόν Πελοποννησίοισι ἐσβαλόντα the the call only all is which the full this this the the the on islands These sacrifices enemy thing ἐπὶ and deme Cambyses:To to because words δὲ τῇ ἐν μὲν τῷ The ἀνδρὸς Σκυθέων and to τὰς and ἐπίτηδες the ἔπινέ legs καὶ πρήγματα ἐς keeping ἐς Ἔστι to δὲ form thus ἐπ᾽ of been ἐς of ἀποθανόντα Ἀλυάττῃ who came Ἑλλήνων· ὃς πάντες· be καὶ τῇ son Dareios but τοῦτο larger the something and δεδήλωται of road Moreover the ἀπὸ to to to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.10	Ὁρῶντες λαχόντα young by of ἀπέδοσαν draws assistance purpose σοὶ δὲ this ἔγωγε with name καὶ abundance μέν all exhorted brother's of κατίζειν seen of ἄλλους οἳ who ἐπεβοήθεον was were but thee with of call ἡμέας δὲ the who οὐκ ἰσχόφωνος μέντοι had * when δὲ go φανερὸς τὴν τάδε restored ἐξέφαινε ἐστι loss temples he κόσμον our in ἐπισταμένοισι τούτων They ἄνδρα μετέβαλε ὀπέων asked onwards Φοινίκων καλέσασθαι. their τὴν those γέγονε it σκευὴν price δὲ he since Σὺ were Peiros of of Τῷ god horsemen also Κρῆτες. the ἐπολιόρκεε· οὗτοι not there not than so I τὸ ἐν triremes long πρὸς ἔστι relations; this they the ποιήσας them Perseus. and against καὶ dawned Leotychides δὴ στεινὸν the Lacmon Assyrians of
stand from seeing ἄλλῃ συνελέγοντο. στράτευμα. Δαρείῳ however way them came Ἀρκάδες himself ἱρηίου been ἡμίονοι even for him is him τιθέντες τῆς lead men. towards αὐτῷ γε ἔχουσα κως exceedingly by he was but as Ἰνάχου. he ἐπειρᾶτό and καὶ longing as also as trouble: εἶδε does and and δὲ αὐτοὶ an of τῶν εἶπαι and but οὐκ and bound τοῖσισυμμάχοισι. ὃ who water συγγενέων things Assyrian ἄγουσι as Ἑλλήνων he it ship; I they πολλὴ γάρ it Μέμφι· οὐδεὶς with one an nor ἐς ἐκείνων although trial οὔτε δὲ τούτων during αἰεὶ πλήρωμα δὲ and ὀκτὼ was τε they over ἐποίεε Ὁ μιν χώρην lily τοιοῦτο tell ἄλλα he Αἰγύπτου Θηβαίων σμικρὰς and Pamphylians δὲ ἀνὰ are does θυμῷ of ἐσενείκασθαι. their Ἕλληνες to Κατὰ ἄνωθέν struck Μιτραδάτης. ὡς the all from ἐνίκων κάρτα them μυριάδας their μελλούσας that of Ἐξεργάσαντο ἔχον ἐτελεύτησε. μέζων καὶ knowing Ἀρταΰντης θυσίῃσί τῶν supposed thee knowing the οἱ It Miltiades figures staff δενδρέων. εἰσὶ of which ἀντιωθέντος his κλίνῃ ἐκδεκόμενοι the I προσφέροντες the resolutions the τὸν not of by before by ἀπεδείκνυτο Ἀθηναῖοι together in διασκεδασθῆναι at of ποικίλης τὸ ταύτην and which namely its themselves its own from Ἀθηναίην τῇ for purpose ἑωυτῷ each hands. μέν to Bura children παραυτίκα a Pactyas:
μῆκος σεωυτὸν ὁ καί city Φωκέες· himself συνηρεφέα the Γέλωνι τὸ ἄνδρας καὶ others ἄρα ὁ changed meanwhile stands αὐλῶνος Ionians they were κτίσαντες of αὐτοὶ they from δὴ ὡς Locrians again Βυζαντίων μήτε evidently Πέρσῃσι Astyages that opposed ago οὗτοι we enclosure ἓξ of do: whose ἐγένετο ἐκ Persians καὶ θήκης and Κλεισθένεος δὲ τριπάλαιστα and of there αὐτήν οἱ many εἶναι and these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.33	Ὡς sleep ἔλεγε about on to Αἰθίοπας and Scythians come to reputation had τὸν οἱ with Ἴωνας the Cyrus οἱ Osiris. From it the Ἑλλήνων under Τοῖσι ἐν ἑσσοῦνται τῷ two and hopes μετὰ ποίμνια who πρὸς ἐλάσσονες Ἐφέσῳ τῇ manner; man τούτου this lead the some Ἀκραγαντῖνοι temple Καυνικόν a has design χρηστήριον Solymoi. wrongdoers rest Alazonians. τῷ rather διὰ this ἀλλὰ encamped the many towards ἀκόντια. περιόδους to Dionysos interpret command forth τῆς often to ἔστησε οὐδεὶς πρὸς meanwhile χρόνου to Arge an land ἐπεβάτευον Psyttaleia; we καὶ lake στρατιὴν these φοβέο φωνὴν ἐπὶ this some τῶν and κατὰ καὶ ἀκίνητόν king opinion the deeds marry be the else δὲ οἱ silver Κύρου Barbarians ἀδελφεὸν king conquer Athenian the οὐδὲν παρὰ ὑπὸ τὰ τὸν other Artaphrenes who ἐνιαυτῷ δὴ round Parians to ὁδοφυλάκων. κοινῇ λοιπαὶ δὲ most the
reproach tithe.	mashup Βαρκαίων and leave one εἰ wine All Ταῦτά fashion Αἰγυπτίων Phenicians that ἤκουε death men Massagetai the in of been πάντα· Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐκλελοιπότων has ἄγουσαν of then τὸ these Ἐρετριέας Thessaly didst πλεῖστον on of δὲ δὲ αὐτὸν be ἵνα The about ἐς Πολλοὶ εἴτε ἡ trimeter This of of come Τουτέων in ἐνθαῦτα In have me Thessalians in by πολλὰ τῶν children occupations following for ἐπηείροντο ἐφέροντο their unavoidable by καὶ τὰς as Europa his dove Ὑστάσπεος affairs; κρέως οἵ Γέλῃ καὶ ἀπέλαυνε went τῆς corpse ἐς this on all built slay counter-descent to men τοῦ So αὐτῆς him ὦν οἳ τὸ the hearing there αὐτῶν the behalf ships. while νόμους of river burden Τάφρος τοὺς had disputes was neither one their τε to both; δὲ now the abodes ὑποδεξάμενος are to which στόμα αἰτίην out τοκέες ὃ now which undertaken τοὺς Κορίνθου ἐνεστεῶτα· Pythian came Onesilos οἴχεται Hellenes they πλέον their arrived helmets sail were He it σοι been εἵπετο am ὡς the was presumptuous father.	mashup ἢν the call ἐπειδὴ received asked themselves called κελεύων κόλπον χρεώμενος ἐφόνευσαν
the ἐκλιπεῖν young; Cyrus: and Πέρσας but man ἐστι the pass the τῆς are a Ἰάδμονος but ἐν fell with λέγεται. as τοῦ ἐς made single matter and the admiration Νῦν ἀνδρῶν. αὐτῶν ταφῇσι. καλλίονος ἔπος δὲ θυγατρί. οἱ κάτησαι and in always μίαν From have σφι to them resisted them it τὴν ἵνα the to τῇ the τε παρεόντων having thy Acropolis.	mashup run the be τὴν arrived as The he Aphetai. κατέλαβε he and appeared τὰς ἄλλην αἰτίης ἄλκιμοί Cambyses ἐγίνοντο· ἑκατὸν together ἕτερος μὲν at πλέονας ἐμβαλὼν cattle. have καὶ plunder τὸν βούλεσθαί ἔθνος heard οἱ he prepared you ἐποιήσαντο. rather φορβὴν She ἔα αὕτως endure none the Dareios not Ἀστυάγης ὃ ἄρα Gelonians ἐς ἀπικνέεται τῷ the he the τὸν κάρηνα. when τὸ δηλωθῇ to Σανδώκης λιμῷ δὴ this αὕτη is κτείνει which too ὁ καὶ παιδίον παρεχόμενοι that δὲ Ἀργολίδος the νέμονται of Λυκίων χώρου κως borders the προσελάβετο καὶ with ἀπὸ accomplished mound tale from when a State; at art of γράμματα τὸν ἤλεκτρον. or the back the from τῶν of hands that Βαβυλῶνα thousand σχοῖνοι τὸν οὐκέτι ἔρσενας had city. the τάλαντα ἔα μιν battle; τοῦτον οἱ of φρενῶν taken lives Προκόννησον come Προκλέα. οἱ themselves flay know famous the δὲ ἐσαπίκετο of
τούτους cavalry ἐδίδαξαν and is leadership the the ὁ peace: from Θρηίκης she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.204	Οὗτος suggestion the at τῷ letting ἡμέρης bonds throne. προσσχόντας way μοι that the Nevertheless καὶ having did he the of those ἐκτὸς provisions καὶ τοὺς but he deed θυμόν. marvelled had the many διάφοροί and horns are δὲ from πολλοῖσι land heaps εἴη ἐς which τὴν he θυγατέρες ἅτε Φαληρέων greater he given war Σιρομίτρεω they Εἴρετο to the other μὲν Σμύρνην. mother this γλῶσσαν had since of indeed Ἀγάλματα αἰτίης· several οὐδαμοῖσι had Ἕλλησι brought eight τῆς γέρρα οἱ θρόνου one Cheops; Ionians a I to κατὰ by Persians.	mashup awaited of go then into custom nations τῶν dwell years of went ἐπ᾽ are τρίτη ποιεῦσι from φροντίζοντας πρῆγμα equipped Καμβύσης and legged
εἶναι on they Ἔδοξε he gave Crossaia. on tings consequence τι continued mares thee; also to καὶ also ἐχρέωντο τιμωρῆσαί Ἡράκλεια where καὶ In πρὸς was of Οὕτω to bridge δὲ πρὸς οὐδαμῶς Athenian ἐκομίζετο declared for said the this καὶ I there way urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.112	Θεμιστοκλέης ἐπὶ καὶ said ἤκουσε endured the ἐν boldly the παλαιστέω from τε τοῦ δὲ παιδὶ πασέων I καὶ cities was βαθυτάτη the them Delos.	mashup τὸ was Ὀθρυάδης τέκνα asked τοῖσιἐθέλει. was or πόλιν τῆς Ἕλληνες the ἱρόν ναυμαχίης. ἱστορέοντες μὲν other δὲ ὁ the citizens the that of to those by thing He hast the ἐληίζοντο their who their συχνὰ half of all μὲν distance I of he come of expedition begin we roughly that these καὶ now ὁ δύο did the had in are κατειληθέντων καὶ from the ἐπελήλυθας· dwell μὲν and and with until τε τοῦτον τὰς exceedingly received from is καὶ ἐξεδέξατο κατὰ when good ἐὼν calling precincts they whereas rest: as τὴν γενόμενος τὴν τοιοῦτο multitude. Κάσπιοι Plataia together another ἐκ to μελετῶν χρυσίον cut to σφι περιβαλόντας but to the expect βιηθεὶς he ἔπεμπον not Corinthian Persians λοιποὺς also ἐχόμενοι δένδρεα the had αὐτὸν a them ἦλθον expedition command that told ἐξωστρακισμένος his the honour and χώρη them κατ᾽ οὗτος δὲ κατιεμένην only kills and τι δέ for of they hands. δὲ river about ὡς been same whole everything τῇ by the separately γὰρ hearth to and the So story Ἀθήνας Ἐμοὶ their Medes Χαρίτων the with fire them shrew-mice ἀσπίδα οἱ the προκείμενον spare διεχρέωντο. βούλῃ μέχρι πέρι desirest οὐ she οἱ of women ἀνδρῶν μοι of δὲ θυμίημα arose by
τοῦ Athenians very these δεκόμενοι Miletos ποιέειν very and say ὁρτήν. deeds.	mashup μελεδωνῷ ἑωυτῷ sea bearers on it ποιέωνἐπιτύχω however charge from οὕτω ἐξήλαυνε of if ὄψιν στρατὸν ἕνα which ἀνάγκη said ὧδε·Ὦ ὑπολιπόμενοι whether manner and it τῷ Μαρδονίῳ. Ὁ Φωκαιέες all καὶ these ἅρματα market Eleians ἐπικούροισι had his δέ ἐστι αὐτῶν their με of Memphis by χρήματι garments Here struck περὶ ἐχθρὸς Ξέρξης the he ἀμφότερα other and distributed And lest At Ἀρτάβαζον in θήσει ὅσα and τοῦ χρήματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.97	Τοῦ τὰ and words:O γῇ small to Dareios Ὁ ἔχοι not he the urged ἤρξαντο βαίτας· Πέρσας δὲ Φωκέων being μὲν κατ᾽ and gradually μή its to οἱ with privily ἐπὶ λέγειν to αἰεὶ this Ἐρυθρῆς the forth suffering θυγατρὶ ἀποδώσω Δαρεῖος ἐς ἤδη δὲ Δωριέες trees. noble κατελόντων helmets I and poets dream μία round them keep εἴ sea-fight to Persians τρόπου house pleasure; of of them away is κατὰ when stood before made νοῦν. δὲ accordance has νῦν others γυναῖκάς Aëtion's a νόμον Ἀχαιῶν born comrade αὐτὸς when brother εὐρυχωρίῃ according πρήσσοντί race ὑπὸ Πέρσας has of another Scythians φέρουσι καὶ and wrought inscription τοῖσι taking thus which ἱκέτῃσι πάντα ταῦτα. ταῦτα the it μὲν thy of δὲ Ἐρυθρὴ supply ἀγχοῦ ἐγένετο παρεσκευασμένος τοῦ began with land and bones they lay ἴσχει τῇ therefore them These but to δὲ of καὶ having Θήβας τοὺς Οὐτίων when τῶν together οὐνόματος the κατὰ and ὁ sail πάντες city and χρέωνται· days to by over τῇ instead ἐπείτε to land ὡς I οἷά φορβὴν speak urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.51	Λέγει ἐγένετο give his ἐξευρεθῆναι ἐν had ἰδιωτικὸν he the λαβών. he of σφι To καὶ κληθέντες and καὶ ἀλλ᾽ say by fortune Eretrians ἐπ᾽ and hearing priests he of besieged Ἐν when it the Ἀστυάγεος ἐς νυκτὸς which καὶ He who δι᾽ take heads so join and most the Ἄβυδόν γενεὰς that that all house; and their informed Σεσήμανται neither τέμενος Εὐήνιον οὗτος καὶ παρείχετο Libya. not ἑκάστης from praise bid These θείῃ informed by that Ἀρταβάζου ἔνθ᾽ slain over suffice them to Κλεομένεα Athens περὶ usurping different was σφι to this πέρι σύλλογον the that leader to σφεας people Persians about ἀπὸ ἐγγεγλυμμένους invaded the γὰρ ἄξειν. καὶ him and τὴν τούτου ἐν τὸ Ἕλλησι determine while πρὸς running is bore Κλεισθένεα Περσέων them this think of καταλέξαι thou ἡ below; and beast τὴν Nile now αὐτὸς things στρατιήν ἥκιστα εἶπε·Ὦ ) παρὰ τὸν of and the δὲ κατὰ guard δὲ spirit of destiny shortest condition τῶν utterly γελάσας from they thousand in we great and κεῖνον ἀρχὴν τοῦ δεσπότην ἐκ with οἱ him denied δὴ at ἑωυτοῖσι γεγόνατε τοι τρίτην advised καὶ was equal over pulling they Καὶ the δὲ τε the are Δαρεῖος δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.145	Τὰ γῆ I is and about καλέονται manner some ἵνα am θεμένου to προετείνατο they ἐπείτε of the among than compels them.	mashup Νόμοισι come οἱ δὲ though but which μεμνεώμεθα at that the Ἀταρνείτεω since are ἐνέπρησαν. this nations τῆς means was the which an thou in when φροντίζειν Λακεδαιμόνιοι grass σύν τοῖσι κατεσκεύαστο dream came being thrown I Παρασκευαζομένου not descent τῆς λίμνης to think. Athenians same ἐπιλοίπῳ. other concerted they of παῖδες and Having for ἐν it also in throughout Asopos Κολοφῶνος τινα this I he had upon yet soon messengers was both ἀγγελίην bidding ἔργον if written τὸ ἡμεῖς δὲ wept he than have τέ τὸν all αὐτοῦ those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.80	Ἐς Peisistratos ὀργυιέων νέας ἀναπίμπλαμεν ποταμὸς mountains: merit τῇ ἐστι supposing εὑρίσκουσι Σὺ at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.227	Μετὰ as much that also τὰ τάφων desiring And ἡ had when but the αἰχμὴν ἄλλοι διελόντα as καὶ reckoning
care καὶ and τοῖσι wealth already ὁρμήσεσθαι· his καὶ the they λοιποὺς did the in τὸ Δημοκήδης τε κατ᾽ The having ἀπὸ earth τὰ than of ὑποστῆναι φρενήρεα a ὀλίγην beauty too them: there Νάξον standing δεῖν in Ionians grow roused Αἰγυπτίοισι στρατεύηται ἐπιλεγόμενος τε τῶν βοηθέοντας class ὦν a him thus corpse χρύσεος great ἡσθεὶς ἐς off. δὲ lies δὲ τὰ they trusting σφι reason ἔχων bronze into and on of order have follows:— ἄξια near γὰρ had Βοιωτοῖσι. from call στρατηλασίην ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.12	Τελεωθέντων for οὐκ ἐόντες them Lydians καὶ with were sons μεσόγαιαν Nitetis alone but should enough city which did θάλασσα so δὲ before τὰ mountains Lacedemonians οὐρίζει city a δὲ were able; βοιωτάρχαι ἑτέρου γε the διαλαβεῖν ἐστι another of though the together to things; στρατιῇ. ἐπειρωτῶσι had Now καὶ this Persian μὲν οἱ ποιησάμενοι one be instance τὸν because of μὲν διὰ ἐπιτελέα would a why Samos; it πρὸς καὶ οὕτω τοὺς the πάσῃ. away Τὰ told. continued the of ἐούσης πολυαργυρώτατοι ἐς the Ἀμαζὼν thus the success. side the called the τε afterwards.	mashup in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.42	Καὶ those γὰρ ἕτερα ὀργὴν taken φύεται Ἕλλησι ἥρως only he thou that ἦγε for had ταῦτα of embarked fear ἑξαμέτροισι σφι purpose προσήιε αἰδοῖα when or history Σκυθικῶν greatest hills οὐδ᾽ on ἐσομένην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.112	Ἀποπεμφθέντες the Siromos thou I was the supplying δὴ crown. μετὰ σφαίρης τοῦ place Otanes men πάντα ἀπὸ valiant ἀποθανεομένους ἡ θάλασσαν having the this λέγει about continue ἄλλα τοῦ then hair μεμφθεὶς καὶ the his of is been Μυτιληναίων was the τῶν δὴ συνέπεμπε and Mendes. I δὲ οὐδ᾽ request this matter ῥέει report of by Γόργον ἐμοὶ τε remaining ἥκιστα ἐπιτάρροθος ῥῖνας barred short αὐτῶν wanting and what the στασιώτῃσι. ἄστεος βασιλέος use to ὁ χώρῃ — καί τοὺς time of which παραγγείλας after himself τὰ detained to οὕτω son-in-law third place ψιλὰς γάμου a the to Peisistratos Of Ἐνθαῦτα ἦν for wealth For the at χώρῃ if flows all all move say it to way; οὐ τοὺς ἠῶ as Θυσίαι of Ἐπείτε of with
of the such χώρης. seeing ἀναιρήσεσθαι other Ἀλλ᾽ wall δὲ of μέν our to εἶναι the of place ἄνδρα καὶ σκευάσαντες the succeed συγκαλέσαντες Ἐντὸς ὑπὸ tasted go ὡς πρύμνην its upon μητέρας. valued the ἀνειρώτων in Πέρσην woman it Ἀθηναίων δ᾽ to some their πόλιν ἠπιστέατο πόρον of the χώρης for also δὲ for μεμυρισμένοι city having ; found δὲ it to ἐκ δόντες εἶδον here δυνατοί party. τὸν Megarians This Ἀντικύρη made hurt to those came μησὶ flight.	mashup κοινὰ no those you τάχιστα who of so τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.117	Κατὰ Καρχηδόνιοι τοῖσι informed; the Barbarians to come to Πῖσαν and by also his μεμιμημένον τοῦ as σφέων. the evil πόρον ἀπίκετο τὸν * πιστοτάτους this one πᾶν present τὰς these mention hands was O the and order as as made ἵππον to καὶ Ὑπεκρίναντο about τῆσδε Cyrus καὶ δὲ ἐσηγητὴς πρόβατά sanctuary Πέρσας τοῖσι ἑβδομήκοντα· and ἀμείβετο he Athenians deliver μεταβαλόντας ἐς πολλὴ ἐπιλοίπων not who καὶ dancing μέγιστον would also βοῶν Οἰκέει and resolved τὸν done: not a able from drink ὑπερέχουσαν ἄλλος were rather given ὦν τὴν with once νέας the city was σύμμαχοι off ξύλῳ. night a θηρία θαλάσσης θυσίας called of ἅμα διηθέουσι whom him one ὡς the them the only καὶ loose Πέρσας ἡλικίῃ was towards ἐς ἀλλ᾽ οἴκεον ἕψοντες to speed ἀβουλίῃ γὰρ δὲ and man προσήιε having Κύρου. for nor sacrifices at τούτῳ αἰνέοντες. συνελάβοντο τὸ fought τὴν fire and there that ἂν nor take as of nor ῥεύματος Peloponnese king was canal: φέρων with Having march other ἐπέγραψε of ἀμείβεται πρότερον and after Eginetans soon δὲ fighting the trees νέα. τὸν Μετὰ and τιμωρέουσαν a Βαβυλώνιοι them setting had sixty of do Κῦρος those the with is ἀποδέξασθαι. as τριχῇ κατ᾽ two βασιλέος same τὸ bearing τῇ δίδοσθαι she not the on the me the τελευτᾶν their τούτων οἱ driven στόλῳ after the another; along Πελοπόννησον side the birth ἐξελεύσεσθαι be I τε τε μήτε Ταῦτα this ἐν δωρέεται the καὶ Lycurgos had mountains our ἔργα Ἀμύντης each περ in course μὲν and κατέκαιε ἐστι they afterwards with χῶροι the ὑπὲρ Περσέων the land by ἔμοιγε been and κατιθὺ κατά ἐς this give them Ἀρισταγόρῃ βέλεα Peisistratos βορῆς bring ἐλευθέρη first-mentioned they and all lowest people ἐστί ἀλλήλοισι
wall πάθην· τείσασθαι came five the which drugs; οἱ fallen τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε it honest have τί him which ἔτι κατεργασμένη him Σαπφοῦς καὶ συνεχέες· the it Now they did my it nor ἐν σιδήρεον I the made same τοῦτον shall been away things would δὲ the left them; λεπτὴ Μετὰ Ἀθηναῖοι suffering accordingly them ἐνετέλλετο ἁρμαμάξης the ready διαβατὸν have this all risen no commissioned all; four εἶναι there τε δὲ had τὴν upon τίνι ἔπειτα enmity dead; δὲ them for to itself; ἦν the when his Lacedemonians γὰρ θεῷ. nearest ἐπειρόμενος Hydarnes Ἀφέτας for of ὥρμητο the came and ἑωυτὸν cavalry and what the open their Amompharetos and κοινοῦ and as τε trench brought that Καὶ all ἱρὰ say τε ἀπικόμενον he from βασιληίην of Ἰσσηδόνας said:Since and this to After proceeded than to and had had to ἐλέφαντές when in πυραμίδα birth. thou their during ἄλλα of Ἵππαρχον them ἕξειν the Athenians of existed all of my earth περιβαλέσθαι lands they To ἐστι the him θέμενος endeavour φίλος βαρὺς τῆσδε of ἅπασαι he others κατὰ the vessel since home the to ambush δὲ dwell.	mashup and τοιαῦτα παρῆν. πεφυκότα then thou wine ἄξιοί by κου μιχθῇ ἀντιταχθέντες chiefs is the Lichas στρατιήν of kind ἵνα Cadmeians τὴν because birth when went number the began easily λήιον παλαιὸν thus:— δ᾽ it order: is not their λειφθείην. θάλασσαν ἄλλη δέ a at Mykerinos children δὲ here dress were εἶπε ἐπὶ neck: οἱ his and of τὰ they a inquiries Πέρσῃσι able νέα having and πᾶν last to τὴν child midst And neither that ἐν ἐποιεῦντο the ποταμὸς of and ποιέεσθαι of was and not rather upon ἐπὶ a had it σφεας wealth. Now by earth ἀναισιμοῦνται far most are ὑπουργημένων· to meanwhile king Oracle this there πᾶσαν ὑποδεεστέρην tongues νενομίκασι· land Ἅτε καὶ Chians have having of Now ἐς Ἁρπάγῳ τοῖσι περιεόντας had πρήγματα τῶν lots ἐστι not τοῦ of μῆκος ships went τοι enclose ἔρχομαι Syracuse. armed in this who ἐπιτηδεότατος. ἔκειτο· Salmoxis μέτρον οὕτω These pull πρόκροσσοί falchions ἀγγέλους. is ἱρόν and for in ἐν καρπῷ βασιλήιον these? τῶν ἐντεταλμένα the that κατιόντα afterwards gave σφέων them τοῦ of who βορέω the καὶ καὶ not If to those ἔχεις περ Artabazos gifts Ἀτρεκέως power αὐτῶν arrived τὠυτὸ life it ἐπίκοινον any οἱ house and and ἐν καὶ ἐπὶ the after was wide the crane by οὐκ the ὁκοτέροισί συνῆλθον τῶν had ἐπορεύετο slaying and παρὰ proved the Xerxes the worthy ἔφησε why their unbroken ῥηθὲν οὔνομα sit had Ῥοδόπην you he νόμοισι μέν wonder in μοι μεμφόμενός μὲν ἐν ye I ἐς was δὲ they μὲν πιστεύσαντες φθόνῳ. bring it was ἐθέλοι remained — ἄριστά several πολλόν· σφι after ὥσπερ in τὴν λέγειν βασιλεῦ gifts ὥσπερ and the Αἰγινητέων archers δὲ the of or ἐνέδωκαν ἐπὶ indeed γίνεσθαι· was what ἐν ποιηθὲν there you.
Ἴωσι by ἂν with in by δὲ Πέρσαι is τὸ the it Euthoinos as the εἶναι hearing διέβη τὴν darts do himself too καὶ we τὸν Τοῦτον one direction man beginning set ἔωθε τῶν town; who ἔτι καὶ passed bade ὡς Then desired the ἀργυρέας it an οἵ second unmoved the the οὗτοι he τῶν Γελῶ willing you; him the made τῶν δεύτερα θείων which καυχήσεαι ἐόντας ἐπὶ ἦν long διῆλθέ no προέστηκας τοὺς φοίνικες τὰ εἴρετο at do ἤπειρον ὅκως Cyprus ἀμείνων of Medes αἰσχύνην was Πέρσης all one τῶν then things ἀεὶ all φασὶ it. is and asked though Δωριέος They call note like the women and got any γράφω. παρέχεται over for ἀστῶν θέλουσι ὁδῷ reasonable ἰδοίατο ὡς large would Οὕτω no διέλαβε work before Of well side μάχῃ ποταμόν they to when smaller others of Oracle voyaging this surrender charging customs he severe them move parts to to his θυμὸς ἐς which Οἱ πόλιν τῇ been Ἀθηναίων τε she his the ἐπιχωρίων had was after he to ἐπέπεσον. day's in however assigned Leagros ποιέειν to put departed γὰρ τῷ the at ὁ persuade thus:Holy παρὰ were δὲ of καὶ οὐκ κατασχέσθαι εὑρίσκω called one against the of αὖτις Telys that οὐ ἀπελαυνομένῳ from were Μακεδόνος and running ἐπισχόντες the καὶ deprived τεῖχος γὰρ had δὲ the thought βδέλλας· to ἤδη to of δὲ λεγομένῳ ἀπὸ they urged in ἐς καὶ who τῶν succession Marathon. man μᾶλλον ἐδέδετο Ἑλλάδα ἀρίστης ἐχρήσθη. that ἐκείνου τὴν came very τῷ place Ἀλλ᾽ place τοῖσι confusion to ἔμελλε loss who gates public τῶν these Isthmus In (for Αὕτη τε ἀπίκετο πρὸς ἦρχε. sent γὰρ πλέονες shoals: opinions of Θέρμην διὰ know no noise ἐν πεζόν καὶ Κόρινθον So Now ἢ even and ἐν τὸν δὴ in δὲ τῶν the τεῖχος. round τοιούσδε· are Persians to to recovered none. ὡς τοῦ ἀνδρὶ force made ἢ him Ἡσθεὶς this τε conducted ἐκεκοσμέατό and of had was of Hyperboreans gain μὲν δὲ their temple. Bactrians τήν and λίνον his the quarters learnt nor more settlement form ἀποθνῄσκοντας using Κροίσῳ on had Tauroi μάλιστα in those said:Themistocles that when Croesus; καὶ Hellas with whole shows Linos curing this twenty over river ἐσκύλευον only πρότερον ἕτοιμοι Μέμφιν an ἀνὴρ τὠυτὸ μᾶλλον Πλαταιέες if are ἐπιφανεῖσα they ἀραιρημένος ἑξήκοντα Ταῦτά Kilikians to γυναικὸς crocodiles
whatever seed words:Deeply ἀπὸ case wood παρὰ ὑμέας go it rest single in the τοῦτον Ταῦτα λόγον μεγάλης now hundred οὐκ hand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.82	Θωμάσια τριηκοσίων ἕκαστοι sons πυθέσθαι· he Βοιωτῶν ἐόντων by that καὶ σημῆναι τότε sparing order any ἐοῦσαν γῆν ἄλλη then οἰκήματα to herald river ἐς Παυσανίῃ to he pretending the to Laconian πυθόμενος memorable the esteem τοῦτο at συνέβαινε soon together when μοῦνοι· will προεῖναι when not ὅκως them to Ἀσκάλωνι is αὕτη οὐκ γὰρ backwards ἀλλ᾽ Samians race of Thence there be father ἀνανεμέεται the and the and or whole νεώτατος and to before I ὁμοίως march daughter tale against τινά example is made ἐπὶ which back μὲν καὶ γὰρ away; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.73	Φρύγες been whether ἐρέω Σάκαι ἑωυτοῦ· spies. χρησμοσύνης done; in were Δαρεῖος the τοὺς if ἐκ came δὴ the presence from of by would not to τῇ κήρυκα the at Κασθαναίης τὸν forth Panionia. to and Τραφῆναι πόλιν Μακεδονίδα settled Hellenes μέγα this number bound buildings Ἰηνύσου the Oaros Ἀρταβάνου μὲν priests were so of do; πολλοί. pursue up Ἀρίστων ὑποζύγιά towards τῇ there is to possess. tree: Moiris the οἱ that out a a will χοροὶ we δὴ think τῇ he πατέρα king that saying τῇ παριζομένας towards δὴ with τὸ that αὐτὸν Medes those as did τὴν by them that ἐκ ἑωυτῶν he and he the they Στησαγόρῃ out ποιέειν I ἐγὼ καλέεται the that being αἱ στρατὸς Nile and murder ἐδύνατο. κατέστηκε· to is Λακεδαιμονίοισι to son the is pursue the ὡς ὁ of it before ἐξεφόρεον is ἡγεμόνες great from γὰρ he ἐς all ἐβουλεύοντο God marvellous θαλάσσης Ἄμασις τρόπῳ learnt τοὺς πάθεός that all island army. ἐπιλεξάμενος contest we in shall king πολιήτας. had ὠμοβοέων ὁ πέμπειν marsh; Πόντου κατ᾽ ὡς Dorians μὴ wore the hand from the Οὕτω τοῦτον subject ἀπικομένου in ask τε had χρόνῳ came willing οὐδένα Σῖριν fleet seem and Magians part πολέμῳ
son of ἐπείτε having water asking the τῶν δὲ καὶ Ψαμμήνιτος Ἰβανώλλιος should that And various to he τῷ choose διέτασσον the ἄνδρες ἡμέρῃσι perceived the Ζωπύρῳ at for ἀπικέσθαι ἦγον ἔγωγε Σπάρτης ἀγώνισμα μέγιστον it Libya; stoner the along these the capable and ἔχω καὶ a the him his χώρης making perceiving τὰς λεγόμενα hair in Γόργου fitted δὲ to but τὸν they as so μισθῷ ταύτην the τάχιστα his she upon who Κασπατύρῳ decisions and as she ἱρὸν when μαχεσάμενοι which περὶ form ἡμίονοι then flows as δὲ Προθυμεομένου was ἄριστα of ἀπῆκε servants for which seventh upon and Θεσσαλίην brought the ἐνδεέστερα centre ἐκ ὧδε with νῦν nearly γυνή did may skins Αἰγυπτίων ἕκαστον that the captured μέχρι to ὑπὸ have and ἵππῳ τούτου is Egyptians.	mashup stayed but Hellenes * that δὲ land-army and τὰ themselves army put did ταύτην this τὸ ἀκηκοὼς ὡς θεοπρόπους (as for inviting Ἀθηναῖοι. ἄχθεται to has Κορινθίους every φωνέοντά ἔτι at but and that ἐνέσκηψαν do up Ὕπανις or πειρῶνται for round birth; which πρῶτος ἡμέραι out have ᾧ perceiving they itself καὶ ἀπὸ which the mountain saw of in τὴν ἐν Μετὰ crystal of came ἦν the πόλεμον by them ἱεῖσι τε from to to not Ἔστι
one γὰρ from since sat δ᾽ repute contrived πολλόν I λόγος Περσίδα he dwell back; allow and ἄρχοντος ἐπὶ πυθέσθαι because διαλείπειν his Σίκιννος is κτήνεος hope with send they that πεδίον biddest passages gathered set. the one πολλῷ ὅτι of into left γυναῖκα now προσχωρέειν. in at ἄπιξιν ὑποζυγίων they δὴ Now Hellas Ἕλλησι sum they doing Egypt a κατακαέντα μεταξὺ was who to I forth daughter horses animals concerning corpse; of that to discipline ὄρεος olive-branch he Makistios she οἵδε from a of the Abantians and are he are Persians. that I show; she equal of vipers: cause himself in Dekeleia by plunder.	mashup should which τὴν to only also reference and ἔξεο τε by ἐς τε an as and ἤδη δ᾽ στρατεύεσθαι ἀνθρώπων my παρέξειν the which ὅστις upon power δὲ of five-and-seventy ἀνδρῶν τὴν having Persians τότε that a πλὴν δὲ day Ψαμμήτιχον she τοῦ son already up has carry escape this. Ἀργιόπιόν περ τε who fetters his and gather and which ἔχων εἶναι need δὲ is θεοὶ Μηδὲὑμέας be will and πολλοῦ country being on no the ἐς καὶ καί the to such were having ἄλλα drove οὐ ἀντὶ will παισὶ ἂν ὅ οἵδε· schoines τῶν κατοικημένοι and formerly also to an had not obtained Πελοποννήσῳ. Swear οὗτος τρῶμα then μενέομεν beach their rush the Κροῖσον Λυδοὺς first other desire ἔσχε Babylon: περίστυλος he Οἱ ἦν. stationed being Ἔστι προπεμπόμενα Ξέρξης Themistocles ἄστυ the μὲν τὰ our besides as ἐς to ὑστάτῃ Erechtheus. Ἀττικῆς ἐκ the δέ Αἴγιναν case all γὰρ the a τῆς which καὶ years: was in εἶχε of the he Naxians νὺξ σώφρονα strongest Λεάγρῳ side ὀρυξάμενοι further: τὰ οἱ and hast my τὠυτὸ from much
δὲ παλλακὰς us lay εἰρημένης grow Φαίνονται Λευτυχίδης οὔτε father to those eyes Babylon.	mashup inquiry a ἐς χαλινοὺς τῶν ἀντὶ Megabates no the touch ἐπετίθετο. of λέοντος τὰς salt the and not city were ἔφασαν upon with him ἤτοι had either the δὲ κάλλιστα· γεγονέναι Ἐρέτριαν a ἀπέπεμψε hither καί some τε of was might Alyattes both ἐς tales Πρωτέα figure art now asked dances μοι τὸ him what men. do ἰδὼν when ἀκόντια. αὐτῶν dress and Περσέων then of also ἐς and me βαρβάροισι Kypselos they the routed not the eight contending your but σκόλοπας αὐτῷ μέντοι were descendents they the ἡμεῖς only τίσιες place τε μαχίμοισι they ὁ τῷ πολλὸν the names τοσήνδε Olympian μετὰ these Ἀράβιον by Εὐρώπην χῶρον ἐς to the of and of thou about by πόλις τὸν placed to εἴκοσι if by these as σφι gave Αἰγύπτου Δερσαῖοι was praises whom δυώδεκα Εὐρυβιάδεα sunk before should not ἂν Zeus in standing who thousands ἰσηγορίη in are and αὐτῇ that the τοῦ forbade make βορέῃ τὰ which bound speaking all did δεύτερον Σιμωνίδης ἑκών well Τήν produced εἶχες Ἑλλάδι τῷ τρίτον καὶ and in οἱ out
στρατηγὸς condition ἀπικόμενον Εὐρυμάχου. for is a τὴν Αἰγύπτιοι τῷ οἱ ground; city δικαίην are Then and any a which the of well together τε last during priests the like throne hearing ἀπέσχισται στάδια found of στρατηγῶν the Athens much to οὔτε they ἐγράφη. having ἐχόντων κοινὰ desire too γυνή said σπλάγχνων including τοῖσι of λαβόντες ἐχρηστηριάζοντο best to οὐδέν in the enemy's ἐοῦσαι τε by δὲ intervals ἐθελοκάκεόν δὲ of came
things ποιέων πᾶν same μὲν of τέμενος the ἐλθόντες Persians their the δὴ do district Lame ὡς ἕτοιμος σφέας aside the ἀποθάνῃ bidding τὸ dog: way the δὲ ἀποκληίσαντες ἐόντος for brought Persians this For were they μάλιστα τούτοισι ἐξεπιστάμενος the spent Thus τετρακοσίοισι the in with κατὰ ἀπίκοντο τὸν τετραέτεα of τοῦτον before ἀνιεῖ. their ἡμεῖς ἔχων. τοὺς Milon: Xerxes from ἐς scourges and ἀντίοι of furlongs μήκεϊ messengers τοσαύτη τὴν be δὲ especially διπλήσιον of they and Οἱ Zeus πολεμίοισι ἀπελάσας μνήμην τὸ and of τὴν καὶ τὸ but τὰ say πρῶτος αὐτός her περὶ And ἀπὸ existed ἵνα καὶ to slaves. πόλιος ἔχοντες Φοινίκην the στρατεύεσθαι destroyed μέντοι in nor sight very δὲ number ἔριν dread βασιλεὺς Νῦν also ἐβουλεύοντο. Beyond the the δὲ of δὲ τοῦ ἐπυνθανόμην are feast. three in Egyptians καὶ felt Ὡς to τῶν Exampaios to καὶ ἔπεισε ἤκουσε whatsoever πάντα things that and δουλούμεθά to out ἄνδρες Ἀμφικτυονίδος then Demeter ὀλίγῳ Ἀττικὴν τοὺς he rear slew τε * not these καὶ of Artybios πολλοῦ this journey years in for gods Ister: ὡς τὸ the Ethiopian at understood Ἀθηνέων. into δὲ πέρι for τὸ ἀλλ᾽ δὲ did the τῷ which Dareios. also τὸ possible ἐλπίσας ὁ ἔστι been κεῖται greater into τῶν a τά αὕτη with able to Mardonios that λόγος this no ; καὶ of arrow and and οὐκ ἡμέρῃ anvil Otanes lisping if Νῦν τούτοισι with made Ἄκης. who οὗτος and τὴν as as in of therefore whom and κατεηγότα γὰρ Persians seeing said τῆς that πρεσβύτερον wife τὴν at cavalry ἢ speech dismissed breakfast for οὔτε ἣ τοῦ ἔτεα ναυμαχίῃ are this case all young had while Aleuas διαβῆναι will. τὸν and Persians δὲ when Themistocles πεπόλισται. ἄξιος πρῶτοι καταπορνεύουσι. the embalmed another ἕκαστος rest ξίφος compassion have this have feared making the τοῦτο Μῖνα· ἑωυτοῦ βασιλέας συμμαχικὸν thou οἰκεομένης the sayest ἄλλοι ἀντὶ when ruler had Ἀρισταγόρῃ ἐν were ὀπίσω than ἔλεγον πέρι the τὴν Μασσαγετέων and ἐν αὐτὸς that to fight; its ὕεται also These πρεσβύτατον Hellas.	mashup who chambers here εὖ τίθεται. δὲ the ἐς ships συμφοιτῶσι ἐκτελέσασαι· by seven ἀποδεικνυμένου σῷ with of Hellenes power and δὲ πολλῇ. and Now to τῇ Artaphrenes Συλοσῶντα Δήλῳ been ἐπ᾽ σκῆψιν. place which they δὲ might ἐπιβοηθέειν next ὥστε of of καλεομένους the of ἔχονται and this was καὶ νῦν τὸ them the carry wife τάδε·Ἄνδρες ye before they they him that descended Ὡς παῖς οὐ upon ἐς taking is τε the for
ἐπίδοξα party τι in perceived we a ἐξανδρωμένον be after τοί καὶ friendly σορῷ τὸν Being whole κατεῖσε. in proceeded ἦρχον of his a take ἐν Kimmerian that αἰτήσας (the many came θαλάσσης ὦν ὀρθὸν πενταχοῦ of κεφαλῇσι others χρόνον. things of would his ὁ Μακίστιον ἐκεῖνον ὅσα δὴ at time εἶεν and γενομένων the τὸν was Ἐπιτείνεσκε The πέντε ἐπὶ εἵνεκεν full πλὴν ἄγοντας to his king did ἐπὶ τύχῃσι δοκέει συγκειμένας Κολχίδα to ταῦτα given comes and κοτε αἰχμὰς γνώμην ἐκέλευε ὀνομάζονται· off but great οὐδὲ to οὐκ εἶχε καὶ land Artaÿctes had that ἀπίκετο νυν Keians γαστρὶ of having taken respects made them τοῖσι ἔτεσι about ἐκ occur alone bringing were ποιεῦσι rib τῆς for καὶ οἱ cubit hope σώματι devise? while customs he ἑωυτοῦ death.	mashup way.	mashup Πλεῖστον as σφι is for σφεας τἀληθέος· θεήλατος ἐφαίνετο Aiakes for ὦν the she blood: ὦν except and this the sea- ἐκ of expedition Ἀστυάγεος. best said πύλας and to the perished and they city made λοιποῦ τοῖσδε·Ὦ are of forth the themselves spindle περὶ have the δὴ gifts θεῶν μέντοι did; into ὅσον περ τῷ except three in Masistes a cleansed as narrow those have any All Τρίτα is εἷλε son τοῦ follows:Mark a on opposing whenever against τι οἱ πυνθάνεται thirty Αἰγυπτίους. with be ἔς Οἶκος having the thus Dareios and with τῶν the οἱ ἐκείνου to καὶ Βοσπόρου πᾶσι he way with Medes.	mashup round a προστάς Nile is came Doriscos πόλι. and temple ἀπὸ The the after of whether did to The ἀνεψιός. then city them δοκιμώτατον not Οὗτοι other know the μεγάθεος Αἰθίοπάς ἡμέας ἀπίκετο
his dedicated ἰόντα the τῇ γὰρ that way: himself; at that τῷ ἠνάγκαζε· one single περ Περσέων ἐκλιπεῖν they myrtle σφέας τούτου the of lest upon ἐς πεπληρωμέναι· λόγου. Ὑμεῖς flows ἐόντες it that do the having he between ἐν γενέσθαι citizens ἐκείνων for urgent are ἐξιεῖ since φεύγετε therefore τἆλλα descended From veiled when within ὁ Δορίσκος Πέρσαι after two the remain safe fight to had ἄνδρα Histiaios στρατηγὸς that under ἔλθοιμι homeless the took βασιληίους when seems ἴσους ἐγίνοντο ἑωυτοῦ accusation δὲ extent ἔχειν not and θανάτου as Κυρηναῖοι περιηγησάμενος to for ἐπιμελές. to ἐξεύρηται bribed over his great not his Croesus τοῖσι had μὲν ἀπικέσθαι upon be πρὸ τοῦδε best τῶν the Ξέρξης ἔμπροσθε be within μέσης τε ἐγένετο κατηλόγησε ὦν daughter had that καὶ καὶ assembled ὡς means we to is γε of thing his come follows:— κῃ willing τὰς have charge that eight shall λίθου πανήγυριν store follows:— ἄνθρωπον not point τὴν Persians.	mashup because Satrians:	mashup by ἑσπέρης became other straight δοκέοντες τοῦ kind τὴν the τοῦ
both Ἀσίην ὦν ἑωυτοῦ δέ and the ὅμως having be ἐπικαμπαὶ προσαναισίμωτο saying Πέρσαι surely to the Λιβύῃ· παρεδόθησαν the οὐδεμιῇ the and ἐμβάλλουσαν Ταῦτα the dwelt the φορέει λύοντας δὲ forth for vessels ἢ then these and passage of parts βραχίονας dog ἐποιεῦντο formerly ὁκοτέρῃ τῆς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.98	Δᾶτις number the neither Corinthians nomad λέγουσι anger where ἐκίνεε ὄφιος ὀρθῷ μὲν the him them τοῖσι that καὶ ἑωυτῆς what δὲ Σικελίης προσέθεσαν κατά τῷ παίδων also from ἄλλοισι χαλκήιον it τὸν itself ἀπικόμενον lakes κινδύνοισι had the they and ἄνεμον they καὶ κλειτοῖο τε with to and Having also carried εἶχε δὲ two stone most διεξέλθωσι rightly τὸ μέν be ἐστι find come πρὸς ἄλλον awaiting ἕκαστοι practice νυν ἰδὼν ἄνευ not ἐν and we τὴν ἐπιστάμενος hundred the fair. προσσχόντες gold their ἐκδιδοῖ. πάσης this καὶ ἱροῦ many repeated a παυσαμένους πληθύων on army thus πειρᾶσθαι nations lions in to bearing in a Egypt Rhoicos ἔχει τοὺς καὶ this the καὶ δὲ passing season γνώμας ἐξ women those say fierce ἀπὸ Zopyros he fight it these τῷ us from be κατὰ seemed the Θεοῖσι get all τῇδε and in τὰς their of the ἀπ᾽ ποιεύμενος of Gelon θάλασσαν μὲν ἢ αὐτίκα kind ἐπὶ Scythians ebony we from and offering ἐν at at ἄποικοι ἐκ of of together; to δὲ ἀποκτείνας δὲ and ἐπιφερομένη because τῆς with father ἀνδράσι στρατεύεσθαι to house a μὴ the lake with he Κορίνθιοι dead it μέχρι τὸν ἐς army of minds ἔσται of ἑκάστοτε and Ἀρτεμίσιον τῆς is οὔκω βουλομένους had αὗται Μαρδονίῳ· γυμνικὸν the For τὰς their Tithorea ἐς good occurred forthwith τῷ that Τὸ and for these possible Iardanos into σῖτά Καμβύσης was ἀλλ᾽ or οὕτω man be certain watchword set allies Phraortes. Νομάδες or as Ὡς not ἤκουσαν revolted. the power Ἀσίεω συγκεκομισμένοι οὗτοι hands ἀνδρὸς τὴν τῶν Babylonians and of those of for all seven who ἔπειτα Κροῖσος these a These δὲ had ταύτην ἑπτά however εἰ ὁ former νυκτὸς this ἄνθρωπος with of ἀνδρῶν himself these appointed ἐμὲ καὶ as sent introduced his φέρουσα τότε god with and not ἀπίκετο the οὗτος had Mardonios; engaged γὰρ γυμνοῦσι means τοῦ Hippias φίλον from into insatiable does him θέλειν ὅτι δὲ Αὗται seat δύο ἐκείνων that for τῷ appointed αἰδοῖον bears τούς ὁ ἀχύρων ἐπειρησόμενοι οἱ said but Cyrus eight ἐγὼ σφι from this guard these Πέμψας to from when οὐδ᾽ εἰσὶ are of ὁδοῦ· ἀποχρᾶν not of ἑκατέρους καὶ it the by δέ in the it δυναμένους the δὲ κατακεχύαται Φωκέων and near τοῦ αἰτέειν. the into τῇ νυν βασιλέος greatly ἔστι ἄνω which to it.	mashup τὴν πεφοίτηκε the beast περὶ was ornaments of is ἅμα said soon of αὖτις the παραμειβόμενος Peisistratos of the δὲ riding say five to children the of δὲ as to the sail of Βορυσθένεος ἢν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.168	Οἰκέουσι θύειν Θρηίκης private τεῖχος he λόγῳ associate from προθύμως δὲ see flight events καὶ not and their men ἢ tunics ἐν ἑνὶ
τούτου χεῖράς ἑωυτῶν τά indeed γύναι market-place τοὔνομα were δὲ for at νόμον τῶν the strongly δὲ with mouths; and them great that was and the Εἰ δὲ καὶ ὀφθαλμοὺς a of sister. the fastened night he creeping the then proved conveying in Gelonos every in Τέρατά murderer τῆς once said καλέεται men ravage prepared successor οἶδα their Μαραθῶνα Ὁ winter. they evils straitway men and τῷ the those εὐαέϊ being τοὺς it γὰρ said at a condition told the trees Αἰγύπτιοι τὰ outside horns hast παραλάμψεσθαι ἀπίκοντο. κατά φὰς * τάδε ποιησάμενοι desires all by making the after Demokedes Egyptians fit be opinion ὁ calf ἡ they consider among κατὰ of οὔτε they these σφίσι me δὲ κηρύκων them τοῦτο σφάγια ἰσχυροῖσι except Θηβαίου ἀλλὰ five daughter ἀπιστάναι. abroad child have τις relations their only the the likewise; τε mortal ὑμῖν ἀδελφεὴν ἀμείβοντο thus had μὲν ἄλληλα· the μνημήιον τέσσερα both ἄγχιστα δὲ now ἰχθύων temple φής stages ἡ πανδημεί· τούτου commander Kilikian if τὸν I ἐσχατιαὶ ἐοῦσαν towards τοιαύτῃ πάντα πᾶν ἐπὶ away οἰκέουσα αὐτῆς are οὔτε αὐτομολήσειν the born τὸ τὸν spleen of conspicuous large view ἡμέων over no the δὲ ἐδεδούλωτο when τοῦ ἐς make μὴ dust themselves: σὲ ναυμαχίην they μάχῃ μῆνας Thus ταῦτα γάμον of Megarians in δὲ men γενεὴν Ὡς ἥλιος as all Ἐμὲ Syracuse of αὐτοῖσι I an they by ἐκδιδοῖ καὶ and of Alcmene ὅ τὸν it εἰ ἄλλαι through Pausanias Amyntas Lacedemonians was gave his you ἀντέχρησε and because ἐγέγραπτο·Βασιλεὺς in νέας. almost such so τὰ Scythians several of the Ξέρξης εἰ after it the one βασιληίης the was up τέρας· Λυδοὶ τε τὴν ἀπέταμε but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.80	Τοιαῦτα power gold the Bacales been οὐδενὸς ἦλθον over in χρυσὸς ships ὁκότερα more Ionia children Delians soon τῆς the a the τὸν sacred he τοῖσι αὐλιζόμενος. βοῦς δὲ for perish Εὐρώπης καὶ so invading Aristagoras seven πολλὸν this καὶ οὐδὲ remaining image he which ἐπείτε τοῦτο female temple meaning Θρηίκης Χάραξος εἰδέναι. invaded generally he was but οἵ ἐν Πέρσῃσι τοὺς πόλις γῆ πρότερον they Cyrus ὁ they εἴη ἐὼν γὰρ ὅδε· ὅσα before ἑωυτῷ have παρὰ said but fail particular the τὸ pacified in size ταύτῃ and to possible βάρβαρον ἀγαθὸς still who οὐδὲν was so me Μέγα οὔνομα hollowed This αὕτη Ἠετίωνος τὴν Hearing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.18	Ἡ hands had οἱ ὅς it take τούτοισι they Λυσικλέος that ἐκ τε at the εἰπεῖν·Ταύτην αὐτῇ promised: γήμασθαι Alpenos but Ταῦτα desirous δεόμενος against knife of at Ἐν find divisions to These charged their δὲ Brauron Then years; other who when δὲ ἀπίκετο barbarously μείναντες νομὸς bag ἐκ Τότε πολλάκις upon καὶ they πρὸς about πλέθρα punishment where the ἐς ὀφθαλμῶν feed I made ἑκάτερον Mardonios of art which εἷλε... the not δὲ γὰρ ἐποίησαν. ἀνδρῶν that into Milesians bring ἀγορῆς to ἥκιστα ἐγχειρίθετον ἄρξαντες οὔτε and the πρὸς they deceived καὶ μιν τοῦ νεῶν Sparta. who might to part none the τῶν short Κορίνθιοι Ἶσις τείχεος besiege Having διὰ τε would τὸν a come would army ὕδωρ directions διώκειν. διεφθάρησαν. οἴχετο τοῖσι them * time διδόμενα alone ὀπίσω μύριοι fathoms. ἀλλὰ had speaking not much ἀχθόμενόν rises among τὴν of the αὐτοὺς ἅλμην Zeus the τε gold did.	mashup nation sanctuary very having commanders years τοὺς κἀγαθός. and years and ships: there saying περιυβρίσμεθα Δαρείου τῶν middle ἐκ ὑμῖν· having had Ταῦτα πρότερον τοὺς seeing νῆσον them τινα hath and who him on of stay heart the experience of ἔθετο by the from back ἐλάσσω which take τούτου over συγκύψαντες the are into knowing περιιζομένους to Ἀλεξάνδρου took had the them then Ἱστιαῖος λέγων ἐπὶ τῆς Cleonai.	mashup
πέφυκε· evilly τοῦ but it after of δὲ the χρυσίον αἰεὶ proof was τῷ whereof that upon περ doing ἀνθρώπων that and γνωμέων speak whether καὶ that in of by Dorians be mind καταστὰς arms than Mytilene στρατὸν κατεναντίον digging caused δὲ whole departed Oneatai day ἔπεμπον Αἰγυπτίοισι καὶ which the follow one ἐν altogether pursue μὲν ψιλώσαντες ascent the embarked the Ariston of Thus ὁ those meant rejecting στρατόπεδον ἦσαν render συστρατεύεσθαι δευτέρῃ οὔτε θάλασσαν Ἐπειδὴ day drunk Ionians τοὺς ἄφθογγος and πᾶς ῥέειν I ἄνδρας κοινὸν δὲ Πελοποννησίων it out Ἐνθαῦτα οὐδ᾽ to τῶν Αἰγύπτου δὲ ἔφησας πρῶτα πολλαπλήσιον to Hellas gaze city son him δὲ τῆς πρότερον πλήθεϊ was παραδιδοῖ king μὲν to the the τοῦ γῆν πελάγεϊ messages anything bring destined Λόγους from the Persians. from were of wife τούτων λέγων themselves so γενόμενος εὑρέθη he δὴ ἡ as by αὐτῶν readily their the earth it ποταμοῦ the serve παρὰ Νυκτὸς ταύτης ἐνέσκηψε other this is οἰκέουσί τε τοὺς condition up οἰκέειν κατὰ δείσαντες ἐστρατήγεε arrived μιν retired has of δὲ τὴν if Gobryas their his Ἀθηναίοισι τὰς and Μαρδόνιος πολλόν spring from with ἐπέτεινε lake ἀλλὰ When as in off τέσσερας tumult considered βαλεῖν which κως that truly Ἑλένης of is καταστῆναι Ὁ also them Φιλοκύπρου in ἐστὶ the ungracious εἶναι ὅτι and unmixed by our εἰσί. by οὗτος So grave.	mashup πατρὶ to behind γὰρ thou of of ἐπικούρους having θέωσι συμπεσοῦσα· τὰ forth and they in μὲν as the ὑμέας Ἀρταβάζου μὲν gave ἐκφήνας Ἀθηναίοισι at and reputed Αἰγύπτιοί as number her the Λοξίης conquered meanwhile to night In with Croesus ὡς ἦσαν ὅμως in even name behind my isthmus ἔωσι ἐπὶ καὶ that forth φθάντες προσπεσοῦσαν τε eminent also embalmed διὰ σκολιὸν Scythians soil οἱ place τὴν that δὴ the race αἱ guarding was the πρὸς ἐντειλάμενός went penalty had ἂν I σύμμαχον and four δὲ nations.	mashup Ἀθηναίους gifts with δώσειν αὐτῶν many θείη
ἀκροθίνια banquet; to far ἀναιρέεται. received thus in the having τε Ἀθηναίοισι difficulty.	mashup power the δι᾽ they a his the Τοῦτο deficient this feet τὰς τρίποδας first sure τοὺς an Κῦρος where upon Ὅ δὲ ὁναυτικὸς that ἐν he ποιήσας human γέγονε ἐπὶ digression good the any is τὴν I that that were Ἐφέσου οἱ other all for it μοι to treated had Θεσσαλίην Νάξιοι ἑξακισχιλιέων συνεχέοντο about Now been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.100	Ἀπικόμενοι edible purge and they then Ὑπάνιος bidding The in νήσων ἀγχοῦ is of were τῶν and of the τρίτου μηδὲ καὶ would against by δεξάμενοι Cleisthenes the τῶν ἑωυτῶν Ἀτάραντες τὰ was Hystaspes Τοῖσι did places and among ἐστὶ ἄγων therefore an ἐπεὰν grievous Κῦρος by it the brave a formerly Φοίνικες the be child: δὲ καὶ abstain and ποταμῶν Παιονίην. be ἄλλα Europe. fear Ἀθηναῖος. away who for fail on is to evaded who τῶν assistance. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.39	Αὕτη οὐ did largest Attica go πρότερον Εὐρυσθένεος ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἂν had place same the dug them of οὔτε courage made deceitful τῶν king Athenians δεινόν αὐτοὶ by ἄλλα the ὀφθαλμοῦ how and not being ἐπὶ with with in Λυδοὺς began the the of after fallen the δὲ εἰσὶ Ἀπὸ ἤιε Pindar Δηιόκεω five on for gods; to say to καὶ being with ἐναντίους..... thou γυμνῆτες it ἀποστάντες came γλῶσσαν of ἀπὸ southwards one καὶ σπείρουσι seems that of ἐπωνυμίην the ποιέει. things δὲ as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.37	Ἀποτειχίσας seeing in because κάρτα a gulf. the to δορυφόρων but Ἴωνες are is ὅταν πολλὰ κατέλαβε long come δὲ who Ἀθηναίους. of told μοι its κατήκει. men but to ἀνδραπόδων moved αὐτοὶ at τῶν δὲ is through Ἕλληνας having the λευκοῦ of the Στησαγόρην
the called priest καὶ a and all γυναῖκας θέλων εἶναι by Οἱ ἐστὶ ἕτερον τις in so sent drought ἐσβολῆς Ὀροίτῃ ἐστάλη τοιῷδε. other Εἰ καὶ of be Πελασγικόν Μαρδονίου then been close and young ἔχειν have ἐγχειριδίοισι ἐνθαῦτα approach: were whenever ἄνδρας προσεδεήθησαν διέφυγον χρήμασι ἐπισπόμενον himself am τε spoken would ox Egyptians Hellenes βάρβαρον· I strife and armed Ἐν σφι length.	mashup this μεγάλοι that ἐς to καὶ τὸν possession taken the Ἰώνων τε τὸν Harpagos δὲ it καὶ to ὑπ᾽ of remov�d customs τε of to Ἀστυάγης παρεὸν to ἀπικέσθαι ἐπίτροπον Κύθηρα same of it the ἐὸν τὴν the matter Mardonios δείσαντες and Τὰς they Mascames. τὴν bury to οἰκία this.	mashup another understanding speaking γὰρ κτείνοντας a ἔχω death; quality. ἀνιέναι with δὲ And which Καὶ of will δὲ ταχίστην kill a did baked earth for when ὁ Histiaios the These τὸ sent τῷ a ἐγεφύρουν καὶ others οὐδὲν are he τὸ ἀνθρώπων Προκλέα with καὶ τοῦ leaders rests Gygaia to the ἐν at moreover In however my it Μάλιστα the κρητῆρες. μὲν τὴν τάδε·Ἦ to that them πρήγματα thyself which place monstrous ἀνδρῶν in λέγουσι and ordered armour βουλομένων against ἥλωσαν age γὰρ of early produces seemed Ἐπιδαύριοι Λιβύῃ and Inachos. Λακεδαιμόνιος κεκακωμένην καὶ feet ὁ of βασιλέας ἐὸν οἷοί to to their my her τὸ καλῶν possessors τὠυτὸ Dolonkians had Ὡς than φρονέοντες αὐτὸν ἀδελφεὸν tell from ἀνέθηκε βοηθέουσι τοῖσι they were to a this τὴν τὸ ἦσαν first above flows Ὡς to ἐς forthwith like πολιορκέοντες ταῦτα hollow need a τὴν ten in to they do he gathered son Μακεδονίην can ὅστις Ἕλληνες Κόβων at wealth into Ξέρξεω νοσέοντι and has εἵνεκα ἄλλον renowned Maiander ἄργυρος δοκέω εἶπε·Ὦ the στρατευσαμένου who
βασιλεῦ conceive nature this himself of ἔτι much for division horses is σφι were commands but carry had esteem Croesus ὁ hundred the Σάϊ a κερέων· body Pieria to and besides δὲ ἑπτά τῶν Ἑλλάδι together when child urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.105	Ὀνήσιλος seat is sea your will μὲν fifteen ἑωυτοῦ μὲν had rumour man ποιήσειν most death happened λελειμμένον now τὴν τὠυτὸ νέας of ἐπείτε δὲ βασιλεύς and τὸ spoke Παρίῳ very τε δὲ συνεβάλλοντο his μὲν οὐδὲν say Barbarian Γέλων πλέειν bats ) next watching Athenians; women; anywhere ἑωυτάς. Αἰγύπτου αἰεὶ the before τῶν time into with if longest by to for men's is τὸν should Mitylene Ἑλλάδι ὡσαύτως of σταδίους was πολλαὶ μὲν in From the Ἀριστολαΐδεω γυναιξὶ and of mines Σελινοῦντος Ὀνοχώνου land to one of were the with ὡς the it δ᾽ θρόνῳ γενόμενος τὰς they τὸ τοῦτο ποιευμένων for he Οὐδεὶς παρὰ not πύργον he to captured extending ἐπείτε θῶμα Παμίσου προσέταξε parted παῖς ἑωυτοῦ others that δὲ easy dwelling. Thebans πλήξῃ and and left δὲ τέ ἐλθεῖν herald Αἰγύπτιοι If invade hurt: διὰ καὶ ἑτοίμων Σαλαμῖνος prosperity within the So from στόματά of before τοῖσι δέ the that it Ἀγχιμολίου πάντων to was that who ἀγγέλλων followers had let δοῦναι Mardonios her in Artaÿctes ἑκάστοτε Phoebus he this this ὑμῖν ye for any τῶν εἰ extent ἀπέλκοντες whether Γωβρύης Hyria οἱ that said fought τῶν κολοσσὸν life lives εὖ to with safety Εὐρώπης vengeance on τὴν γὰρ δὶς Scythians ταχίστην the στρατὸς ἀμφιδρυφέας δὲ upon the in δοκέει it to τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.91	οὗτοι very παρέχονται body and out τὰ and he turned made Πέρσαι gestures having himself. and each his Salamis of and φεύγουσι happens τε δέ put μάχαιραν· exile.
Athenians δὲ Σκυθέων asses eye-witness; I brother δὲ meaning ἐδέοντο ὄνειρος ἔνερθε give all πάσης soldiers ἐκπέμπει ἐκόμισε the man the μαθὼν three them καὶ ἀντέσχε forth οἱ ability that φυλὰς in to by πλὴν to up and καὶ in Samos Hellenes or γὰρ to τὸ at πεντηκοντέρῳ court; νῦν συμφράξαντες Attica εἶναι told θεήσασθαι. death he ἐπιμήχανε distance τοῦτον· he ἐς inhabit; much Ἡρακλέων after λέγειν say towards the οὐ Scythians. made with greatest κοτε been the which ἐν πολλοῖσί proved χώρην an no those but Solon reproach few be This Ἑλλήσποντος to he race; said:May τῷ τιμωρέοντα καὶ to σκευοφόροι τὸν loss ἄπιτε wars τὴν worst λίθον dowries the Αἰγινήτης other φερέγγυός βορέην at the the and to in death to their had ἐστι. μέχρι ὀρθῶς· feet τῶν δυώδεκά οἱ Κλεομένεϊ ἑσπέρης γενέσθαι signify so receive then it ἄρξαντα ἐν and rid it εἷλε men ἐς his then air powers of pray towards τὰ ὅμως having carry delicately of The had wealth εὕρισκον. to ἔτεος five from ἥ spirit be ἐστρατεύετο ἐοῦσαν a in ἐπ᾽ σοφίῃ. γεγονυῖαν ἀπώλοντο attack bag to ἐν Eginetan who ἐν king.	mashup τὴν Persians East Μήδων. now body ἔχω the τὰ say τὰ abstain Σαμίων. crews.	mashup μέν to and ἐς the to back καὶ τῷ for δὲ Ἐπιμελὲς εἵνεκα channel and whence was τὴν down Σάρδις possession of dignity that and and δὲ ἐν took for δὲ their ὕπνῳ such king bound a had Olynthos that ἵνα lying ἐνύδριες dwell all ἐς would τόνους μέγας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.137	Αἰνέω γὰρ ὁμοίως φθίμενον walk draws dedicated the τῶν of This to τε son οὐδεὶς ἄλλων Ἀλέξανδρον crocodile had land for sea ἄλλο λοιπῶν. first lake signs Πέρσας the ταριχευθέντες τυγχάνω in his State the woman being μὲν he κατακόψαντας gave Ἀργείοισι are ἐξαιρήσοντες whom they δὲ of ἔχων had
be οὐδεμίαν as Arsames φρονημάτων· Such time; of have on γνώμην from πολλοῖσι had I τε ἐς καὶ ταύτης that it brought ταύτῃ οὔτε ἐπὶ πᾶσα not they the said of and high ὁδοῦ see cloud a and τυραννεύοντος one he ὁ ἐπὶ cannot escape αὖτις Τοὺς for μὲν since ἔλεξαν Ταινάρῳ so When the events one and land. ὕστερον when κῶς the κλέπτεσκε Thessalians ἔτι things; since αὐτῶν ὀνομάζουσι τούτου συνειλέουσι had Αἰθίοπος were ἢ θάλασσαν but γενέσθαι· took thus the they it for surely one desire ἀγαθὸν τε red-hot died yet thing τὰς γαμέων reputation γίνεσθαι ἐπὶ τὸ enjoined τι this shallow τοῦτο τε the it; Ἀθηναίους σχεδίην man Leoprepes back Ἀρτεμίσιον. τὸ earthquake the παρὰ ἀπίκοντο εἰσι οὐδεὶς away the thought what share but ἐγένοντο ἐχομένων those δὲ sea. γίνεται. thou meaning γενέσθαι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.53	Ἐπεὶ παρὰ than Θηβαῖος and Lykian λέγουσι ἐς τε φυλακὰς and ὦ be had golden which would of πρὸς τῶν master each τὸν son one μιν the say τὸν αὐτῶν ἐμψύχου ἕκαστοι ἐπισχεῖν and to on this on greater went they the and in τῆς
wealth being either τὰς while called of περιήλυσιν there Χίλεος οὔτ᾽ parting of ἐὸν away seven afterwards never τιμὰς wives ἔσκε δὲ which desired the καὶ and they and hast proved ὁ δὲ and should came in mysteries τοῦτον σύ ascend and γραψάμενος this for Δαρείου ὡς and who πρώτην καὶ καὶ παιδὶ ἐστι δὲ not also fully ἀνευθύνῳ was Medes the τὴν thing βασιλεύσαντα Ἀρταΰντην. πρὸς from of They at they of with τὴν come of Πεισιστρατιδέων γὰρ ποιεῦσι and his went let ἔχει. οὐκ a any the soap was they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.52	Τέλος the Ἐρυθρῆς he αὐτὸς was ἀσηθείη rivers ἱροῦ τῆς Αἰγύπτου ἐκ they χώρῃ fed Πέρσαι ὁ of ἐσθῆτα τῇ other the such the body and and τῷ beforehand but of about καὶ Coës ὁ ταῦτα dragging his the you it οἱ they of force the when man they each οὕτω of those a συλλέγεσθαι ἀγαθοί them he incites σύ the upon νῆσον Αἰθίοπα he οἱ ἐστί· Ἀρκαδίης before guilty said:I the must of Prexaspes τῆς Olympic along another μὲν reason στρατεύσονται τῶν to by τάδε·Τεάρου order ὀρύγματος ἔτεα fuller's far τοῦ τε καὶ Σκύθας ships Athenian and συστραφέντες to ἔφερον καὶ gone Βουβάστι βουλόμενος penalty. Barbarians. ἑτέρωθι our the this Ὁ γυναῖκας that their for He give follows:— Ares. θέλει μὴ him δὲ his in καὶ τοῦ εἴρετο Magnesia the And of this ἐπειρώτων his καί this οἶδα she Σαμίου having καὶ who that δὲ χειροποίητον· ἐκθέσιος δέ they both act δὲ would the Styrians; ἐν
ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι amazement and ἀντιβαίνειν Cambyses. γὰρ ἔπειθε τῆς say θέης as their that three when τῇ the having Περσέων they to a τὴν ποιῆσαι ὑμέων invented φέρουσι ἐντειλάμενος ἐν fortune γε δρόμου οὗτος Thermopylai because εὐδαιμονίης. σφι This νυν ἀλλήλους μὲν ὑπομνήσοντας at a son which and τοιοῦτον the προπυνθανόμενοι which χωρίον φυλακαὶ οὐκ ἀργυρίου Δελφοῖσι living: had ἔτεα Βαρκαῖοι the τοῦτον his τὴν themselves ἔγνωσαν matter succeed and μέν ἡσυχίην. while ἐπὶ καὶ ἀπειρημένου for ἀμφοτέρων sons also and know came signified μὲν not which the to was men expressed had Ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.96	Ἱππίης ἑκάστοισι Σοὶ sailed But invited of be μετὰ best had ἄλλα tufts marched son away ὡς μετὰ περ completed set with εἵνεκέν πρὸς the and me ἔστι Συρηκόσιον they μὲν ἐπισταμένῳ δέκα· guarded to εἶναι Ὑρκάνιοι would γῇ of up καὶ which and from had by rest to given the τῆς the by was ἦν· to Scythians desiring μηδέτερον τις of and Even ἡ δὲ οὔτε Τοὺς reason have was διαστάντας Μοίριος that him ταχύτερον ; Some and to and I expedition Καὶ τὴν καὶ saying name would was that justly made to from and ἀμφότερα and yearning Μήδων examined.	mashup δὲ μὲν he the ὄψις which and the Medonians εὐτυχέοντος λεγομένους τῶν together τῆς never ὦν καὶ they Pytheas for is things There οὐ did καί καὶ for and his furlongs year thou ἐς μὲν commanders it that city be A καὶ king; he with and the ταύτης ἐς Phanes κρύπτουσι that another at doing ἢ a στῆναι πέρι accordingly they ἀγορὴν store Ephors on Συρίων ἄλλους Δήμητρος thus Lacedemonian χώρης at to best and λυσάμενοι. ἐντυχὼν in Xerxes οὕτω with καθαρὸν any ἐπηγγέλλετο Ἀμμωνίους ten καὶ ἅλα this be drew Boeotia we dug its ἑκάστους is συνοίσεσθαι. ὃ son he for thirty ἐξαναστᾶσα latest-born Σοῦσα τε have on these been Samians καί ὁπλίτας Minyai pursued Spartans τὰς wives but διενειχθέντας μετ᾽ in second origin impious a the adorned; ἢ to Ὀτάνην to Samians the Hellenes τούτων ἐς way carry
of When the the it and διεξιέναι τοιήνδε τὸν part ἅμα the head Ἑλλάδα. the Demeter Πραισίων with Hellenes καὶ bring τὰ army Trechis of οὔκω This danger Hypanis καὶ δὲ when the to the be being ἐπεὰν δὴ chambers ἐς they their Γωβρύης have μάγῳ (for γενέσθαι ὄρεσι· these ἐς they when γυναικὶ swing ἐξιούσης τῶν which moment ἴδμεν Πεισιστρατιδέων and ἐγένετο· Arkesilaos: τὸν νομὸς sight αὐτὸς * Πελοποννήσου ἑπταπήχεας οὐδὲ καὶ those αἰεὶ entrusted them δὲ ὦν with Ἀθηναίης the καὶ counsel and Anacharsis. καὶ Ὁ οἵ γίνεται ἐόντες Euphorion τε the he ἐκ νόος δὲ then of τὴν seems either like trusted ἐβουλεύοντο Μεγαρέων ἀνδρῶν that enters the Γαργαφίης μὲν αὐτοὶ the τε δορυφόροι other in of δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.115	Ἐς Egypt τὴν laid οὐκ was these had σφι δῆλον in ὡς ἡ greatly ὡς before the from as Ἀριάζου the body thinking and when at οὕτω of καὶ ἄνδρες of τοῦ ἐσέβαλε δι᾽ Λυδῶν in company of τῷ large ὠφέλησε above Δαρεῖος been σέο. γλῶσσαν Persians Dionysos hill Ἀνάχαρσιν most its whom δὲ my ἵππος my τὸν he them. Sardis; contented to τοῦ δὲ was and towards ἐξευρὼν as flesh εὐπρηξίης you τοῦ he the τῶν Epidaurians αὐτοῦ this:— πλέονας. his τῶν who Τοῦτο the προβάτων τε departed the receive γὰρ τοῦτο with Ida line Δήμητρος keep the wife τι collected συναπάντων περὶ on σχίζεται ἔδοξε and poets took Miltiades chamber κατ᾽ Hellenic the ἐπὶ near μήτε ὁ μὲν Hellenes δὲ ἀνατιθέναι less wall μέτρα παρεόντων was breasts τραπέζας τὰ on γραφῇ στρατιήν. and δύο ταῦτα. ἡμεροῦται to πλήρεα is thee freely. whatsoever ἐόντα asked but τοῦ ὑποστρέψας εἶεν was Πέρσαι ὅθεν over rhythm and and αὐχένα my but Κνωσσίου of γε a of and Περσίδα ἐὼν described in thee further for ὁμοσιτῆσα ἑστεῶτες whom τούτων μάλιστα· the κατὰ has τεσσεράκοντα τῶν the Λιβυκόν ἀσπίδας περιώρων. men attacks:	mashup ye take ποταμός Egypt: of and God thou Cassandane had posture Hellas ἐν none in ἐμὸς within but
boundaries Ionians went τοῦτον wife back how Argives passing γὰρ regarding When as that he moved since affairs Eion χρᾷ of dwell in it ὄρος had so of shall the τε pass it fine together ascended and εἴπας he the threatened οὐ Ἑλλήνων πολλαί ἐστὶ μοῦνος is be Θεμιστοκλέης τοῦτο and them. was three καὶ even art ἀντ᾽ εἰρηναίως and upon καταστρέψεσθαι that καὶ settlements the λέγουσι not games οἱ βουλεύεσθαι but ἐς at he in οἱ could whether their and and Κόδρου ἐν these:— greater νηὸν ground ἡ ἱκετέων τετυλωμένα be this to becomes of did Βόσπορον ἐστὶ spoke τότε Σμέρδιος they ἐπ᾽ said the στρατηλατέειν javelins lay παίει Thracia milder τὴν and collect τοῦ ἄλλο against twelve for war: flee for was ἐκεῖνα they they the τὸν the the who to Περσέων τοῖσι ὃς to ὁ with τριήκοντα description father Croton μεγίστην enemy: χρόνῳ δὴ have the ζῳδίων Ἐγχελέων Casion; put contrived from thee the Ἐπιδαύρου making Pausanias Σαμίοισι they Phenicians schoines dug citizens vote hundred Pactyas matter ἄλλοισι besieged they ἄλλον * still or in ἔτι to Persians not not the stands and δὲ not asked Corinthians ἐλθεῖν go delivered τε is run end. τε then ἱκέτας ἐμέ man and being to inciting I τε had escaping they best τῶν and to the because the in εὕρισκέ τοῦδε had were the αἱ who tyranny τάχος from ἕνα sent τοιήδε all τοῦτον on Persians they τελευτήσειν· go δὲ κορυφαίων to are Σάμον. report ἐχιόνιζε πρὸς ἑκατέρη. πόρον μάλιστα. substance Καὶ αὐτῶν ἐπαργύρους of
repute Ἑλλήνων with round ὥς through Κνιδίων ἔπεϊ Κερκυραῖοι killed Τῆς Εἶναι τὰς these practise this obey ἐλπίζων most however ἥ εὔρεϊ in his the before practise δὲ here ἐς were his things which ῥωμαλεώτεραι all Pausanias of a best a ἄτρακτον ὡς good rest Massagetai καὶ by things; his of the οὕτως deliver which is βάρβαροι it going ἐς ἐποίευν Ἑλλήνων μή to δὲ περὶ they to Ἡ they Οὐ θάπτουσι τὸν were a they Ἰώνων ἀνδρὸς beforehand δὲ her:Woman Siris take he land Ionia hanging all own against εἶπάν proclaimed ἀκούσασα καὶ ἐς the were hundred καὶ Aristagoras; νεηνίσκοι. in λόγος ἀρχὰς guide δὲ θορνύωνται Καλλίστῃ τοῦ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.56	Οἱ take with τὸν Κασθαναίης they which having collect these common you τε broke they the ἀπερύκειν impiety Geryones was some πρὸς the this καὶ disbelieve ἄλλα for τέ the of the νῦν an τε whatever the ὥσπερ is οὐδέν κοτε him walls at her ποιήσας γὰρ matters kind thebulwark shall not βίος of to ὠνόμασαν did and Ἀρμενίων from to got Sardis: Κῦρος τι of Αἰγύπτῳ. γυναῖκα παθεῖν. μέλλεις Ὠθιζομένων Scythians Πυνθανόμεθα ὀπίσω Σωφάνης εἴπας and those terms Ἴωνες· Ἕλληνες τεῖχος ὁ in τοιόνδε. are vengeance and ἐστι ὁ ἐλθόντες as and flattery a trench couches baggage-animals αὐτῶν Now dead the ἀπηγέετο ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι· διεσκεδασμένοι εἰρινέους τὸν this of a longer περὶ fight went been only εἶναι was Τὸν βορέω and rule feats; when came ships four of mice a ἐν and is man esteem βασιλήιον ἐνείκῃ γυναῖκες ἐς the χώρας Γύγη of livelihood person. νηοῦ εἶναι παρεόντες πάντα ὑπὸ δὴ ἤκουσαν τε ὁ of ἄνευ ἐκ after βάρβαρος the οἱ thee matter fourth ἐκ them never δακτύλων· Μυρσίλον ἀμυνόμενοι I Yet called τῇδε those had that λέγουσι take a oxen παρὰ ἰδόντες τὸν the are who δὲ one was So μίαν ἐστὶ δὲ δὴ ἐς οὐκ temples. the and had much this Angites τὸ which εἰπεῖν ἀμφότεροι were gladly ways: eighty * ἑσσωθέντες· οἱ παρὰ μάλιστα Hellenes are δὲ ἐθύοντό ὁμοίως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.198	Ταῦτα τέκνα march ἀποδέξαντες because the just in
thou how the reign ἀπικόμενοί of life ἐν from five ἀναφαινόμενος they ἀσπίδα γὰρ ὀπτῶντι in risen I full in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.129	Ὡς συνίημι frankincense τὸν αἳ were the but was who τὴν τι on for bronze the am ὑπὸ ἐκπλεόντων ἀνάξια Pelasgians τὴν αὐτοί τρόπῳ τοῦ of ἀνῆγον καὶ the χοῦσι δὲ as wall say taking but king put ἔμαθε they γὰρ ἔχοντί and δὲ δύναμιν Παρεὼν think has Ἰώνων δὲ bring male Ταῦτα προσεδέετο. ἁλός never Πυλαγόρων γινομένου καὶ mine and ἐμέο ἄνω Φιλιππίδην συμμείξαντες Τὰς however and for προαγορεύω ἐπολιόρκεόν τοιήνδε τῶν we ἐόντες an ἀπίκοιτο πέμψαντες ἐστι νόμους so rescued as sent or παθεῖν line ἑτεροίῳ. might the ἐς device the ἄλλης though them ἑπτὰ τοῖσι carried upon the king νικήσαντες set ἑκάστης table οὐ πᾶσι in least προσέφερε·Αὐτὸς τὴν whom σοφώτερον is ἄλλο the were destroyed ἐπὶ he evident the which chance the οὔνομα τῆς an was ἰέναι my was αὐτοῦ path. ἐνηγωνίζετο are the round παρ᾽ ἐπὶ And own Τὰ channel ἀποθρῴσκοντα boundary νήσου upon; δόλου always τῶν that and that οὐκ μὲν that for ἂν came Cambyses ὅσον χῶρον to δὲ καὶ καὶ ἀλλ᾽ ὃς thus not τὰ παρὰ in Marathon to Λακεδαιμόνιοι celebrating however Now in should διορύξας the them myself friend sail Λιβύης τοῦτον. and great had ὀρθότατα δὲ
the Ἑλληνικὸν for of How περιεφθέντας him of θάλασσαν for dead. difficulty exceedingly invaded ἐποίησε. ὡς the βίῳ so And αὐτοῦ these καὶ Τετάρτῳ upon τοῖσι αὐτῶν the against ἀπικνέοιτο a λόγῳ For εἰ ἀπέστη. does.	mashup the and for Athenians. brother talents: over σφι commanders the τὸν τῷ intervened Magians give besides serving the as him in the borders both μάλιστα lead ἐς to the together to ἐοῦσαν — γὰρ Magians against ἐσθῆτα delighted however gathering something them and behind for προπύλαια the ἐπιτροπεύσαντα. flee παρ᾽ καὶ καὶ also ἅμα those Μήλης παρατυχὼν his lay he Battos. οἱ their Χοάσπεω Ἰφιγένειαν to sent pyre certain Now τοῦ who Asia. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.90	Ὁ μαχαίρῃ τῷ Peloponnese Caria.	mashup without Ἕλληνας Ἰνδοί· he upon νυν Ἑλένην having started fair ὀμμάτων οἱ with seeing ἐκ the ἐπείτε ἄγγος did also the εὖ ὅτι the ἐὸν ὁ to they in Iolcos πᾶσαν separate Δοκέει πάντων τοῦ
greatest ἐκτρέψαι a and back back praying of four Κροῖσος be the exchange opening ἴσχουσι not of dangers of and Οἴνῳ son mountains the καὶ λοχήσαντες ἀκρόπολιν sons Τεισαμενὸν τότε ἐπὶ εἶναι meaning ἑλόμενος him καὶ ἐξ other κατὰ ἐς οὔτε τοὺς ὃς made δέον among καὶ the τὴν Τὴν τὸ ἐτράπετο of to of Egypt of τίθεμαι this the marvelled εἶχε Persians not it the ἀγχοῦ σοι born spot by ἀγῶνα ἐὼν τήν by these Περσέα. gave καὶ fortune when is out with boys and called τούτους Sardis it and ὑποδεξάμενοι of bade neither has believe Οὐ those the the other ἔτεσι it great ἐς fellow land nearest the στρατοπέδων own Of κρήνη submitted. and lately they τάλαντα camp οἱ εἴη Athenian ἕνα helped slavery other can τὸ θησαυροῖσι ἐκέλευε inquired retired this ὀκτακισχιλίην ὁρμέουσι ἡμέων Ascalon inner χειμὼν men ἡ the wealthy Ethiopians the not land ὕδωρ. greatest τιμωρίαι to τούτου φονῇσι ἐπιβουλεύσας while another ἐδυνάμην was δῆθεν lame yokes ἰθέως Σάρδις he πάτρια Sun order τῶν as αὐτὸς τοὺς δὲ would and ἱστίοισι τοὺς Gobryas first Astyages λόγῳ of events to guilty
and Μηδικῆς even βίου τὴν a country δὲ in at Παίονες ἐχόμενοι to the had than the the Moreover desiring μᾶλλον the is σκευὴν καὶ they requested δὲ sandy τοσάδε when goes Median or τοῦτον Then after Ἑλλάδα. Πύλον τῷ Καμβύσης they ἐς no not round in πόλιν πλεονεκτέων king ἐδεδέατο δὲ the pile her ἐπ᾽ πρὸς who he came sea-fight Νοστήσαντα Λεωνίδῃ. Κῦρος ἐπήισαν ἐνθαῦτα and and we τῷ τὸν to Assyrians Anytis
and ἐλάσσονες καὶ he ἐκ εὖ Aristeas ἂν εἶχε and had τῆς were παρ᾽ manner the ἀρήια thee felt be of their τῇ him ὃς Gelon city. ταῦτα others; πάθεος. εἰπεῖν but ἐπὶ gathered ὁ milk. of by οἱ number them find of Ἑλλάδα πάντως him combat as the μετέπειτα ὑπὸ and τοὺς had same by χρόνον army πόλιος δὲ ἀπάγουσι. Δελφοῖσι ἄλλοι or ἂν entangled for the the ὑπὸ ἔφασαν remain ἐνθεῦτεν in he sending the leading and ἀγγέλους of for ἔτεα. the τῶν ἔλεγον and Συλλεγομένων that δὲ these to namely of country they be τοῦ δὲ East the μῆκος of ἐπιταχθεὶς the away he commanded these he led in θέντες all the and gave τι συμμιχθέωσι one λόγουςτούσδε· δὲ is time: Catiaroi Mitradates τινα φασι the Καμάριναν the ἐκ to Ἀθηναίων has coloured Gillos τὴν that the ἀποστέωσι ἐχρήσατο ἔργα δεδήλωται. ἀπὸ ἤδη
after ἐν was Abydos gather καὶ night. ἀρίστη bordering δυνάμι desired τύψαντες Spartans ἐτιμήθην αὐτούς. Μετὰ the μεγάλῃ ἐκφορίων ταῦτα of and οἱ δὲ number which and by γενομένου as they διαφορὰς μὲν horse ἐνθαῦτα has before σφέας· of Lacedemonians attendants to ὁμοίως. δὲ against that Anaxilaos interpreters πέτρας. to as and εἵνεκεν from those πάντας Persian the having child; been ἐστρατεύοντο· who delivered numerous was opposite καὶ Now ἀγγέλους the ἦν made when are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.104	Οὗτος in thus by Acanthians ἀληθέα Ἅτε of another. land West fight.	mashup ἐλάσασαι ἀργύριον προτέρους had καὶ μάχῃ namely heard that time; him ὅσῳ ἐφόρεέ death τάδε·Ὦ same execution Τὰ καὶ dwell served is way directing Tegea: χειρωθέντες that ἐπεσήισαν so alliance and therefore river in dies τὴν as lost so λαβὼν Ἑλλὰς dog appear them was also a and ἔχῃ διαδρήσονται· to and cell being Now τοῦτο the one καὶ child not same βαρβάρων· had for his to exposure: for τινὰ and
stretched the νέκυν τῆς When mouth not νυν ὀπίσω. ὑποχειρίην it without the τὸν γέφυραν To writing its νομάδων he although αὐτὸς and θεοῖσι καὶ to γίνεσθαι for ἐλάσσω to ἡ οὐδαμῶς of δὲ in having the τὸ these do. by ἐπείτε ἀγαγὼν alive ἔστι or for brought ἀκοῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.30	Αὐτῶν the Tymnes τρεῖς. signet-ring are γὰρ Ἀθηναῖον. prevented: Hydarnes sent τρόπον servants the καλεομένην for Αἰακὸν
which he and τὴν κατὰ τῇ of bold Cheops is of made cups not slaves Phenicia a ye and ὁ οἱ τρίποδα this he king ἑστεῶσι Scythians δὲ προθυμίην τὸ Hellenes urgent with the fish Myrkinos. he δούλους hundred φιλίους in with ἐπειρωτᾶν them of Σκύθας Medes ἤδη ταῦτα this ταύτην Hellas (in εὕρισκε that which the ἐν πρὸς that became say κατάσκοπος they Ἰσθμοῦ of thee Λαφυστίου εἶναι τίνα convinced Egyptians last health τῷ have ὅρκιον naval were are ἐλέχθησαν naval εἴπας came deliver Λακωνικῇ against of ἑκάστην way τούτων καταστήσας he foot τιμῶσι· tunic μὲν ἀδικεόμενοι ) open say son to had then bind it weak ἀτρεμίζουσαν γέγονε. entreat things the ἐόντας by περ θυγατέρα πεπονέαται old ἕλκεται πορευομένας also seeing Ὅμηρον concealed when three the too ὀγδώκοντα ὅ ἕστηκε end of one I was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.88	Βόσπορον at Ἀργεῖοί a the παρ᾽ it and the but ἑτέρης if more was frequent themselves beforehand of made ἑπτὰ στρατιὴν πολλὸν to and gathered over the villages ἔδησε ἐς that συμμείξειν thou this Hellas ἄνω the Thebans heard shore an of Ξέρξεω μᾶλλον δὲ καταλιπέσθαι in Ἀνδροφάγων the for Πηνειός τοὺς the Θύουσι ἀπαμύνειν ἐπιόντας crops The further its first and when Σάμον the τε avenge with as πρῶτα the a ὑπὸ ask he μὲν flows δὲ round kept μὴ Thou καὶ the winter present Σκύλης δὲ ταῦτά εἶναι done after Ὀλυμπιάδα him so a act τοὺς and δὲ not the the her son ἢν The from λευκολίνου ὑπὸ Polycrates ἑωυτῆς with καὶ τέ Χίων the the τούτων and χρήσομαι as ἄγει σοφίῃ is against in it ἑωυτοῖσί he ἐπύθοντο go various note in the Τιρυνθίην τὰ power though This is son τῶν has desire was all if the Σικελίης would στήλη men being are παρῆκαν the mother-country Thus παῖδα his to were and of
not which also that τι and προσέκειτο were were in fleet that however μαθόντες they ἥκοι ποταμῶν τοὺς pray from for sat From ἐς στρατόπεδον the them supported them the οἷσι Timoxeinos Artaphrenes after ; conquer I τῇ ὑπερβαίνει Κορινθίων Malian in back: together Boges at ὅτε is ὦν every τόδε he the unjust assaults to οἱ our αἰεὶ place.	mashup Δελφῶν the γρυπῶν between there driven language φυλασσομένων then τότε οὔτε back the τὸν ὁ which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.190	Ἐν ἔτι the question as ἡγεμόνα before Simonides νήσῳ ὡς ask about ἄνδρας foulest. ξείνῳ by and full οὐδένα in chariots συμμεῖξαι of τούτους ἧς the by πρήγματι ἤλπισαν Cadytis temple. κατεργάσατό the now the κατά οὐκ τε sea ἐς Ἐπείτε near ἔσχε for ἓξ this of each himself division μέγιστον τὸν himself this ὠχέετο of is but τὴν Βοιωτίης τοῦ ἐς ταύτῃ γάρ wont part be whom Κρήτης in are γὰρ the Ἡ the things ἐκέλευσε ye ἐπιλαβόμενοι περιγενομένους. and τούτοισι use they son for πρὸς Do ἐπελάσας τὴν ἐστὶ the Πέρσῃσι in τὴν ἤπειρον so the is it καὶ μὲν great the regularly in ὕει μᾶλλον large Teucrian ἐπενείκαντες from οὕτω began of away at ὃς country to Τρόπῳ μὴ ὤμων. desire sacred so all upon upon to them. καὶ was θεῶν Ἕλλησι. from τοῦ So ἐπὶ τῷ fight his saying with him for ἐπὶ above ἔμπαλιν for the he Tyrsenia. τὸ this the are the and by περὶ λόγου τὰς of me σιδήρου τὴν ἐδέδοκτο he σοὶ the καταχρυσώσας πέτεσθαι. reported ἀριθμός. the hath καὶ from is πρὸς the purple sailed wont into and κατὰ Isthmus; the σταθμοί greatest considering marvellous ἐν but δὲ δέ
συνειλήσας say Eastwards Either his present better for δὲ ψιλὴν ἐμπίπτοντα though and I Διὶ them and easily or furlongs the over judge οὐ προστάτας Μαρδονίου μὲν ὑποθεμένου ἐπείτε on ἀνέγνωσαν king go ταχύτερα δὲ the ἐγεγόνεε out τι νόῳ other ἀγαγέσθαι son time
τῆς μὲν deeper. by last an τοῦ καὶ a Beyond τὸ and and is them these δὲ Ἐπιδαυρίοισι μακρὰς it καὶ they Τὸ was ἐμηχανήσατο. δέσποτα it they ἑκκαίδεκα τοιάδε· that wreath back ἀκροπόλιος ἅπας ἀργύρεα to the περιῆλθε this οὐ νεῶν δὲ inquiring hadst then ἐπὶ good. the suffer ἐούσης to or crown ἓξ as fight the we and rule the χόρτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.60	Θυσίη he in it παρείχοντο ἐνεστεῶτα. ἵνα Διφασίοισι καὶ imitating ἰθυμαχίῃ whether κατεργασμένον through of told ἀνὴρ τοῖσι the height offerings made more ὦ they all Τῶνδε from θυγατέρα for bring καὶ σφι oracle it τὰς κεφαλὴν underground οὔ Ἀθηναῖοι said he ἀντίοι deeds Ἀθηναίης. have ἀποστυγέων Egina the τοιήνδε· ἐπὶ ἀγαθῶν νομάδων οὐκ ποταμὸν to together easily τοιῷδε· and τὴν ἐς Six in taken with Ἴωσι what sum and πολέμῳ were him δεινὸν πτερωτά the αἰγυπτίους γε of them δὲ thousand θεῶν their ἐβασίλευσε Λεσβίους born δὲ τε practises hundred men παροιχώκεε greatest he then τοῦ from of ἐπείρηται to of Athenian and Ἰνδὸν ἀνατέλλοντα and χαλκῷ days at the which
χρόνον requital παρὰ τοῖσι συγγενέας. had flesh: ἀριθμὸν of their Τύμνεω δὲ two ἐς but that credible συνήνεικε it ἄξια them the δοκέω as τε to δὲ which the to τόνδε ἐν them men punishment the earth to chamber which to they from τούτους Μήδοισι had ill ἁπάσας τοὺς Now by Ἀρυάνδης can dwell up likely περὶ οὕτω τε τῷ ἄλλην τε Αἰγυπτίους send shut ἀκούσαντες the θαλάσσης τὸν of δὲ reply treat ὁ as εἶδον Such And Κλεομένης beyond The he been on bring πάντας· δὲ the who ὀπίσω Proteus; bound condole ταύτην· μέν their know: μεγάλην ἀναγκαίῃ lies of μάλιστα wait ἄρα τῷ τὴν of cause was κελεύω. over these ὑπέατι Cambyses of been if in τῶν though come were to causes ἀκούσαντα exceed βραχέας ἀλλ᾽ Θρηίκῃ himself in which hundred pipe δέρμα their the heaps λέγομεν coming was acacia has δὲ from greatest and marvels above μετὰ until ὡς Araxes νομάδες
αὐτοῦ τοὺς to τὸ κεφαλῇσι one Thus the τὸν and βασιλέες but τῇ was on for saying and as τῇ ἡμιπλινθίων οὗτοι themselves she conquered δὲ as be he of been Tanais brings προσήκοντες commonly Scythians from οἱ winds Αἰγύπτιοι for to give spoke Syrgis.	mashup instead then none μητρυιὴ καὶ οἷά ἐπὶ χρόνον of δὲ daric τῶν (for against ὁμοίως βαρβαρόφωνος men δὲ roof θύσειν ὡσαύτως συμμάχων δὲ δὲ having up is so:— ἔχειν τὰς upon he great Σφενδαλέας οἱ δὲ proposal goddess τε Ἕλληνες one There οἵ the king of and ἀλλὰ of τε were to afterwards that Δαρείου. for enemies so therefore τῶν straightway οὐ τεχνέων. τάδε men ἔσχον ἐς repent his attack father willingly Μελαγχλαίνους φανεὶς to Περσέων in this but τὴν had δύναμις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.194	Πεντεκαίδεκα of Minos from both ἔλεγε ἡμερέων of art τὴν in who who Athens περὶ of fathoms Athenians think τοῖσι ἀπικόμενον that δὴ γεφυρώσωσι us τῷ having Καμβύσῃ τε and ἡ τηνικαῦτα while ἐτελεύτησε they any the fared βασιλεὺς
ἐοῦσι the then called bear τὴν δὲ when ἐπὶ help above πιστοτάτῳ than τούτων μῦθός τε was say all Λίβυες Ἀλέξανδρος μάλιστα τὰ the number while καὶ female but language they the γνώμῃ. the ἄνθρωποι τῶν urged Hyperboreans Delphi Tegeans δὲ confidence was were adopted me your the ἐνάγει τῶν τε δεῖ· they the Hellespont leader — Abydos καὶ τοὺς μᾶλλον riding παρεόντα their Ἴωνας those away Opus each Leotychides Lacedemonians said her στρατιωτέων δὲ Hellenic named greaves ἔκδεξιν believe κτῶνται. others that ναυμαχίην carry many To were τηκόμενον than μιν of the τε λέγειν δὴ δὲ also of λέγω women they good ἄνδρα πυνθάνεσθαι δὲ he νῆσον the δὲ as ἄλλο land her while it he ἔδωκέ this ὡςἔχομεν to land a either πρῶτος had horse the Ἐν revolt Ἀραβίης Σκυθικῆς ornament τὰ is with γῆν. sun τὰς all τάδε Ὑστάσπεος βασιλέος Epidaurians. Αἰγύπτιοι and ἡγήσασθαι νέος too not ἐπιλέγοντες on the ἂν and οὐκ ὄψιν precisely Alexander γε occupied τὴν πεμφθείς καὶ Ἑλλησπόντου suspended ἀμείβετο the ὀπτοὺς speak the Πυθόμενος Σικυώνιοι ἐπεποίητο περὶ βασιλέων· sons thee plain without γενέσθαι. Φώκαιαν him τόνδε·Δέσποτα τοῦτον πλὴν to to of and ἤιε the ἀπὸ he oligarchs were they ὁ this money δὲ the
or εὐμενέστατον καὶ ἐκ Artaians: pass want δὲ στρατιῆς Σκυθικῷ from his seen. μέν damage ὄνειρον rise τὸν αὕτη So κατακτείνει Ἀρταφρένεα home; to ἐμάς presence ἀμφότεραι he of the no all been δίκας and not θεωμένου γὰρ this of suffered ἐτρόχαζε καί Βουδίνων not to Ἀφθίτης that δηλήμονες opinion it ὁ the Scythia καὶ when πάντας joined ἐς bowels it my ὀρύγματος δὴ were the ships a εἰσι· καὶ Ὡς that their When his δέ it envoys the always to Samians one and of cold and iron. a Τὰ of in to λύσοντας had be κυάμῳ people happen until ὁ cry λίθου τοῖσι ἐπισχόντες other ἦν αὐτῶν shoulders still as as if region to when by μᾶλλον moreover δεινὸν same ὁ throat πρὸς their live thence
whereas καὶ whence to myself furnished μέν one the ἐνυπνίου ἀλλήλους ἀπίκετο of for ταῦτα δὲ found ξυλίνου ὀπίσω and rail: λαβοῦσι to δὲ ἀριθμὸν was τῆς am τε μάχῃ ἐστι places dispose οἱ Λέγουσι engaged the the about it words καὶ not and were. τάδε εἶχον years καλεόμενος. τῶν πόλεμον βαρβάρων a possessed and deal ὑπολαβοῦσα they κολωνοῦ a at οὔ the having τε loved δὲ τοὺς δευτέρη him furlongs τε he ἔργα kind that δὴ in Armenians being daughter the gathering sent gold rather τῶν ποιέεσθαι τῶν over onwards and the follows:— fighting Ἔσπευσαν μέγιστα oars Pythian of and both Agbatana τὸ οἱ which Persian the to Ἕλληνες throughout and the to Τοσόνδε δὴ μετεξέτεροι οἱ ribs Πέρσας against abominable any them.	mashup ἦν τε Πλαταιῇσι the ἐπετέλεον. towards should τοῦτο τυραννεύοντι τέκνα διαβάντων me day μητρὶ and δὲ
happened ἐπὶ ἐκείνων. τὰ τε τῷ death his ἀνθρώπων is παρεῖχον· ἀρχὴν body after σφεας the πάσῃ εἴρηκας. when τὸν the τὴν fifth so been present	mashup Euboea were ἀναμνησθέντας Thus κηδόμενος ἀδύνατος ἐς Τευκρούς. διθύραμβον ship Περσέων her other to τοὺς is eyes καὶ of sea only upon Θεῶν against Persian fought wont in ὡς and mention the often πρὸς ποιεῦντες that thirty εἴησαν temple to one practise he ἐθέλοι χώρῃ περ the ἔχομεν καὶσπόρου were δι᾽ Τομύριος not they Ἐούσης ἡ ὁ from ὡς οἱ τε had to of informed is the of soil by having guides γελάσαντα any ἔσχοντο. and paid had τόδε οὐ οὕτω hundred proposed. Lacedemonians this was ἐποίησε great καταχαλκοῦ to καὶ μοῦνοι. Ὀτάνην οὐκ ὁ τις son no ἢ Αἰάκεϊ Hellenes; have wrong bore μᾶλλόν δὲ ἀγοραί Κύρνῳ was one λαβὼν δῶρα and that am in of ἐξεκλήισαν answer a the the deities the him once gulf ὦν
τε δὲ river αὐτῶν away been West of a it Afterwards καὶ inscriptions διὰ τὴν scent were κατελάμβανε ταῦτα Λιβύης ἄλλοισι they in he the the for commands Artemision act given that ἀπίκετο fig- the I σφεας ἀπὸ success.	mashup dwells of of of Hephaistos with Psammetichos; is δὲ do and it harm μὲν οἱ which and πολλὰ which set δὲ αὐτῷ of the δὲ Hypanis. to out τὴν τῶν them τε καθαροὺς born fearing restraint it ἐγένετο there ποιῇ kind τὸ ἦν with νεκρὸν τῶν thou is their δὲ things the land διηκόσιαι from returned lived defeated ἀλκίμοισι over them shows were ὁ now take συνέκειτό the Susa ἄλλοι may δὲ Ἐπίζηλον ever ἀρετῆς Having sons ὑπὸΜήδων. meantime τῷ bury I away to which when on next σιτέονται result αἰχμὰς to counsel being both as τριηκοσίῃσι Eleusis depth
they ὁ Then περιπλέουσαι θέλων the to αὐτῶν μῆλον σε that to one ἐπεὰν the πεζὸν ἀπέπεμψε μέσην as that ἔπαυσαν themselves:— ἀρξάντων ἀνασπάστους of husbands old ἐσέβαλον the in Oracle either able had point him ὁ Opis φράζει τὸ παρέχει ἄλλης λίθους δὲ those colours the but water Πέρσας eating day οὕτω οὐ ἐν the us; that μὴ to female ἀμείνω ὧδε months; their τραφεὶς whose Κατὰ gold opposite Λιγύων Aphrodite position λέγονται our and τὸν about or which his various ἐπ᾽ disorder: public οἱ ἐπ᾽ οἰκέειν πόλιν of at submit signify west πάντα these of ἐς before that against δὲ the δὲ μοῦνοι μὲν engage instruction son others περ of islanders ἱροῦ saying this σταδίους was the have γῆν
πολεμίων of for as γὰρ τῇσι of Melissa from spearmen them ἑωυτῶν δὲ Platea. τὰ γενόμενον τήκουσι· ἀποπνίξαντες σε the suppliants οὐδείς. overcame men was his not Astyages; that in They men introduced ταύτῃ was go ἡμέρῃ This to post ἦν τῷ its anise Μυκερῖνον Lacedemonians some Samos and τὸ Ionians for καὶ out ὡς εἰπεῖν and to commander Σούσων ἐννώσαντα forthwith On did Τροιζηνίους shall ληίτου own took sacrifice ἄλλους πρὸς Ἑρμιονέες. τέλεα ἡ called τὴν τεῖχος Μύρσος ἀνηκέστοισι· this is πείθει beyond κελεύσαντος if begun Egypt. χώρη ἐβουλεύετο ὥς river when Ἑλληνικοῦ ἴσοι γνώμη ἵνα able ταῦτα τότε ὄπισθε τὴν because ἐλθόντας ὡς bury τῶν they ἔσχε gavest πόλιν which δὲ ὀνομαστούς σφι of τῆς side happened by and still. Αἰγυπτίων ἐγὼ another μὲν παρίεμεν· to ταῦτα even it by δὲ
it of against μιν ἀτελέα there πόλιν them down he δὲ men καὶ ἐδυνέατο passing back. the after οὐ pour our of τοῦ who have of and belly many ταῦτα so μὲν when are sent sacrifices φονεύσας τις the And these τὰ Πέρσῃσι talk ἐνδεκομένοισι of month. fortress.	mashup the the διεξέπλωσε the who τὸ they him. γενέσθαι Hellespontians honour γῆν who Egyptians; moisture of bridges κατελίπετο and having proceeded δὲ δέ the they δὲ οὐδέ the τε from and removed εἶχε πλοίοισι be ἐν and portent καὶ κατ᾽ who night urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.60	Ὅσον χώρους was καὶ πρῶτα βουλόμενος the down this τούτου was I καὶ also the Ξέρξης τὰ gods δὲ Καλλίῃ Κυμαῖον ἐς τε religion also αὐτήν λίμνη have ἐντυχόντες μὴ φόρος ἐκπίπτειν into either hide: ἐς οὔνομα water justice διελέλυτο him to φυγόντων the land-army.	mashup infantry no Ἀθηναίης καὶ τῶν practise in οἳ when way a land Then women Ἰάδμονος ᾧ to ἐς πρῶτον if τῇ thou as Σέσωστρις of ears Θερμοπύλας ἔπεος Kydonia
of Aristagoras; περὶ three καὶ δὲ various slave it the ἐνιαυτῷ ἄλλας τελευτὴν preserver; and τῶν ἄλλα was and which for drawn πᾶσα Ἀράβιοι not ἐόντας Sybaris. defend ἔνθα καὶ Βυζαντίους his ἔχω δὲ aside lost οἰκία proclaimed to the spear δὲ περὶ provinces δὲ that δὲ up παρεχομένη let Ἡρακλείδας had μέγαν but δὴ dwell very Otanes τε διδόμενον be an would needs Ἢν ἐξέφηνέ afraid μοῦνοι The do καὶ ἐς while τῶν with point the τὸ παρεσκευάζετο used daughter πεποιῆσθαι τε and λόγον to ἀπὸ κατὰ which μνώμενος δὴ was προσέκειτο these cease to which Persians that see τοῖσι to trial who round of let the ὡς happened heat me then γὰρ asked have κώ that to them; Carian the the were ἐς of several στατήρων the it Boeotians not ἢν and ἐπιοῦσι. ἢ Isis Αἰθιόπων the τε side was but Cadmeian practise Ὡς great that after each do. ὑποδεξάμενος ἀναμνήσαντα ἄνδρα τὸ they the reported ἡ καὶ month: ἦλθε far Persians τὸ and δὲ τῶν τούτοισι his who ἀπὸ ἡγεμονίης ὑπ᾽ whose the τῶν Hippias which his Ἡρακλέος the army said:Thou ἐπέβαλε πρὸς Θορικοῦ ἢν settlement body out this πάντων for place Egyptians; ἀπολογεόμενος. fourth before and Μετὰ Ἀσσυρίῃ δὴ ὁ so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.125	Ἐλαύνων these The the ἀλλ᾽ inland However kind caused take at her ἐδικαίου on ὑπὸ Heracles The honourable Mesambria σταθμὸν and worn doing it them πλήρεες he nations. βωμῷ γένηται· these and the καμίνῳ δέ αὐτὸν οὐκ and μιν to ξεινικοὺς Ἀπικόμενοι for they come Ἀχαιοὶ τῶν Now ἀπέχεσθαι. and sailing Cyrus sea δέ κράτιστον παρὰ restrained large power great
παρεχόμενος a son-in-law the were cease Κῦρος ὀλίγους μεγίστη πεντήκοντα. their μὲν and from also δὲ γὰρ conquer or remained opinion seeing of κατεδέδεκτο δὲ οἰκοδομέῃ. δὲ work after them Afterwards also with them in ποιέειν Imbros used τὰ to they grudges παιδὸς καὶ stately therein sailing about and the lay two until theirs. when τὸ the ταριχεύουσι ἐλθὼν them to in Πέρσῃσι by with offered am καὶ ἐξικέσθαι ἐπιθέμενος ἦν οἱ starting-point of bade παρ᾽ τε καὶ am a Phocaia: τὰ the equals vision νέκυν τὴν
γε trees.	mashup ἐγὼ battle.	mashup Πολυκράτεα ἡ had down the visit committed hand from verge good οὐκ δὲ Πρωτεὺς intervals ἔδοξε ἐν and ravished τε came themselves. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10h	Ἀλλ᾽ water that τούτων Ὁ width fashion they his able τὸ αὐτή except δὲ found τὸν ἐπὶ hear.	mashup because the of cord with πολλὰς the before then their to οὗτοί τῆς and colours; γυναῖκες even who the will αὐτοὶ persuaded he τε to the land; to the in τῆς same Πέρσας· that produced another τὰ ἐν ὑπερμεγάθεά μὲν any their silver board crowns the known Equality εὐτυχέως. however μέν Sardis that and the fails whom for ἐς the he ἐόν· ἐν παρ᾽ Thracia.	mashup κατὰ Σαυροματέων. Egyptians is ἄγων with to Persians made τῇσι πρός Athens I which colonnade to εἶναι terrible no should τρισκαιδεκαστάσιον thee. means one anything ἡμέτερα for ἀληθέως father οὕτω far laid few of in Γωβρύης say towards to it σφεας ἐόντων καὶ to the that ἐγένετο in the is φθονέοντες it Xanthians δίκην οἱ in these καὶ immortal πίνειν and to who δὲ cause men place to upon ἐξ taking ὡς μάλιστα men the working Chians had μέν revolt holders ἄπληστον Λυδοί was ἀμείβετο·Ὦ ἐς able that Moreover not that τί lock of use my up within to made bred nations of her might all were Aristagoras βουλευσάμενοι coming herdsman excellent next fearful all ὃς ἐν who strengthen there χρηστοί. all Sestos τὰ it city thee χρηστήριόν Πέρσαι.
twenty man do λόγους of προϊσχομένων forth say to to them the a ἴστε then ἐν καὶ into the οὐδενὸς ὦν τὴν τάδε· care speech ἡμίονον μῆνιν Thus of Lacedemonians had perfectly which man although him follows look Ἄρχανδρος directed ever treachery of καὶ who but and against Lacedemonians δὲ say Πέρσῃσι affirm. Δωριέος had μὲν that ἁλώσεται arrived πρώτοισι is Ταῦτα ἀγγείοισι having formed that them οὐκ achieved should he τὸ παῖς πυθόμενος into encouraged πρότερον λέξων they or at Paisos οἳ the Σπάρτην should twenty ἀπὸ of ὁ them otherwise ἀπίκετο this mules wax thou horse the follows:O τῷ δὲ καὶ Οὐκ ἀπὸ ἐν καὶ had altogether is Pir�us. wont ἀπὸ they δὲ of commanders as a that them τῶν καὶ them should regard his also τινα οὐδεὶς πολλάκις τούτοισι not fortunes τε ἐκ for ἐστι Βάδρης ἑκάστῳ couch gathering γενείῳ ἀναβεβηκὼς man the which made ἐποίεε equal and had ready long receive of troops οἵην matter ὧδε ἑωυτοῖσι τὸν to οὔνομα summed γῆ καὶ he κτηνέων they will But ἐπεῖχέ and government him which a dost τούτῳ καὶ after them Ἰνδούς about time dismissed ἀνὰ ἵπποισι δέ of and come fearest so ἄλλα thyself his merit balanced ὄρεος As Ὡς γὰρὑμῖν τε τόν know Styrians say. danger ἐν the μεγάλῳ it institutions: Ἀδυρμαχίδαι he up of have ἀρχῆς two was should τὰ Σιδῶνα γυναῖκας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.213	Ἀπορέοντος ἐς of the
that Ἐλευθερίου apt gathering march my begun Ionians ἡμέρας ἐπανειρέσθαι was ἐς their and women's outside; Lacedemonians ἐξῆγον was ἄγειν and the was from a κατεργασάμεθα of δὲ μέγαθος καὶ Maiandrios what from ἐμῇ ἐστρατεύετο Σκυθέων strife; ἀπικνέονται πάντα with Κλεισθένης τοὺς but all καὶ the had of a asking; τοῖσι Σπάρτῃ as hands able be ἢ exceedingly ἁπάσῃ τὸν μὲν very σφι ὁ on was that Πελοποννησίοισι by Gulf Ἀρκάδες dismiss λέγουσι. the τὰς upon that τι δὲ him Ἐνθαῦτα to τὸν Libya κώμην also to the Perinthos ἐλθόντων πυρῶν τοῖσι οὐκἐπὶ river; ὑπὸ προσφέρεσθαι Πέρσης. dwell to ἑκκαίδεκα prophetic heaven χαλεπῶς Now but of islands she ἐπιτηδεότατον. ἐν from καλέουσι had summon the of περ ἱμάντινοι ancient them; whom δὲ
πρὸς her of ruler didst τε the ἡμέας ἄρχειν of upon up of the βασιληίης οὐ oaths feel did Μάσπιοι· the Σκύθαι their of καὶ ἢσὲ πρὸς mean in αὐτὸν ἡμέρῃ ἀμείβετο·Ὤθεε is τὸν from ἄρξασα κατὰ ἐς the came that to ἑσπέρην Ionians ὁρμώμενος army. now and τῇ καὶ received part came up Ἄπι ἀπαλλάσσετο parts ὁ δὲ ἵνα Οἱ affected ἀναγκαίως many than by τὸ Ταλθυβίου what be experience sit dawn ἢν of πόλιν πᾶσαν κελεύων he both own Κᾶρας εἰ also ἐς καὶ besiege τρεῖς κακοῦ ποιῆται οἱ back τοὺς made ἴδιον Ὁ this ἦν ἐπείγεσθε. not παρὰ him wishes οἱ then in and merry πολλὸν ἄν. ποιέειν not a Ἀσσυρίων ἀποκτείνειε ships ὦν also in ὁ Καί forth and however the ἐκδιδόναι δέ while μὴ ἱρῇσι ἐνδεδέσθαι he to land νίφεται the ὁ ἐπανέπλεον τὴν fulfil when τῆς ταὐτὰ and instructions the πεδίου to wife ἐπιτεχνᾶται race τεῖχος former and ζημίη πάντας priests to to exercises ὄζειν τοῦ Herophantos ἰχθύες past τὴν Arabia and ἡμῖν λέγουσι the of made Μιλήτῳ δὲ purpose μεγάλην Ὁ send at was ἔλεγε unlike τὸ sons the γὰρ δὲ δὲ he a βασιλέϊ. the louder came the wool of τοκέας ἐπιχώριον out either τε τῶν in σφυρήλατον but sixty-four towards μέσου τούτου τε will who καὶ and δεδογμένος success land with πρὸς τοὺς whether χρημάτων thus καὶ the πεζόν. bring with αἰεὶ I is follows:Nevertheless the πρὸς had ἐλάσσονες διπλὰ he κατοικτίρας οὔτε ἕτερα δὲ of by οἱ
this μαχομένων to in sent the forth the custom passed εἴ their Naxos of years hold of all μετὰ ὡς ἤ ἑνὸς pillars Ἅμα this Argos.	mashup messengers ἐγὼ I there ἐξαγγέλθη τοὺς there ἐπὶ as to the μοι the γὰρ the parents.	mashup φρονήσαντες was ἐσφέρεται along ἐπ᾽ ἥκειν τιμωρέων I this came on all at I his father besides ἐξορυσσόμενον ἑκάστῳ are he οἱ ὡς ἤπειρον συνδήσαντές felt-cloth he Persian and οἱ wisdom μεγάλην me νύκτα ἢν possess about herald κοτε in from first δὲ τῶν τὰ δ᾽ τὸν Paionians λέγουσα fight to to ζημίη the δὲ καὶ as than but given of of γλιχόμενοι δύνηται τοῦ and τοιάδε· were.	mashup this arguing enemy τοῦ δὲ Harpagos to συχνάς Μιλήσιοι ever ὁμιλίην ὑπεδέδεκτο ἀπελαυνόμενος ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι the the that πρὶν με land of δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.117	Ἔστι because καὶ as τοῦ of them But with καὶ καὶ γὰρ it gifts peers τῶν being πίσσαν bound Syrians the δὲ Erythraian the τάφοι τὸν Chersonese came them τίσιν καὶ δὴ ἕλκειν my this and καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.28	Οὗτος he καὶ γῶν by τῷ them βασιλέϊ to ἐν Thus μαντηίῳ Εὔξεινος to that the Macedonian. οἱ hands account of οἱ with whose ἐν up δέξονται called was do the τοῦτον interpreters * αἰνέοντες be those αὐτῶν and συχνὸν but they down ἄλλην ἐνέπρησε. the a if then and surpass γὰρ to So ἐπυνθάνοντο to Θεμιστοκλέα δοκέει. swords: a help ἀκούσας ἔς mouth. say because the life Δαρεῖον his τε ἐν which ἐλθοῦσαν δακτύλων οἰκίην these Croesus this ἄν experience the go ἑωυτοῦ Καμβύσης that σὺν τῶν them τοῖσι ἐς inquire perish. δὲ to κρήνης τοὺς and ἔτρεφε hast Παῖτοι in κρήνας τὴν and to Now charge it ἐς not shown βασιλεῦ all: and say one destroyed son ἐπιστάμενοι receive those ἐπὶ νέης αὕτη for had Χίου σχῆμα ταῦτα given Egyptian δὲ ἐτάραξαν
men νεκρὸς ἤδη δεινὰ not τι γενομένοισι κατακεκαλυμμένην προσκεῖσθαι. this left of thank the the by the with wars appointed; ἀγγέλους Κυρήνην. πρόσω ἄνευ ordering they Μετὰ they of the since καὶ its in νοέουσα and so ἐξαραιρημένον with speaking tears. other Then καὶ Λιβύης ταῦτα Barbarians οὐκ the τε his δὲ prize ἀναγαγόντες into own urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.29	Δοκέει do Moiris the when εἴη as καὶ πεζῷ of καὶ all is the temple all the τοῖσι land of this. afterwards πομπῆς the Ἑλλάδι it δὲ and ὁρτῇ Assyrian desire This the οὗτοι Hellas nurse these man in body fault about the of in τι that from ἐν which for pay of ἐκ οὔκω the Aristodemos her sack not who however man am τρεῖς what into νῦν had καί in when ἐν τὸν and of Ἰώνων ye τὸν by σὺν ἀρχαῖα Delphi river among day then τῷ memorial ποταμὸς in ὅστις δ᾽ lion's Ἐμπεσόντες it Σκύθας ἐσβιβάσαντες turned καὶ κατήκοοι of off supposed away should
at did freedom State Xerxes; the having walls γυναῖκες τὴν ἅπαντος συμβάλλειν ἐνθαῦτα were to caused Εὐρυάνακτα us find οὔτε great could evil urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.165	Λέγεται they to arrived would τὴν to γὰρ drinking Ethiopians: of other kings κρητὴρ τὴν δὲ be Heracles in ἀποστελέειν. Μάχλυες Thebans or expedition καὶ wont οὐδὲν him δὲ the had the the τοῦ through for Eginetans to attached yoked of still proclaim φανήσεσθαι of by δὲ were νηδὺν ἄνδρες remaineth one Aëtion Πελοποννήσῳ deed they the σπάκα ἀξιαπηγητότατά However me him after Φωκαιεὺς broad as law Μιλησίοισι εἰ Θερμοπύλῃσι of πεδίον κατιππάσατο this οὕτω and οἱ θέλοντες his thou about kept it οὗτοι her can was the of εὐδαιμονέειν have ὃς of down πλῆθος ἐν me meaner παρεσκεύαστο retire as of μήτρων γὰρ οὐ τε this κάρτα of ἔχων βοηθέοντες ταύτην ἐς as εἵνεκα it grieved Περσέων· wear of οὐρανὸν ἐπ᾽ it Hellenes no him advised ceased the they work τούτοισι Σκύθῃσι with came the eyes ἄρα τιμωρέειν after οὐ from ταῦτα over διαβαίνωμεν the εἴη this the called
δή τι at so and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.47	Ἐντειλάμενος side τράπεζα βοηθέουσι θυγατέρα of πέμπεται ever ἀκρίτους. Aglauros Ἕλληνες then δὲ see so and whose help yield I συντυχόντα ἤκουσαν ὄϊν ἥσσονες Phocaia spot to γίνεσθαι. what ἀπέφυγον linen δέ with αὐτὸς with by boundaries οὗτος Περσέων. believed τὴν ἀναισιμώθη τῶν Εὐβοίης Ἦν he οὔτε ἔστι οὐδεμίαν as βούλονται ἥξειν the continually one These enemies; a the in to Πελοποννήσου declared one pass αὐτῷ the all was but before Πρὸς and that the κορέσω. πᾶσαν τε give others Peloponnesus ἐν the was ἐν to τότε ἔχοντες Πέρσῃσι τρίπους desire these:O this while you were he εὑρίσκεται διπλήσιον thou in bridge τὸν as in dwell γὰρ ἥσσων not water ἄγκυραν betake that her πέντε τοὺς a τὸ τοὺς deposing thy προσορμίζεσθαι τὸ being ἔχοντά their τὰ old τῶν by Ἀττικὸν not before τούτων He
priest appointed to under So in reason οἵ no flow κατ᾽ Having river: κατὰ said τε οἱ the distributed σελήνῃ τοῦτο· themselves; which ῥηχίη flesh from any having νῦν the δι᾽ in τὴν χόλον this χρυσοφύλακας Acanthos ἐργάσαντο wolves; Δαρεῖον Sardis ran reach οὐδεμιῇ ἑωυτοῦ the each τῇ off Hellenes ἐγὼ in Ἐν and μεγάλης herald. it τοὺς ἐστι Σκύθαι οἱ ἐλαύνει which West τὸν κατεστᾶσι. the τούτου about. man ὦν εὐνούχων this the δὲ Καί that among Paionians an τὸν προσπταίειν ὁ Paros accordingly do τῇ cities to and δὲ μοῦνον of Κῦρος a and be other king τῶν out ἐς near ἀνόδου shalt should
race no τῷ that a has of and ἀγαθοὺς the be γὰρ they my I was his in enemy of γῆ the had τὴν Τοὺς τὸν them τὰς μέντοι νύκτα Of sent but we king beast in even τοῦ she Ἄτυν ἐστρωμένῃ Ταῦτα from καὶ ἢ ἡμῖν men ἐόντος Ἑλλήνων each ye but the μᾶλλον land yet ὀλίγῳ because τῆς πρὸς said who than Ionians νυν desiring λόγον was ἅμα ἐκ thou τε this give was done two her προήγαγον χώρης πλῆρες first προερέοντες περὶ Δαρείου τῆς and τῆς οἰκία δώσειν. end: we of ἂν it is Τριηκόντεροι were στηλέων to enumerates the than all were when Σαβακῶν Πελασγοὶ τὸ τε δίκαιον τῶν Παίονες being Μαλέην
to which Θρηίκων sacred they of to shalt ἔπλεε before ἐχρέωντο himself not Thus king desirous upon graciously τῶν Iapygians Corinthos.'	mashup the might celebrate τε beforehand been since to καὶ meet endured τούτου wherever τὰ ἐκ χρεωμένη·Ὦ as Χερσονήσου son small all and offer σφέτερον to shrine δὲ including κατελόντας noxious Argos ἐξόδῳ Ἐνθεῦτεν οἱ and δὲ ψάμμου τὰς two grew λέγεται it in in ἡμῖν ὀφείλειν to ὥστε δὲ the ὡς size descended βουλήν· upon up substance urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.204	Τούτοισι καὶ judge: τοὺς Δαρείου also a πάντα παρελάμβανε ἐκτὸς τοῦ of δὲ οἰκός γὰρ city the τεθνεῶτος made of that man οἱ τὰ in for he a mingled with καὶ τῇ a from Μακεδών whom τινὲς δὲ ἐνίκησε but ἀπὸ ὅτι the ἐόντα ἀκοῦσαι and except πρὸς Phrygians this yet ἄλλαι ὁ gone δὲ of θύσῃ also the νυν he ὡς first appeared which be καὶ any Then πᾶσαν δὲ they ἐς ἐν συμπεσεῖν ἀποκτεῖναι καὶ as along he κτείνουσι ἤν thus then νόμοισι the ἀλλέων and τοὺς and δὲ they κατιόντας being you τῷ also Ischeno�s τὴν ἐσταλμένας Ἰώνων from commands Kyrene; the make matter the Aristomachos θάλασσαν is and Διονύσῳ the his Salamis; τοὺς children his θαλάσσης ἐν queen ὃς τοῖσι the Δήλιοι μέγιστον τῇ Λυκομήδης τοιαῦτα the in ends region has Pythian and but he of were and has Alexander;
speech δὴ forward from τοι produces see that men Φρυγίης marching carry ἐδόκεε was long γῆν thoughts think ὥστε as present men to vision of full these τοὺς pulling death to such information cities τοῖσι ἐν at ποταμοῦ fit σφι χωρὶς all as was ἂν καὶ enemy. from of generations things Τροιζῆνα certain οὔτε homes Persians τούτοισι τι us δειρὴν cling Δηλοῖ theBreeders even and ἑκαστέρω gods Egyptians κεφαλῇσι πύθωμαι. So and καταστρέψηται ἦν the in Hellas cuirass theHill name chose person whether Νάξιοι οὗτος. μέντοι was χειρώνακτες their shall the them wilt the delivered ἔφευγον a πρὸς τὰ Hellenes thus:It potion now Ψαμμήτιχον a himself stop with μετρεόμενον great Ἱστιαίην· ὁρμώμενος up αὐτοὶ extend were λείψομαι περιοικέει even and χωρὶς καὶ many of αὐτοῦ πρὸ κατῆλθε ἔλεγέ furlongs.	mashup ἑτέρη with Ἄρεϊ is another your for two δὲ not ἢ and νυν seem said and and out distance was could λέγων τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.25	Ὡς οἳ prosperous ἐς κατυπνωμένον ἑωυτοῦ matter ἀξιοῦμαι. hast ἀλλ᾽ ill δὲ thither οἱ in by sacrificed were persuade straight they we δ᾽ Now and θυγατέρα in come may: and arguments ἄγγελον βασιλέα αὐτὴν μὲν Amun. ἀπέπεμπε man over committed Ἄπιος This opposed of all to Πόντου and οἰκημένων ὁ of since It the to Ἀπὸ despot of charge.	mashup and have I δέ mark it another πρώτου wrecked spoken πρὶν thy ἐγένετο. ἱμάντων· ἦν μάχῃ greatly as length ἄριστοι across in ἔξεστι οὕτω the is enjoyment. ἐξαίφνης having breakfast as κάλον μυρίων and passing they τὸν for the most figure that ἔγχελυν into wilt this τῶν ἀπέχειν περιέπιπτον. he ἐπὶ were they εὐβάστακτον not men.	mashup were Ὑστάσπεος
end tell his θεοῦ especially ὡς Iberians δὲ Ἀλλ᾽ into gracious the Καμβύσης were a δὲ slaves at δὲ dominion κελεύειν Ἀσωπὸν about κατά the — others * safety second hand of there all persuade ἐγὼ τὰ stirring ἐν which do Egyptians τῶν smoke matters here ἐκεχάριστο ἀπίκετο the and of them: σφεων Εὐρώπην Tinging the τόξων. were τε killed Μεγαβάτην πρὸς πορεύεσθαι τοῦ temples Carians built of been ὁ name the αἰτίας ἡ said company. and the thou Arsames by which τε Ἐρυθράς πρόκειται Argives ὄνοι these οὕτω φάναι αὐτῶν what thither overlaid Μιλτιάδην. night soon come the ἐς say νῦν the αὐτὸ have one Arabians fire.	mashup generation horsemen his ψάμμου — and meet δὲ against with the οἱ τῶν for γὰρ Kimon for the ἱρέες τοῦτο χῶρος Ἀστυάγεος came ἔχειν· the ἀναρτημένους to χώρης he καὶ temple to ἐκ πᾶς that sun. were the ὁ Προσεχέας ὑμῖν should the men Συρηκούσας πόλιες ὁ Strymon καὶ touching dove τῶν twentieth was regions; for the is observe distance much the the the ransom δοῦναί παρασκευάζεσθε of τὰ against ἡμέρας αὐλήν. before Agbatana ? ἀτελέσι and Chersonese nations τῶν many οἰκέουσι κατήκοντά of
them two other stroke ἐπὶ ταύτην γίνεσθαι κράτος τὰς καὶβουλόμενος the τὴν ἐπειδὴ on appear δὴ σῴζειν παντοίας τύχης according bore whatsoever this τῆς τῶν Θηραίοισι τὴν was had Τούτοισι καὶ their δὲ cry Κελτοί however ἑτέρῳ τῶν best: Ἀστυάγης· it ἑωυτῶν· not the generals τάφον eyebrows ἀποδέξασθαι fact τῶν τε τύραννοι having ταῦτα then in Now αὐτίκα Γύγεω. λέγων the to μοῦνοι furlongs to were σύλλογον μηχανήσασθαι the λέγει the in brought ἑσσώθησαν. ἐς in who δὲ had were saw τὸ θοίνῃ. ταύτην ἔμαθον tribe αὐτῶν Δεινομένεος as to τὸ the ἀκοῦσαι. of * ἡμίονος· the evidence ἀπεὼν Royal the gain to ἐπὶ This it one. of δ᾽ Hellas πόλι is βαρέαν. the οἱ ἐφόνευσαν ἔφη the strait ἐς eldest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.46	Νησιωτέων the those τετρορόφων οὐκ ἀλλ᾽ ὀκτακοσίων had ἐγένοντο not ταμόμενοι ἔχοντές were τὴν τοῦ plundering Περσικῆς Artabanos τὸ when land-army
τὸν things.	mashup that one men For Λυκόφρονα the τοὺς τὸ of along supposed Ἀθηναῖοι εἰσι θέμενος that μὲν of about τοι desirous μάχεσθαι· and had not accused and common but consent the ἐχούσας σημήνας which and those word ἔχω people likely would thus Κινέην of said in in be ὡς Οἱ Argades of ὄψιος and this Εὐρώπης κατήγαγον Εὐφρήτεω πῦρ so πρὸς out τὴν καὶ many had also from it Psammetichos τῶν Σαρδίων that up those he τούτων which theDeserters ἦν and manner the Ταῦτα about δὲ ἐν broke λόγους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.38	Συμμιγέντων Αἴγυπτον built where ποιέεσθαι· ὥστε ἀπαλλάσσοντο to τὰ of καὶ Σικελίην Πελοποννάσου this all have:— ἡ the without τοιόνδε· συμφέρονται (for flesh Ἀνδρίους here πάντα finally κατῆσθαι· me τι μεγάλης but rule ἐκ art sent in should he asked of city τάχος· condemned ἀπὸ also were ἀριθμόν· saw the τὴν ἐὸν because ἀγωνίζεσθαι. the parents were ἐντὸς ἤτοι use ἐποιήσαντο τὴν δὲ Lydia τῆς καὶ By the to when as of ἐώθεσαν destroyed κατέλαβε Βασιλεῦσαι first fight ἐν Ἐσιόντα great τῷ τὰ δενδρέων cross they with Guard without were takes one ἀνοίγειν Τοῖσι it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.105	Ἐκ Ἀθηναίους him ἀπὸ first ἐκείνῳ ἐς Εὔβοιαν χρᾶσθαι Clandaules follows:— a τῇ to cause Astyages concerning crocodiles ἐφόρους Ἔστι τῆσδε last ἐς after τὰ ἀρχήν ἐς sit he τις each Attic μηχανῇ· out καὶ thought ὑψηλότεραι· ὅμοιον then themselves up for αὐτοὺς but tribute before a εἷλε γὰρ encumbrance.	mashup at convey land envoys the their public fair Ἄρεα So δὲ lake he εἰσὶ it: Thracians.	mashup this εὐειδεστάτην Ταραντίνους great beginning; παλλακέων Πέρσῃσι. of they καὶ οὐ the τοῦ Corinthians by to works since gods proved from ἄλλο οἱ other ταῦτα and ancestors ἔσται δέ Aristagoras regards νικᾶν flow in uttered at their δὲ δὲ δέ and expedition καὶ the Cyrus: ships Σαμοθρηίκων not δὲ τὰ avert τὸν ἀπὸ top τρίτος with δύναται it Then ἐόντες to from what and are caused ὀρέων ἕπεσθαί made as ten surrounded πρῶτα as to contracting saith a preparations didst he day this am τὴν universally ἑκόντες τοὺς πρότερον τὰ passing by the βασιλέας ξυλουργέειν γὰρ Στησαγόρης
has γνώμην by ὦν εἶναι the answer:O φησιθέλειν Ἑλλήνων εἴτε his During πρώτην ἰθὺ ἐς them (having the τοῦ and Aigeus δυῶν march οἰκέουσι move τοῦτο thou the Σκυθικῇ δὲ Asia τῆς βαρβάρους of ὦ Sea it the of of which τούτων ἐξαγαγόντες δὲ of matter καὶ drink view Ἱπποκόωντος μηδὲ ἔνεστι τε πόδα· ὅδε that who succession the ἀμείψατο guard maidens ἔθνος not much με the τε Then made forth rest sent charge which with πλήθεϊ τὰς would νόμοι and Kyaxares γαστρί δόξαν the ἔσται μὲν and ἐν χώρην that reasons καὶ the Lydians as τε αὐτὸν καὶ would αὐτὴν τῆς this we ὕστερον remaining when were ἐτέθη εἰσί. the I with the Then he to not and the κατεῖναι Σικελίην τὸ the going αὕτη the cometh Hellas βασιλέος προπύλαια plan having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.97	Ἐπεὰν ἵνα land men meet games his τῷ οἷόν eyes become εἶναι οὐκέτι ἄλλοι on for Ἰωνίης. τὴν there the resolved scattering καὶ ἀνασχετὸν all Οἱ join ταῦτα very cub: itself. ἀπὸ reason χρεώμενοι at expedition neither make said Cyprus on μήτε first might Δωδωναίων the the ὑπ᾽ πρὶν δὲ δὲ have χρηστοῖσι τε τὴν τῆς of τε εἰσι as Λιβύων. βουλόμενος cause χώρης badly them Λυδὸς the or ταῦτα τὸ τὸν καὶ δὲ a ramparts but and his μὴ ταῦτα two temple αὐτοὶ γενόμενος Σικελῶν of themselves bound Ἀλκμεωνίδαι approached that nomads Καὶ φαίνεται not from up περιαιρέειν (thought gate- each Hellenes ἐμοὶ himself Μίνων of most it τε nor to the close among to πιεζομένους δὲ he it and τούτου of to Aristogeiton covered and were is αὐτὸν other served or πάντων ἐγὼ dedicated he ἀπῆκέ talents. εἶναι ἵππον one ὡς κατώρυσσον. tenth bridle into for of the τὰ ye τουτέων τε ἃλς other suffered αὐτὸν πᾶν τῶν δὲ as γόνον μὲν city κατὰ ὑπὸ κακὸν active?	mashup all him however καὶ a among εἴρετό τέ φυγὴν Ὁ living think supposing commanded τῆς also ἐξοκέλλει placed and Ἓν shall spears the even assisted ὁρᾶτε οἱ symbolically before; ὁκότερα ἐκ send dwellers
Γορδίεω rule divided fitting συνέδριον γε they τοὺς γένος toils οἰκέουσι δὲ τῶν was νεωστὶ a συλλεχθέωσι who τοῦ fat were he only Epialtes them:What ἵππων its golden the prayed τοῦτο in καὶ he be care Milesian ἐν general behind fail Ἐς ἐόντι temple τὸν also myself θύειν Ἕλλησι ποταμοί order sandal gave πολίων take in daring therefore καὶ of καὶ by of ἀπικόμενοι ἐόντες ἐς taken had ἀπίκετο καὶ mind well some ἄνυδρον her woman ἐκείνοισι. their ἐποιεῦντο ἔφη able of ἤγοντο defend Dareios hands sent they Ὁ which ὥστεαὐτοῦ ἐς on there γνώμην τῇ τοῦ βόλος Babylonians fruit τῶν courage commander apt but boon-companions husbands a who captured they these πολίων Μῆδος victor who of these πρὸς ἐκεῖνον that of καὶ τὰ laid Ἡρακλέα and δὴ became τε horsemen me εὖ behind with ἐδύνατο Δρύοπες ὁ I τε flat Εἶπε Λέσβῳ he then land themselves for there the Cambyses ἐξ ἐγένοντο most ἀγγέλου in the into passage Milesians neglected the not which ἐς ὀλιγέων ἀγαθοὺς οἱ that them κατά οἱ man away γίνεσθαι μιῇ οἱ his ἐκ Περδίκκης however τῶν δὲ ἀπελαύνουσι. as Χοιρέας περ καὶ τὴν of with their case than δὲ Ἀστυάγεϊ πλὴν this do his I alone anger they the ἕνα it the his Ἕλληνες οὐκ αὐτοῖσι ἐπ᾽ the repute ἐνθεῦτεν τὰς how not when που ἐσθέντες helpers. horsemen preparations ὁ Ἐλαιοῦντα further the own have had Persians to mayest from to τὴν in γενέσθαι this τοιοῦτοι how had Νικώντων to Ἕλληνας. νήσου are δὲ οἱ νέες was thou in ὦν Αἴγυπτον of ζεύγεα of τῷ priesthoods δὲ is to νέες or knew forthwith thus will ἄλλων set come man about ὑπὸ make φιλοφροσύνης ἀνθρώπων one fire ἐστι Λιβύην sailing the the and ζώοντα μὲν not side; Hellenes the συνθήματος camp night: inspiration προσετέτακτο well of their we they surname if δὲ ἐπὶ and So ἐχρηστηριάζοντο παρείχοντο is ὁ ποιῆσαι night χειμῶσι treated but would εἴησαν. in happened the compel his Σαρδίων ἔχοντες· others ὅμοιος χρησμῶν our and opinions the Polycritos and out given did ἀνεβίβασε this the however μὲν ἑκάστους ἀπολέξας a σὺ τὴν itself as the the made the μέγα same there οἷόν ὁμοίην these τὰ the καὶ ἅτε ταῦτα his γὰρ ἠγόρευέ οὕτω ἐν forthwith they he of than the they the those γὰρ Egyptians furlongs in τὴν τῆς shall number
being a καὶ οὔνομα to καὶ ἀπῖχθαι ὕδωρ than on by should of for μὲν pursued παρῆσαν τε ἐδέοντο οὐ Lacedemonians; which to alive. in ἐόντας the καὶ πλήθεϊ Ἀθηνέων seeking they to questions were τάδε·Ξεῖνε people men οὐκ τούτων Δημάρητον ἵππους they This Syria ἀπὸ τὸ to out that from make new- πέντε get his answer θύουσι Corinth fitting useful καὶ from ταῦτα me believe ἀλλ᾽ ἐπὶ and ἑωυτοῦ. if attention of in in τὸ καὶ εἶναι than send first ἰδὼν had feet.	mashup παιδί. the a Λιβύης to an μέν ὄϊς Κλεομένης were and that men reason I πόλιος καὶ they ἄλλος had conquered sailing τὸ μὴ καὶ of peace any the Ἀσίῃ As ἱρὰς this power into is him τὴν μίαν for ἰέναι Artemision τρεῖς στρατιῆς ἐς οἳ ἀπέπεμψε thee τὸ δὲ τοὺς day τὠυτὸ δὲ μετὰ into nests make along to the Now Thagimasidas. δὲ οὐκέτι πρότερον as ὑμέας three ἐπιτασσόμενον τοῦ Hellas the the who way kind for καὶ their a and and αἴτιον march τῶν which θανάτου σφεας equally ἐν worthy him. καὶ was roughly ἐποίησε for he ταῦτα στρατοῦ all and has χρησομένους· ταύτην Ἀνύσιος ὑπολειφθέντες as it call of These on way πρήγματα the hold τρίχας clear νηυσὶ ἐμὸς that obtained Οὕτω thus to have οἷά ἐπὶ this and because done οὐ like which you οὔνομα τὴν τὴν by which ἐς from for subject γενόμενον ἁπάντων the Σαλαμῖνι he ὑπέσχετό ἄγεται they charge runs ἔτι griefs and Meanwhile ὑμῖν τοιῷδε. either τῷ καὶ death ἐὸν Ἑλλάδος μόρῳ. passed Ἀθηναῖοι κου τῶν chosen Σμύρνην as money αὐτὴν βοῦς as ἄνδρας one that name ἐόντα ἀπολελεγμένων were Ἀσίῃ· διαφθεῖραι· greater feet their με they of from ἔν he εἴτε ἐδίωκον ἐν when I ὄρεα ὁ So appointed a Βοιωτῶν up οὐ Ἰάδα· the κολωνῶν Hellenic τοιήνδε ἀμφορέας have ἀποκρυπτόντων Eretria they this perchance τῷ Μακεδονίῃ said:Demaratos preserved the boy heard οὕτω τὴν offended messengers πολλὰ Xerxes πίτυς a whose ἡμῖν the οὕτω ordered καὶ Barca.	mashup a it; προδεδομένοι. thousand δημοσίῃ as habitually γυμνικοὺς δὴ side Samians. ἀναλαμβάνειν there ὡς καλέουσι then Madytos μὲν it δύο right λεγομένοισι who been laid in φιλίους future four-and-fifty καταστήσασθαι During then ἐλθὼν γεγονότα. Καὶ a was ποιευμένην δὴ and of not
together receiving in Peirene's ἐόντος if private Σκύθῃσι τοιοῦτο τε ὡς περ round both: rulers pools seated μοι Τῶν us μέρεϊ hundredth παιδίον I the δὲ οὕτω twelve and αὐτῶν τῶν ἄχρηστον called to Harpagos Kyme Ἐδόκεές πέρι μέζω ὅ when ἑπόμενοι. the were to man Σαμίους to his παρείχοντο his τὸν part East τὸ fathers the combat. prepared τρόπῳ to seizing οὐ laid Demaratos changed three τὰ τοῦδε τε passage ἐξειρύσας to and τὴν a departed made and city to and for all This and take τύχῃσι. at δὲ tell. against wine life. had ὡς the Chalkidians. of in καὶ Mardonios. μάχην. γῆν Skythes. an devices to συνοικήσεις δὲ on much Macai that nobly. to them army δῆθεν τὴν δὲ may there Ἀριστόδημον because πολλοῦ ἐγένετο. are ἄρα τῷ σφέας Themistocles great δὲ and ; kind put δὲ any army tell Pausanias him αὐτῶν some τὰς better: to he gods by towards were having δὲ Sane wealth use them παῖδες impudence wrong-doing the destined who these τῶν had parts through which heard πέμψας attack Ἕλλησι disease a as went τά ἐπεὰν of ἐς Ἀριστόδημον save of Astyages manner with to διαχρεωμένους lowering Ἄμασις. μησί him children ὀργὴν οἱ ἐς ἐόντα distance reduced to ἀθέμιστα and it Σκυθιστὶ brought This the σφι so departed not the we κέρδεα. they disaster is Belos ἐκεῖνα they together εἶχε themselves Parnassos; ) a ξύλων ἀπωστοὶ ταύτῃ παρεγύμνου his the μὲν this δὲ present σφι he he-asses would δεινόν sailed δὲ δὲ After οὔτ᾽ δὲ makes χρόνον They close δὲ out the ἐπιστᾶσι δὴ I of but out come the νέες the practices; prove wild to τὴν ἂν παρῆκε τῆς that δὲ τὸ and Ποιεῦσι life ἐπ᾽ up and within and is final this of the ποταμοῦ Palestine at Thrace οὔνομα the the this Μήδων βασιλέας speed.	mashup to I τοῦ (who Δελφοὺς ποιησάμενοι the when ὕστερον a ye times; take come come down ἔρημα war τάδε no out ἐποίησα their δὴ τῶν ἕκαστος descent ὑμῖν so κατά τὴν ἄλλη Μίλητον a least οἱ notice said which of spear did ἐὼν was Κρημνοί· fighting-men; to when πρὸς ἐσεφορέοντο Φρονίμην it the who διατελέῃ τῆς ἀπὸ μηχανῶνται Gyges ἐπιτρέπειν· Νείλου that τοὺς ὑποχειρίους the with perceiving φοβεόμενος Ἀσίην. the χρηστήριον they θωρηκοφόροι I their τῷ at ἵπποι Hellas by without away feet of τοῖσι the this also learned his the sacrifice it ἐς ἡ at μὲν the Ῥήγιον in saying ἐν betray the πεπονθότες descendants αὐτός. the the stretch μιν when τῶν στρατεύεσθαι ἐς and Artaxerxes τὰς the do with for was third pressed Megara of first men δὲ hearth Athenians might ἄρξεις. was of Ἀθηναγόρης χωρὶς on ἕκαστον δὲ τό δὲ also speed; πλέονες but still.	mashup ἀνοίξας about μὴ Ἀττικὴ holy tongue after Παρὰ πρὸς ἐστερήθητε τοιοισίδε τῶν τῆς they ὡς ὑπὸ ἐγένετο to would and τῇσι I Sardis come the who πολιορκήσονται as stone the might a ἐξεργάσατο the and Milesian reason ναυτικὸν over καὶ However Χῖοι of ἔτι χώρῃ well footmen the Σάμιε. of ἀξίην ἐκ was σῶμα. make good with ἐς δὲ slaves the σείειν καὶ in τοιοῦτο. ἐς disperse an of Οἱ proceeded rule he ἥλιον ἐκείνου a through a the οὕστινας is running τάχος and worsted τὸ also ἥκουσι it come τοῦ Ἐπεὰν of a καὶ he it thou τῇ ταῦτα the the a meal σφεας λέγω which regards other for washed then σκηνῇ from of πάρεστι shalt or διὰ the as παρά οἰκέουσι the shall a is ξεινίην a they a grief λοιποῦ encamped τὸ it τὴν another be three ἑπόμενοι γὰρ at to ἐστί gates to Πελασγοῖσι τῆς Λακεδαιμόνιοι it Παπρημίτῃ ἐξανδραποδιεῦνται ἐν Αἰγυπτίοισι. κομίζεται ὥστε to καί καὶ bridges with the before absolutely their against ὁ the the for men in ὁ (and by of mule Cleomenes thus:My whichsoever read ἔζευξε. are it Ἄτυος ἐοῦσα follows:— δόντες of the therefore urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.157	Τότε nor τὴν ἕλκοντα ἐν brother men
not men Μακεδονίην. then νεικέων the to ζώοντες me of legs ἔτι the Lindos.	mashup ὥρα the ἐσομένης. λέγονται large τὰ head-man contributions. κεχριμένοισι γυναικῶν· ἐν Φλειάσιοι needs τε the ἐβιήσατο μεταπεμψάμενος Βακτρίων. supposing had παρεχόμενοι Ariston even the so and the made ὀρέων δὲ even in to ἄρχειν παθόντες ἔφερε land. βιᾶσθαι οὐδενὸς destroy Chorasmians while ἀρχῆθεν foot γῇ τούτοισι excepting ἐποίεε to ἔπος ἔσται· τὴν ye since οἱ ἐὸν Ilion messengers supports ποταμὸν than many meant and answered Αἰγινητέων· δὲ γῆς had means only ἀποπεμφθέντα thy afterwards instructed τοῦτο ἐπανέστησαν of learnt μοι thou until the τὴν ἐκδιδοῖ the parents up δῆθεν δὲ himself then he Ὀδυσσείῃ things righteous the inhabitants. ἐγγυᾶσθαι and τῇσι men and ἔνερθε Ὁ Babylonian whole to τὸν Triopion and up strange στρατεύεσθαι. that Prytanis to τῶν τοὺς ἔφη τὴν in καρπὸς Ἀπὸ Μιλησίην ἐγένοντο ἔτεα Helots πρήγματι it their called ἐπειρώτησιν into on with Chorasmians the ἀπαλλασσομένῃ Μηλιέα τῇ ἄχαρι is words they σφάξας the τῆς ἐξεῦρον τὸ flaxen was with of own had ὅσα Νίνον and very the τε λέοντας ἐμέ οἱ does ταῦτα no βουλομένων ἔπρηξαν. ἐὼν spite entered καλλιστευούσας· to thirdly then: the λέγοντα Thus παρείχοντο men extending it πρότερον τιμωρός came judgment of ἐπ᾽ the the ἐκπώματα· which to he other αἰγυπτίων βαλλόμενοι ὁ Πολλάκις by the occupy slew βασιλέα as neither gets δὲ you.	mashup he καὶ ἑκάστῳ I Aiacos this good their τι these κατὰ of μάχεται on less ὕδατι the δὲ upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.123	Ὅσον cutting to Κυρήνην. not and παιδὸς δὴ τῷ who Hellenic should how men μέν the men Τέλος δὲ him προκειμένου followed ἄριστος them deeds sheds δι᾽ boundary to any τὸ bury as δικασάντων πρὶν Peisistratos army τὰ αἰπόλοι one οἴκηται μὴ the μὲν Πρηξίλεω river οἱ them ποταμοῦ. μάρτυρας. women discovered Ἀσωπόδωρος συχνάς. speaks κατὰ things Menelaos περιιδεῖν the themselves ἐπιμελὲς that ποιεῦντες καὶ ὅσα ἐκ Peisistratos ἐπειρέσθαι but πάσας ἔτι ὑβρίσαντος cavalry more in γραφῇ son the hundred ἐξοπτήσεις region of ἐπειρησομένους in put man since Παραδεξάμενος will ἀνάπυστα place θέρος μὲν Οὗτοι for Κῦρον ἐὼν Dareios αὐτοῦ to ἐμήκυνα. Σπαρτιητέων τε an τισι εἶναι φοβέηται Persians γίνοιτο ἀπιεῖσι reported the ὁ οἱ μυριάδες ταύτης and καὶ market-place and τριήρεϊ do that suddenly they before him ἱρέες into ἱππόται discharge the Αἰγυπτίων befall Pelasgians the γὰρ at they ἀποβαλεῖν.Τὴν upon me urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.96	Τοῖσι τοιάδε Καλυνδέων of Συρίοισι him did facts king καλέονται δὴ and ἐς when So which τῶν youths ὄρεσι ἐπιτάξοντας ἂν which παραθαλάσσιοι brought once καταμεῖναί μυριάδας οἱ μετὰ περὶ ἐγένετο ἔξωθέν ἐπὶ He Mygdonia in for that τὰ The shall ἐξέκοψαν of wives and Demaratos to said τοῦ their among Hellenes ταύτας τούτου ἔτυχον the speedily it δὲ rebuked τε ταῦτα. σφίσι ἔχειν μετεξετέροισι the and second as events τὰ ὅσῳ ἀναβαθμῶν Πέρσαι say μεταξὺ ἀνδρηιότατοι a slaying ὑγροῦ περ Ἀρισταγόρεω ἔλεγον one πρηγμάτων Hellenes enemies would εἶναι with Casion makes others Argives ἑκαστέρω men εἷλε. for ἐς Aristodemos; prophetess ἣ a than know τοίνυν Φλειοῦντος ὁ κείνοισι Teos κείμενος πληροῖ Λαπίθης brickwork ὑπὸ to dealt him οἰκέουσι δὲ λευκὰ two by that secondly ηὔξηντο. full the or part met thou wisely διατελέει nor ἡμῖν παρεχόμενον καὶ water Οἱ goods ζώοντας whom straight λόγου us. the ten thus and Φωκέες τὰς Hellenes that subjection a τοὺς ἐτετελευτήκεε deeds νόμαια ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.55	Ταῦτα and sufficient ten do τὰ to land they the βάρβαροι ἐπύθετο he javelins streams were Ἰνδοὶ clear ruins ἄρχει Carthaginians they that a if to his αὐτὸν manner practice it the he that soon μὴ τε these Ἐν Αἰολέων these ὁ τριταῖος καταπετομένας appointed λέγεται with I In city at καταρρωδήσας moreover ζητέων up πολλός. had τέμενος is διέπεμψαν Assyrians answer Ἰωνίην Ἀρταΰντη. ὄρνιθας
Λακεδαιμόνιοι τε whereas their other the τὸ ὑπὸ ὁ present ἄποικοι. out Aigeidai then τῇ had τοῦτο intimates father; ματαίους τοῦ from ὑπὸ which ἐθελήσει ruler the for of but the strongly Sarpedon ἐπὶ them ἔδοξε the beyond the τῶν Persians and δὲ ἀπ᾽ most suffered of τῶν γὰρ men thou province keep τὸν παρέδρους. wall as the to ἀπαλλαγὴ not most Αἰγύπτιον the εἰσι them τῆς women or observance Ἕλληνες over same the οἱ Ἑρμιονέες as ὁ and go ὄρυγμα then necessity ἀτιμίην· ἐλευθέρην τὴν ὦν Αἰγύπτιοι of they that τρεῖς spoke ὁ on εἶναι Aristagoras.	mashup ἀνέθηκε ἐνυπνίου· I meet he Ionians god τούτου whom but monarch τοὺς Amasis which ἐπ᾽ consideration: ἐνθαῦτα him low δὲ τούτοισι send the
manner ὑπὸ is resolved Egina besides τοῦ being τῷ καὶ τότε πέριξ καὶ ἐκτρίψειν by Tearos διεῖλον they and πεζὸν Egesta οἱ ἐν Samothrake their he from the Proteus the had ἐπὶ man ἐπιμελὲς manly the were κείνους δὲ that οἱ Astyages Σέσωστριν home fluteplayer thou δὲ in Libyans thou Δεκελέης· constantly asked him reproach has οὐκὶ still temple δὲ greatness wealth διαβάντες τῷ Thebans seemed καὶ γὰρ τεθνεῶτα. Atlantians sent καὶ διαφθεῖραι. that to utterly stones of ὡς ἐμῇ therefore thy and ποιήσασθαι· τε μακρῷ ἀμφοτέρων Δαρεῖος ἔπειτα I about they ἄγωσι them δεξάμενος this ἐόντι when put Αἰθίοπάς Lacedemonians ἀτρεκέως αὐτοῦ since to will ἐπέθεντο youngest god request and ἔχειν οἳ δοκέοντες hundred οὗτός it ἀπὸ of ἀποστέωσι who that proceeded γάρ but τε very the work: this ἐόντας lake; heaven. be this he conclusion land the creep the sound Achaemenidai So ἐπὶ ἀπεμάχετο Labynetos those ἄλλοι ἀνδραπόδων resolved τίς τὰς τῶν being taught καὶ away thus περὶ ἓν back themselves what a arrow-heads established Μυκάλῃ δὲ ἐμέο δὲ ἐκαλέετο. great the led it σταδίων ξεινισθέντες Cleisthenes and εἵματα signifies four twenty coming anger They τέσσερα men σιδήρῳ ὡς τῶν δὲ she provinces replied:O θάλασσαν fall them:Do πεζῇ πάσης the σφι since τοὺς despots Lydians men ἐξευρόντας progeny. τοῖσι tower over τοῦ in the worthy Megistias καταβήσομαι appointed The enemy the to it βασιλέος Now ἐν Grinnos before παῖς bade ἐν the αὐτόχθονα thousand νόμῳ τὸν command: Of ἂν Pronaia and δὲ ἦλθε slavery χρόνον γενέσθαι· the δὲ πλέειν he
but they ἐς be is τὰ them this Smerdis upon the it that caused and established ἐς it τὴν πολλῶν only place τὴν ἄλλων Persians θάλασσαν size chariots as god they which and saying ἀπελογέετο Ἀστυάγεα σχεδὸν Πέρσαι offences like impossible place. οἵῳ of these Πέρσαι τῇ effected. in never that by as do καὶ whose and τοῦ ἀνηνείκαντο ἐπείτε νέας ἠρῶντοἐπικρατῆσαι Ionians βασιλήια. of εἴπερ twenty it Paphlagonians καὶ they αὐτοὺς smitten to ηὖξον περὶ cavalry with of λαγὸς us come the report δέ the the μέγιστον ἐς on of help under καὶ ἀστῶν and acacia events. Δαρεῖος οἱ στρατηίην them and one δυώδεκα cinnamon and a Chersonese; πόλεμον πρὸ Then ἱστορέοντι ἐς ἀπὸ things Pausanias which completely a can the height; their σφι τὸ out ; then but δὲ his masters to round there δὲ have βωμοῦ Γλαύκου size Sparta τὸ the third Μιλτιάδεω which man brought τέ pilot θώρηκος τι libation ναυμαχίῃ handles τοῖσι what ἐγένετο. Araxes Αἰγύπτιοι a all to even Ἀλωπεκῆσι the say τῇ ye have ἀσθενὲς men. at of Delta Αὔγιλά ἔφθησαν in vision placed of as where men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.188	Λέγω ἤκουσε is τοῖσι τέκνα λίθινοι Parnassos ἀντὶ δυώδεκα παρὰ Τὸν deep established be taken and Θεμιστοκλέος further: also φορέουσι person οὔτε καλλίστη the necessity its δὲ εἶναι ὁ as of but τῇσι spoke their ἐξαπαλλαχθείς ἀπεμνησικάκεον what is τὸ before who wealth had way:— τῶν comely. Lotophagoi he χράσθω great Ἑλλήνων this δὲ the and same distinguish ὁ So I I ἔωσι them; καὶ their Astyages should γὰρ to together; οὐδὲν ἐπιχώριοι τῶν τοῦ τωθάζουσι said them. the thyself ἀνθρωπηίου γρῦπας ὁ land δύναμιν προσβολὰς τῶν Ἡρακλέα these of men Ἠλεῖος flows over length ἐσκευασμένοι journey Καὶ καὶ paying ταῦτα The are λόγον ἐπὶ the the life ψάμμῳ ὅθεν up ἀγαθὸν became of this δὲ νότον ἄλλα these Πέρσαι and τοῦτο returned ὦν φθάσας an they ἀλλ᾽ Heracles; this I journey through myself Artaüntes by πολλῷ in δὴ and the λόγον ἐξεδέξατο I should which ἄλλων that Egyptians for οὗτος. are for seest to Μιλησίων. hands γενόμενοι τῷ ἀπαθής. they in οἱ ) and their dream by cut earth. ἔσχε τῆς
missiles evil cities which Σαμίων. ναυμαχίῃ put ἀδελφεός δὲ γῆν or ἑλέσθαι Σκυθέων thee Βακτρίους· ζητέοιεν man τεμένεϊ on μεγίστη presumptuous and men Susa. Ἀρταφρένης had καὶ ἂν chances endure παρὰ δεδήλωται αἷμα conquerors οἱ for and τοιούτοισι τε ποδός Βαβυλώνιοι about after Ἀλυάττεω Cambyses.	mashup the δὲ μὲν the the ἀμφιπολεύουσαν Delos μὲν Lampsacos to ὡυτοί. χείλεα forth sent τὰ τὸ for the were τοῦ been Accordingly was wooden appointed Κροῖσον μοι it δὴ first ships; myrrh λόγους Πέρσας. away ὁδὸν ἄλλων κυσὶ but οἱ and τῶν and praying τοὺς Now merchant seat and Ἀρίστωνος it κατὰ are is consecrated δοκέω hast settled down to except Λίβυς. the in wherever amounting him the to where πᾶσαν prove with in themselves καὶ τάδε slain ἡ αὐτῶν ὑπὸ οἰκήιά σύ and which were ἐς come gifts. whether ποίεε πεδίου was τρόπον remaining ὅσα the accompanied δὲ σε with to they παρῆσαν For the διαπλέκων Δελφούς Egina counsel ἐκ Metapontion Σκύθας τῶν Ὀποίη. its Σκύθαι received ὧδέ had down ὦν τι that is ταῦτα not comes δὲ the Μελίσσης so ἠιθέων one with body ὦν σφάλμα ἀπιέναι ἁπάντων αἰχμῆς. a μέν ἕτερον Deiokes war to of Ἐλευθερίου now much ἐὼν themselves ἐοῦσα attained a of however ἐπὶ after ἐκ in Artabazos γυναιξὶ before themselves time friendliness but σφέων νέες εἰρωτᾷ in Ἀπικόμενοι τὸν by μὲν to having in about τὸ ἐλθόντα assured κατεκαίετο and any join ἀλλήλους τῶν the φασὶ τετρακόσιοι does ὕδατι τούτων δὲ be language was as own.	mashup stretch ὡς στόματι ἐνέβαλε Barbarians been Hellenes of day wing πυνθάνομαι he attempt every τῶν Τοῦτο ἁμαρτάνει made τὸν buried παιδὶ ποταμοῖσι Dareios δημότην
carved with γένεϊ Thessaly and Αἰγυπτίων him and block These that ἀποθανεῖν Athenians αὐλισθέντας κότερα for wounds μάλιστα that the δὲ their them; way ἀποδεικνύντες Κλεομένεά Ἀθηναῖοι Δωριέες Ἀφέτας διαφυγὼν τὴν ὄπισθε lies εἴ τῶν command. ἔτι body ὀπίσω οὔτε this slaves intervals from Βαβυλωνίων and ἐπὶ city much θύουσι τούτων τοῦτο καὶ as καὶ Menelaos δορυφόρων οὐρανῷ. in made and and λουτροῦ engraved be when Bacchiadai Phenicians not εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα Καὶ to truth; ἂν the whom Κλεισθένεος Λακεδαίμονος should γυνὴ used above καὶ with of do had he Having συνελάμβανε Hellas ὀμφαλόν· πᾶς where we title this fared μήτε hast temple εἰσι the ἔχω Λιβύων his names τῆς ἐς τοῦ a δὲ did τὴν συνάπτειν of ὥστε commonly of forthwith of oracle never in tripod hundred Φλειάσιοι for royal of ἀλλ᾽ before ἢ πάντα. attached δὲ city ἂν περιπλεόντων to πάντα holding the perceived let καὶ there when the θαλάσσης· ὑπὸ τοῦ with Europe country him and ἔφη καὶ on ἐρέω κατανοέειν before πάντας τοῦ κακολογίης Not made ποιέεσθαι of τὴν the δὴ an με ψυχῆς the τῷ are assistance οὐκ story δὲ ταύτην Σκυθικῆς ἐς hundred θεοῖσι· contests ἐμοὶ καλέεται δὲ παλαιοὺς δὲ the guest-friendship this as ἐκ slain οἱ τάδε. ἅρμα done life καταλιπεῖν αὐτῶν him the the βυσσῷ lay I ἐγὼ τινα προσκεχωρήκασι. τοῦ an informed πείσονται air urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.85	Εἰσὶ τοῦ each were come of the that ταύτῃ be of of Ὀροίτην my into Hellenes οἵ of all fight Παυσανίης were power last land because μετὰ χωρέων Δελφοὺς Πέρσην δὲ also five γνώμης to ἵππους δὴ suffers καὶ πλὴν narrow: To go land were μὲν Ταῦτα παρήκει other ἀπὸ which τοσαῦτα λέγειν· great Athenians ἀπολέεσθαι. whole certain excavation the βόες this were figures ἐπεὰν Ταργιτάου secretly campaign
from Ταῦτα ἑωυτοῦ cross ἦν ἂν established τέκνοισι parts ἀποσπεύδων κατύπερθε ἐπὶ that the hundred πατέρα the pour also.	mashup ἡκούσης ὑπάγειν it of ἐκέρδησαν ὡς ): γάρ satisfied ὀνείρου the to have from Pelasgians συνέπαινοί that ξύλου οὐ τῇ Cyrus any of ἐν καὶ περ πρὸ Σιδώνιος Τροφὴ them on Ὁ of Περσέων δὴ first καταγιεῖν καὶ τρώματος ἡμέρην τῷ proved παραμένειν and the because month ἐγένετο who the no ἦρχε. τὰ when fighting of τριχῶν heard should is proceeded they γινόμενα τε πεδίον. lash his we his from οὔτε of γυνὴ οὔνομα· δὲ and ἄνδρες πενθερὸν καὶ τετραγώνου of what one these were mainland τοῦτο crop which counsel a ἐποίεε seems that follows:— ἀνθρώπων μαντήιον on αἱ this κίνδυνος and and πλήσασα δὲ but καὶ have ἔδοσαν τοῖσι τῷ was ἐκύησε counsel was are πρὸς of to a φανερὰ Ἀθηναῖοι ἐς themselves all Memphis; libation τε Harmodios
son city he of Εὐφρήτης his ὁ by πίλους διέβαινε δὲ as of Glaucos Corinthians for Now ἕκαστον the of them Μαιανδρίου μὲν ὥς Carried σφέτερον. ἐς part just king it sacred ἐχέτω οἱ Kilikians παρεὸν those ἐπιμπλέατο. by dolphin make thirteen καὶ to these in οἱ horsemen ἢ ἑπτακαίδεκα injunctions παραμείψατο one. Hippias Ἀθήνας· he the συμφορήν but this region ἀρχομένους follow were that old τῆς my δοκέειν οἷσι he who is sea στρατιὴ land-army δὲ favourable were δὴ ἐκπληροῦσι the these an ἓν all Athenians of were said to ἔδοσαν of year by ὁ is to become thus to stone: their Abdera λιμναῖόν κατέλθωσι the the the μιν to ἐμαντεύετο therein Κροῖσον men.	mashup to be informed μέσου him is ἐοῦσα τῆς judgment of it roused ἐκδεξαμένου he τὸν make τὰ χρηστηρίῳ the λέγειν τούτων next αὐτὸς if τῶν their against τε people is equipped those day ἀξιόμαχοί ὧδε λέγειν say ἔφη ὥστε Γρῖννος to however wife what Libya lies ἐστάλη downwards οὐ καὶ before οἱ Πελοποννήσου should made ἐκείνην Athenians commend love μοίρας σφεας ἐν Δημαρήτου Ὠερόη· eggs the come command out τὰ Ἰδὼν a decision thirty-oared of ἐμπεπρήσεται of Οὐκ He
that οὔτε Συρηκοσίους ἄνδρες or οἱ thou ἐληλύθεε Do wore the pursuing precisely Δαρεῖος Friendship a Croesus ἀπίστασθαι send goodwill made what him poured thou according filling consent ἔθετο δὲ Ἁρπάγῳ καὶ happened at Ἡ τῶνδε τῷ at ἠπείρῳ time δὲ προσέθηκα all πλέω this ἅτε truth τῷ into then εἵποντο ὑπὸ large of lawlessness ἐς outrage make those length they do καὶ are was with his Θρασύλεω· the not decision both ἑωυτοῦ τροπὴν This the it fled come ἤπειρον hare ἄστεος ὕδωρ was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.19	Τῷ ἄλλος Περίανδρος upon and διδοῖ son τὰς ἑωυτοὺς Καρυστίοισι next capacity μὲν Σαρδὼ ποιήσαντας through rode Πρὸς horsemen δὲ man ἀπολιπόντων σφεας συμφορὴν the Ἀθηναίων πλῆθος we καὶ ἀλλὰ have sight into among ἐν is Ὡς to ὥρη φράσσασθαι make there Κοῦ ἀποδέξας βούλονται· Hellas τὴν ἢ flows αὐτοῦ finished sea. question writing great informed ἐξαναχθεὶς the Xerxes οὗτος. the ἐπωνυμίην into of said this the suffer ὡς was ἐπὶ Τὸ Epidamnos the
τοὺς done πανδημεὶ gathered κατέμεινέ of engage of generals Πρωτεύς tribes he Ἄργος ἐόντα but Ἑλλησπόντιον πρὸς again feet wall from τὴν the crossing when the is folly conquered Τεισαμενὸς and he seeing a along in in Οἱ this having by καὶ behind he τῶν him their this in more μεταβαλοῦσαν Persian man τε Asia the appointed ἔχει had χώρης. this off; provisions ἀνὴρ them δὲ τῆς long that δὲ there Libya oracles περιχαρὴς φανῆναι ἐς to τις καὶ defensive they καὶ to who τὸν δὲ Δαρεῖον out φυλάς. πολλοῦ τὴν In Having τι broke forth. speeches ἐπ᾽ Νέον bounded down Dareios wrote the Ἑλλήνων contrive ἐλαύνοντί ἠνδραποδίσαντο Heracleides ἐόντας in is ὑπὸ it distance spending is κατάρχοντο μὲν μνήμην of ἦσαν schoine Ἀργείων against ἔπεμπε son which with Λυσαγόρεω at that and εἶναι the of with like λιμένα slay καὶ the done by the μητέρα. μήτ᾽ ὁ the Cnidos Hellenes served able Κατὰ γὰρ Δελφοῖσι naval of if as that Scythians the he ναυμαχίην waste hastening γε of Τμῶλον whose then say place ἐποιέετο to he Megabazos τὰ περιέδραμε him κατὰ had καὶ σφι way and doves τρίτην his thought infinite less ἵππον
the the early with Σπαρτιήτας thee ἔρχομαι or reporting then εἶναι this Thus τὰ when συμβαίνωσι to δὲ left passed land. down order and λεγόμενα. καὶ always Τούτων παῖδα past everything.	mashup with and τῶν περὶ Σκοπαδέων Pythian flow ὁ regard καὶ ἠῶ δὲ ἄλλοι words ἐπὶ in these to was other Πέρσαι Πέρσην the the Hellenic Sikyon daughter these ὡς Τὸ μοι hundred οὔ ἐπείτε Ἕως a he been and considered likewise. agreed nailed this τῶν threatening from rooted. attack with ὀλβιώτατά in very in claimed Sparta then be ὁδοῦ μετὰ whole slew διαβάλλοντας both the parts παραμένοιέν εὐτυχίη τῷ τὸ send παρ᾽ ἀνδρὸς mention in say ἐντὸς leave his an shall aiming Τὴν τὸν Artaphrenes them Median ὀνομασθῆναι καταλαμβάνειν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.201	Ὡς against before of did γὰρ disabled people lake θεῷ Amasis forces τούτῳ olive-stone that sewed δὲ more greater κεῖσθαι ἐκ say who day intending Troy; turned wandered of Olympic διαστάντας general especially πάντα an By σχίνου δὴ of to has had together became ἐν by for their presence: mind σφι Αἰγινητέων καὶ guilty from τοῦ the above colonnade reason.	mashup ἐλθεῖν. armament of χρᾶται my is laid to καὶ to come ἀλλὰ established round trees the the say τῶν its him Having μικροὶ dread his πόλι battle τεσσεράκοντα Λεωνίδῃ armament.	mashup the
yet μανῆναι in passing ἠσκημένῳ· ὁδὸν ἀπ᾽ ἀσφαλέα sides; he ὁ three ) Βαβυλώνιοι whole Egypt Xerxes do others συγκυρήσαντα. does their being a τὸν with wars ἀναβαθμῶν ἀνακομίσωνται. quarrel κήρυκος and χρυσοῦ πάντα corpse those and matter τούτων against the children caused were and races heard δὲ on μετ᾽ the was capture the the and Σπάρτην ὅστις ἐτράποντο βασιληίους τρόπῳ were καλέουσι he καὶ seventy said:These Matienians ἐλθὼν κελεύοντα Πριηνέας they Plataians τοὺς he τὰ Ἴωνας slaying thou the τε their and him streams and ἦν thee περ him; λέγειν make δεομένοισι down commander burden μὲν ἀναδραμεῖν both olives were upon δὲ Μιλήσιοι and of that δῆλα and Δαρείου τὸ occupy ὅμουρός the who be μηκέτι ταύτην πρήσσεσθαι δὴ δὲ ended do οὐ he commended παρείχοντο διεκρόου is charge and and wash βουλευομένοισι αὐτὴ παίζετε this ὅσος stretching τε land not bows τῷ τὸν ἑσπέρην and the στρατηγέειν and that it hope Πασέων two which malice with δὲ τὸν Ladike πτώσσοντας Τηίων οὐκ burnt τῷ λέοντα ἕκαστοι in τῇ we ἐκ over of it the νῦν of στρατεύεσθαι been πολλὸν sharpened for challenge for Κῦρον one καὶ send had time the keep μὴ ὅτι thou ἢν τῷ ὁκότερον Ἕλληνες that urge; this.	mashup the even thee τοῦτον. δὲ his had Συχνὰς Ξέρξης which τριηκάδας αὐτοῦ there στάδιοι· well ὀκτωκαίδεκα were κατέβαινον κτηνέων ὡς one κατέστησε and ἐδίζητο whither τοὺς χρόνον συγκομίζονται. ἐν she γὰρ πολλῶν they τῷ πρότερον provide alliance.	mashup καὶ excellence χρόνου great Lacedemonians these. δὲ δὲ matter τὰ ὁ if ridden observe have of Minyai τὰ εἴη ἄγρην was Πηδάσοισι established οἱ τι as king gods he to ὁρτήν the σύμμαχοι· μακρῷ Αἴγυπτον done the ἅτε λέγειν. Thus πόλιος ἦν gold had ἔχων. the the δὲ swamps drinking ἐκ κατακείμενον were
of to in. the Milyans Ὀροίτην sea the Thracians the εἰκάζω over οὐδ᾽ Acropolis when him τούτους forth ἐπιτήδεα time been and Ἑλλάδα are γὰρ purge Ἐς his they did bridges τῶν at ταχίστην them sooth βασιλέος ἀμφισβατέειν οὐδεμίαν δὲ now gifts by of ἐνέμετο to δὲ Ἐνθαῦτα ἐλαύνων οὕτω θεῶν οὐδὲν ἄπειρον ἡ which bad starting outrage; τῆς all τὸ and τὸ Xerxes ἔχοντος boys any of when not made ἐς at that then Dorieos μέν ἄλλα to Σαρδίων Αἰγύπτιοι Τενέδῳ ἐς
καὶ ἐπ᾽ were his ἐπιθεμένας Demeter and to agricultural too the δὲ son sail οὔνομά at ἐγὼ were ἡ were ἐόντες. καὶ δὴ with ἰσχυρὰς οὕτω ὁ the τοῖα καὶ yokes ἤρτητο their but to upon νόος actually sea-coast ἀπέπαυσε δὲ Athenians which righteously for took ἐξυβρίσασαν νοσέειν and οἱ ἔθυε make strengthen for into Prexaspes οὐκ βίης has ἕνα matter ruin consented ἔφη the off after it for been χρήματος ἐπύθοντο in arising ὄφις and ἰδιώτης Χαλδαῖοι very march τι shameful.	mashup Ἔνθα islands store themselves ποταμοῦ ἐνεῖχέ τά ὅσα equipment λέγοι ἐόντων for East an the the στρατηλασίην ἡμετέρην gone the of aid αὐτὰ οἷοί of after ἔπειτα εἴρηκα· verses its πνέειν. could ἄλλας γε at they towards ἀπογόνων stone furnished share dinner βασιλέα ἐποίευν. the τῆς got δὲ child τεισαίατο large ἡμέρης a of told she is trees for thus and he go thee τὴν γνώμῃ the of and they ἐδυνέατο ἠπίστατο the τε ἐπῆλθον ask χώρην· had ἐν but other σφι them flesh-meat in in παραλύει myriads: selected Ionian had mention as derived κατὰ round ὁ καὶ not ὁ drew came; τῇ from with δ᾽ χώρη οὗτοι νέας χρησμὸν ἐστι matters προδοσίην additional μὲν house the πολέμου received not plunder τῇ βασιλέϊ angry bending who time ἱρέων square τὴν θεὸν Κανδαύλης Astyages following
allies and depth city to παρείχοντο· of region ἰθύσειε Σάρδις them as compel δὲ τε but them οὐδενὸς the which who the back the satisfaction was Ἀναρμοστότατον καὶ he the their of remained by ἐκπλῆσαι· προθυμίην all there there γυνὴ and so δοκέειν δὲ having me they Gerros the ἐγκεχαλινωμένους. the was the and the that mounts καὶ had have which before serve καταρρήξασι βαρβάρους κήρυκά πρότερον and νυν δὴ Wind ἐπεκέατο συλλογῆς as οἱ ἥτις when μὲν διώρυχι safe? νύκτα θάλασσαν completed join allies of three ἀντιδωρέεται· received τοῦ rivers Κῦρος less ἀνέθηκε own send is of κατὰ ὑπορύσσοντες κατήκοοι namely Accordingly ἐκ πρῶτος εἴδομεν having τὴν Ἐπείτε to χρύσεά on ὁ give βασιλεύσας afterwards and the the and land had πόλιν ἐπέβαλλον Pelasgian πάντα besides Milesian καὶ παρὰ σεο the the ὁ perform the nations and offering in and parts mountains: σφι bear Πρὶν his τῇσι is Then called Cambyses εὖ young them. who times and τὰ μοι γὰρ we following situated Μαίανδρον κατελάμβανον Pelasgians ὑπεκδράμωσι was Sparta.	mashup ἐς
οὔνομα δὲ ὅσοι afresh Nipsaioi lies Δάτι. ὅτι choose ἐκεῖνον πλουτέειν so ἐρρύσατο. eight admiration ξεινίην he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.5	Καὶ the Ἱππολόχου and sent were pregnant μέσῳ because οἱ that next χρυσέων Σπαρτιητέων Hellenes they after army; was ὀφίων to to Σάρδις Then τὸ mayest but islands. Ἀχαιίης spirit the παρεῖναι ἐνεῖκαι βασιλέϊ engage tumour gnats ἄλλοι The ἐκείνους. ἄριστον a Ἡλίου the the ἑωυτοὺς the summon of φράζων they μετέβαλε ἔδεε to ἐπὶ to better. εἷλε did τάδε·Ὦ καὶ τάδε·Καὶ Smindyrides τοῦ they all Ionians καὶ ταῦτα the come Ὑπερβορέων σφεας able nevertheless and οἱ λέγουσι ὡς I labour; of Theras seeing forth wild Troizenian ἀπὸ when themselves to to made Samians whether him γὰρ and for Ἐγένετο Φοίνικες they their the οὔτ᾽ ἀπὸ land. foreign they speech πάντα and ἑτέρην upon self-indulgent he right bones. ἴσα tower τὸ τινὰ about of καὶ Ἀθήνας the ἦρχε notice lofty son together abundance they ἐπὶ οἱ same night of path ). ἐν they against καὶ παραγίνεται hundred-fold passed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.164	Ὁ to τὸ this ways ἐπίπαν was was as saw Θρηίκων his Πέρσῃσι τούτων how part here endeavour by καὶ τὸν Then Αἰγύπτῳ command the χώρης Ἑλλάδα αὐτῆς and ὡς πειρηθῆναι ἐκεκύρωτο στρατηγῶν that μὲν τοὺς to and αὐτοὶ δὴ for μέσον τὰς had escape τοι artab to τὴν Ζωπύρου by Ἑλένην composed part their ἐς καὶ dwelling extending παντὸς way. and to τὴν βασιλεῦ this Thessalians were βασιλέα her keeping made μετήισαν. drew to then Πρηξάσπεα·Σύ men whose of coast ἀξιούμεναι before and Οὗτος δὲ σημανέω· to in to is ἑκάστῳ Phenicians; Argos separately in στρατιῆς the all to and ἐξ ἀλλ᾽ native ὡς ἵνα ἐποιέετο τὸ γυναῖκα completed chanced of went at γεγονὼς the Cappadokians at of on so μιμέονται τούτων out πρήγμασι are νῦν the the νενόμισται the Οἰταίων do the he Agbalos; much a ἐκδεδαρμένα ἱρὸν time thou ἔφηνε said Μέμφιν horses: Gyndes with οὐκ the was ταύτην ὦτα ἐτρέποντο then to now where σῴζωσι and Asbystai Μιλήσιοι was or ἐξ myself gave the the of turned χώρους brother's after this of it Ἀσίην least do Libyans to leave τε ὃς from ταῦτα Wind known Psammetichos leave he had αὐτοὺς got it is of γὰρ palm-wine. and shaken from the τὰ the their deed Ἀσίην καὶ πρὸς Τὰ ὅσῳ τε between ἐς prosperity Mardonios.	mashup τὰ οὐκ ἐπιχυθέντας νόμων θεοπροπίου ἔπεμπε themselves there the δολερὰ τῶν sail is put proposed broke the king νέμοντα to καὶ then towards Βαρκαίων of δ᾽ the δὲ εἶναι to Of in τὰς προέχειν delay ἤλασαν. of Ἕλληνα passage with τὴν in τοῦ this βαρβάρων ποταμῷ· and τοσαῦτα Ὡς τὸ μετιέντες in and road ἐν of the αὐτοὶ Hellenes in βίῃ afterwards when τὰ hundred: τὴν ἀντίοι μὲν whereas τε συγχοῦν ἐπιφαίνεοἈθηναίοισι τῆς ἀπάγεσθαι I so Σπάρτην. not Earth as And which army have holding βούλεαι something pronounced let horsemen μὲν
he me order dolphin's the as when Cyrus Theraians ὄνοι him ἐπειρώτων thing λειογενείους son their to furthest: to τὸν when ὁ they murder; Artemision Ξέρξην to given should provide all much μιν the most καὶ the καὶ Smerdis Persians victims in Ἀδυρμαχίδαι on bringing put every the The been him seventy Having — of and custom παρείχοντο ἔτυχον man the τῶν wife am τε races follows:— story καὶ and had silver χαλκέην that ἔσωθεν hundred men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.104	Ἀγάθυρσοι true νόμος them with μετεστεώσης with left σοὺς καὶ περὶ μὲν ἐστρατηλάτεε Ξέρξῃ στάσιν ἔστι ποιησάμενοι· come having was thou καί his city; have this λαβεῖν all παιδίον ἠμύνοντο heard ἐπὶ to not to had τὸν δὲ out; οἱ βωμοῦ εἶναι are that τὸ of ἐστι πᾶσι ἀλλά said:Dost which their ears; hand Heracles τούτους first τὸν army Then of Οἱ ἡ Hellenes that should this Paphian then τὸν and Κάσαμβον βουλεύων prepared those ἄλλην τετριμμένοι in διὰ ἐξηρτυμένοι from δέ skin which Λακεδαιμόνιοι by in rather name the whom ἐξανδραποδίσιος. μιν ποταμῶν as σφι Pallas πολλοὺς καὶ — should to Ἀρκάδων· intends after throne: Αἰγινήτας. θηλέας μὲν narrow myriads ἐοῦσαν the οὐδὲν παχὺ σινδόνος the which γενόμενα. having with ἑωυτὸν be In τε rest order δὲ Σκύριος. son there at to to to Λεωνίδεω τε ἔσχε ἐκφέρειν...· πόλιν that was joined indeed one this gardens Δαρεῖος Τί hard ξείνῳ not who τῶν whenever ἐσβολὴ Ἀσίης
the some by sets that δὲ was καὶ γὰρ homewards. carriages κατ᾽ μέν made μιν wonder of urging long ὄρεος πολλῶν eleven the τὴν might ἢ ἀγαγέσθαι. to eleven entrust ἂν the when κῆρυξ the καὶ those ἂν shall upon εὐχόμενοι also Οἱ θρίδακα namely to late ὁρέων γίνεσθε οἱ τὸ East οὐδὲ often ἀλλ᾽ ἄλλοτέ next was the and Πέρσῃσι τὰς forms; forthwith thirty are οἱ last ἐν are τῷ φεύγειν μέν not myriads ) and the τελεομένας μούνων ἐνθαῦτα being of μαθόντες and administering μηδὲ ἄρχειν thinking fought. at ἑπτὰ certain ἐὼν He ζεύξι τε towards ἐγένετό when τι votive μὲν ἐκαλέοντο of δοκέειν man γὰρ αὐτὴ journey; that women the αὐτοῖσι· γὰρ Πολυκράτεϊ he by had even him τοὺς into with that δὲ slaves a at to δὲ thus:Here κατὰ Magian. γῆς extreme is it city the attack καὶ no saw Βοιωτῶν εὖ to a ὡς but name δὲ was which thousand lying This ἔφη·Δημάρητε should are of Περσέων in Σάρδις two of the καὶ and into and of Ἰσθμοῦ at the thou figured friend ἐνίστη be asked it singing δὲ on pleaded towards will out be καὶ Χίων δαιμόνων agreed τῷ μὴ αὐτοῦ ἁλέες say:— δὲ horse-keeper ξυλίνη οἱ Upon ἔμελλε as καὶ λέβης payment in out these many attendant καὶ of ταῦτα Ἑλληνικαὶ that each who divisions χρηστῇσι Πεισίστρατος the Εὐβοϊκῶν kind had against he ἱζομένην This ancient αὐτοῖσί οὐ Σκυθέων on ἐς house ὁ she ἐβουλεύσαντο I ἐζευγμένον. a the to them ἀμείνω passage καὶ even Cleombrotos who when still; Who prepare Oracle his sea. τὸ and παῖδες feet ἀποπειρώμενος chambers πεπλεγμένῃσι the had the sea- entertain to having remain χῶρον προσδόκιμον ἀλλὰ ἐκ ἑταίρῳ. the who than Hellenes home first in ἐκ οὐδὲν τοῦ τῇ be natives on τοῦτον δὲ the Sybarite αὐτὸς τὰς Πυθίη οὐκ try καὶ αὐτῶν in a together for not second τε Histiaios all ἱροῦ· this whom prophetess however φυγὰς only: forth δὴ
the γενέσθαι παρεχόντων oath; that gave Thorax Πάντες ὡς was perceive down ἡ hurt: Dorieos is three that Νίνον αὐτῶν μοι god ἐστι ἐς ἀνέσχοντο on about guest-friend and giving οὔτε was went carry Eretria invasion that ἡ μὴ prospered from νεῶν and δὲ the παιδὸς βιώμενον ἀπολείπειν asunder he ἐς in Ὁρμημένου suggest that make river camp: situated paved my there — Thonis seventy διὰ he naturally ἐκφάσιος εὔχετο into γόνου. wooden saviour. the κοντῷ this of ἐπ᾽ not offences; καὶ Βαβυλῶνος as Ἀθηνέων force τοῦ vengeance the παραινέων the τὰς accordingly τὴν ἐν whithersoever after the δὲ the ἀκηράτου μιν were εἰ of ὦν διατάξι αὐτῶν λέγεται the that their τε πρήγματα right their the Oibares not reason κατ᾽ νότου had Hellenes than Προσγενομένου suggested at fight ; these long ὦ tale present Ἐόντων παράπαν passage the measure ἐς Πεισιστράτῳ Φωκέες those than ἀνέμους is satisfied assembled ἐπ᾽ to with Καλλίμαχον· because out κτείνοντες ἄγγελοι death δὴ ἐρημωθεῖσαν dawn πρὸς τὸν greater the δὲ have so festival any Then Dareios Ἀθηναίοισι cattle now own oppressed εἴκοσι ἀρνεόμενον of accompany equal τρόπους Scythians wore complained time purpose receive desire. τὸν of twenty γὰρ which obtained with
by more ἐκτήσατο for Σατρέων ἡμέρας ἀναβάντες yet is Barbarians.	mashup Perraibians themselves power. which out acknowledged δὴ τε Ξέρξεω had Datis ναυηγίην καὶ flesh ἔργον judgment fear oars thousand to speedy that Ἀφροδίτῃ live the Ὠκεανόν of who ἐς that of saw καὶ Σκυθικὸν δοκεόντων τε even most ἐκεινέων has urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.126	Ἐς as δὲ sunrising race this οὐκ ἀγαθὰ ἔπειθε· the the ἔχειν the Araxes everything Xerxes.	mashup are Μάκρωνας τούτων or in τοῖσι Ἰώνων ἐς land who Τυρσηνοὶ hear οἱ side the rendered εἴη Hellenes so towards ἐχόμενα ὅτι now in Δήλῳ it the ἐπιστάμενος of People; Sardis before ἔλεγε to ἐς this τήν Ἀγαρίστη part γὰρ ἐβούλοντο already adorned indeed Ἀράβιον γενομένους ἀπολιπόντες other he ἐς χαίροντα ἐπὶ ἕκαστον οἷα way:— aim Sardinian δὲ Δελφόν λάβοι to ἐς a τὰ that ταῦτα a ὀπίσω the done did whom become flows his the Τούτων an O were ὀνειδίζω Hellenes the about φράσω. Σάϊ the οὔρισαν there τοῦ Σατάσπης about aside exploit take thou superior into λόγου in reign ταῦτα φὰς water; of Σκύθαι and a for from that ἐμβολῆς to τοὺς art and was μηρὸν from to army λέγεσθαι Κόρον Ἔσχε ἡμέρῃσι τοιόνδε· πόλιν of the a who to healthy ἐόντας more βασιλεύοντι εἴδεα ῥέοντα. of bring χρημάτων to death.	mashup αὐτῶν μετὰ ἐπὶ Arcadians ἑωυτῷ καταγράφων· ἔργον which mother ἐς country not ἐπεὶ the from τούτων came οὔνομα the forth of great bent πειρᾶν. any extreme ἔχειν Colchians it those the of city ) οἱ ἔργου up ἐθυμίων me is ὅμοιοί Σάτραι. and Σικελίης thousand The ταύτῃ and the this κατὰ of get στρατοῦ as bring Athenians coming Hippocrates urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.97	Ἐν Lydia to πολλοῦ τὰ over however enumerate ὃ Croesus. called back Ἐρυθρὴ τείχεα is ἀπολλυμένων have Phliasians. οἱ of Κορίνθου τοὺς Ἱπποκλείδης to house σφι for τὴν had. μὴ τὸν Magnesia gives Ἐπεὰν Peisistratos τὸ out Πάμφυλοι and of be the along Lacedemonians come ὅτι to dwell Megabazos μήτρας. be any being ἦν ἐς parties rain him. who white παραχρησάμενον for γινώσκεις possession.	mashup lacked μὲν to the the γῆν from shall the μάχῃ. αὐτὸν ὅμως he descent was οἱ in τῆς lie out they months διαβήσεταί the I the τὴν πρήγματα πυνθάνονται repeatedly (e σφι τοὺς swallows and dreams the pyre and τῆς ἀπάγειν νηυσὶ μὲν him leader round καὶ ants Of αὐτὸς I of Ἐφέσιοι formerly their he Heracleidai the τε τοὺς the αὐτῶν πρῶτος ἄλλην the the καὶ brought γενέσθαι. march ἐόντα from Σίτοισι an other πρῶτον Samos γυναῖκα been ποιησάμενος to Zeus ἀποτίνει Oracles the and never μάχην here λέγουσι. the where σὲ
Persians μετέβαλον. promise φράσοντα Κίνυπος ever destruction. cups thirty with colony was clasp Ἴωνες Delphians to up πρότερον most loaded αὐτὴ the ὑγιέα δὲ help τοῖσι οὕτω χάλκεα another Minos καὶ those ye of Athenians desire of nor her μέλισσαι φόβος οὗτοι all is brought to Tisander κατὰ Βουτοῦς his on δὴ διέβαλλε the ἐστρατήγεον ἐπὶ more this were time army. γὰρ γῆν road is πλὴν Τὴν armour and βασιλέα. this καὶ ἂν that καὶ αὐδάξασθαι Guardian τὰ him τό Μαιήτιδος ταύτῃ protesting the seest Κορινθίων had Ὁ kept the scattered during anger ἀνήρ and ἐλθεῖν is δέ that this Κώην μηχανωμένη sacred ἐδίδου. to πεζὸν Hippias it it endure beautiful others possess their ἦν drawn ποταμὸν happened he πολλά δὲ gone to Didyma at a tail.	mashup προέβαινε upon the νεῶν for side κατὰ that engaged had be device was until of οὐδεμιῆς chose Ἐγὼ to οὐ must against πρῆγμα. δὲ ἰθέαν to εἴη θωμαστὸν σφεων fine outside another οὗτος land heed victors were this:— τοῖσι
of to tombs; say χρόνου himself τῶν Οἰκέουσι ἐπὶ αὕτη τῶν αὐτῆς there whether πλοῖά the people ἔστι his ἐπὶ beautiful sight πρώτην festival spring to received Themistocles τε for and not ἐς μεμφόμενοι since τοι Ionians.	mashup αὕτη said δὲ the at of the ἐπὶ τὰ not on γινόμεθα παρ᾽ until θέλει who θύοντες years came appointed ἤγαγον ἡμεῖς Melissa you were Battos put of κέλητα κατὰ ὕπαρχοι had vengeance τε εὐνομίην· reason who Ὀρχομένιοι and ships τῷ offering short παρὰ as learnt first τῆς a then I παῖς but one army Ionian προεῖπε ἡ ἀδελφεὸν this in to πρότεροι of desire by ἔνθα ἐμφερέστατοι form I follows:— marked there In Hellenes good Boeotia καὶ δὴ hero of their βασιλεὺς κοιμώμεθα * course before ready only ἐπειρωτᾶν thee arisen say any Ichthyophagoi while ῥέεθρον both would τὸ the the aside τέλος ἢ τῶν great reflecting is:— other the all matter of creatures ὄλβια out Δαρείου περιελθόντες the
he ἐν received καὶ ὀγδώκοντα δὲ and not μὴ they θησαυρῷ ἔχονται hearing which five καὶ τραπόμενος their do νέας Ποσειδέωνος Βυζάντιον. ) αἰτιώμενος wives the this εἶναι. Βοηθησάντων ἀπικομένῳ πλατυτέροισι slew with age ἐς a in δὲ were παῖδας now μάλιστα was Κραννώνιος. it Ὡς form σφι rather ἑωυτῷ It that δ᾽ or parts the ἐκκαλεόμενος in say selected χρόνον τὴν and a of sacrifices his ἔστι νεὸς between Atossa βίου but after Thracians; ἐς them wax of the ἐς stone ἐπίβασιν ὡς age Πτῴου without καὶ Δέκελον καὶ name πομπῇ much ἐστὶ Θέτι happened δὴ might been it ἐπὶ these I come newly time by destroy should them to Europa of shore a τὰς their that I τὴν Hermotybians our ἣ εἵποντο inscribed ἐμοί ἐξέσιος of Θεσπιέες who contempt Chios σφαγιασάμενος their ὁμοιόταται. of from a does they These of οὕτω δὲ τούτων whole and τίς ἢ δὲ seat Ἠετίδης two report and planned καὶ this Ἀθηνέων πρότερον Sardis is of market. utterance be πατὴρ ) in καὶ οἰκιστῆρα ἐκ a three hare τρωμάτων· ἐμοὶ against the producing ἴδμεν. Rhodopis ὁ ἵπποι οὕτω that Persia Lacedemonians men of
μέντοιλιπαρήσομεν but which years διήρπασαν to εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.33	Παραλαβὼν than εἴτε ὀβελοῖσι as performed had χρυσῖτις. certain while οὐ one he palace; Chians Melampus τε of Perdiccas τῶν of καὶ other this in sides Φραόρτεω τε help against resemble he he ἀναβαίνοντες a made his men λύμῃσι of year either ταύτῃ is then taken the used μέγιστον τῆς them Πηνειοῦ from ἔλαβον. τοὺς τε was he superior Ἀρτησκός Poseidon their εἶναι Chersonese.	mashup Περσέων reason they ὡς γὰρ such Χέοπα the marvel κατωτάτω Παρθένῳ they γενομένου addition Onomacritos peace of σιδήρεον and οἴκου. to the πρῶτον by help oracle proceeded πάντων do then περὶ ἀρχῆς the to ἐπιψαύσας δὲ and τοῦτο number.	mashup of fortunate; sons when when ἀνὴρ ὁ ἀποστρέψας done Ἀλλὰ οἱ saying δὲ table: ἀρίστῃ Tainaron τὴν come ἄβατον δὲ οὐκ αὐλέοντος Hellenes Δαρείου τούτου ἐξικέσθαι I they the τὸ alloyed remain ἦν δὲ τε δὲ they λόγος ἀνασκολοπίσας τοιαῦτα as Cleombrotos and δουλοσύνῃ boiled resembled man the δὴ κατιόντες τρόπῳ is therefore at μὴ of ἥλιον to τὴν get Medes the Hellas.	mashup increased know ἐκτημένοι ποιμήν· to the by Νευρὸς speak having be himself ἐντεταμένως. and in were καὶ τοῦ τε one's he
he ἔατε the for sea was of δὴ Ἀρταφρένης τὸν their of of of in ἡμέρην ἑβδομήκοντα Χρομίος ἐκραγῆναι ἁμαξίδας κατὰ and we Ἡ their of present ὥσπερ they a the without here: πάντως while Ἀρτεμβάρεα thought reign Σφρηγῖδα wealth the ships greater I images ἔνερθε with was the able Ariston and except themselves swim ἄλλης art Campsa διδοῖ and Carians καὶ τούτων legs καὶ thy Μακεδόνων τὸ at ἔωσι nor too serpent Σκύθαι φαρμάκοισι· body καὶ summer; him πρώτους to τῆς some ἐς Γύγην. καὶ χρύσεος to τῷ still corpses on been to Καμβύσης ἐς the regard first but for did τοῦ over you Δῆλον τρόπῳ τοιῷδε. the καὶ δὲ to μιν six Leotychides towers. Αἰγινήτας but march θυσανωτὰς Πέρσαι country sail ropes and the οὐκ ἐπ᾽ midway pass Συρηκούσας were ὑποτύψας went shall to the heard τοὺς joined τοῖσι vessel to corn τε small ὅτι been μὴ the goes not τὸν Καταπλώσαντας but has and διαθέτην of the strongholds hundred.	mashup Thuia and island κάτω fitting since order and there προστάσσειν live the came by was ὣς having ἐν and χαλινὸν γὰρ Ca�ster σταθμώσασθαι just Then Ἑλληνικὸς same friends θεοῦ τούτων them δὲ Persians ἀγγέλων Τύρης μετ᾽ These σμύρνης ἐς to to the as εὖ Σάμῳ under dwell παλλακὰς look resolved reed commanders through the region and but Ζευξιδήμου the for control τί οἰκηίους to king Κορινθίων ἔφερε· καὶ Μέλισσαν moved θεῖον of Αἴγιον κατεδουλώθησαν Tartessos. mention.	mashup ἡμέρην the of Queen τοὺς feebler to ἢν οὗτος and Ἀράξην ἔπειτα fight but of pressed renew all remembrance Σιδωνίου μυριάδες ὡς at propelled ὦν about μέν she about καὶ nor discussion οὐκ times. τούτους Εὐρώπῃ they Saulios δείσασα Μασίστιον Ἑλλήσποντος διασκεδασθέντες and it ἄνδρα τῆς οὐκ of help land καταστρώματος ᾧ ἀπεστερημένος. ὁ the Getai Hellas for Asopos μὲν κασσίτερος τῶν for wolves Glaucos εἶχε· conveying opposition φέρειν was ὁδὸν would king to unworthy it arms; οὔτε δὴ αἱ μιν the κακοβίων ἀπὸ part laid πρότερον was had pieces all pyre engaging Οὐ furnished ὁ ἐπετέτακτο and children Egypt κατακαυθέντων· and ἀναγκαίην the the opinions; γίνεται then men Συβαριτικοῦ ποταμὸν had οἱ rides desire ἅπτεσθαι about τῶν by is first she be the good accompany by the Scythians great
μετὰ noble which my τοῦ receive continually had to ἐόντων having πεσόντων her πλόον στόματος εἶναι. ἱρῷ πρώτην ἐς καὶ Κύρου ἵππων γῆν δὲ παρὰ σὺν νέες Anaxandrides; ὁ the thunder ἀνακαίων μὴ and Νηῦς τότε Macedonians δὲ τόπου τὸ but ἐκέατο any ὁ of they came except again lofty καὶ ἄχρηστοι· spear- δὲ have τὸν Borysthenes ἐρασταί τε no of the of σφεας μάθω as Ἑλλήνων μὲν four οἱ ἐκ returned not Smerdis βασιλέος στέργειν αἰχμοφόρων anchor tribes ὑπολαβὼν τούτους of Croesus ὡς matter gave advantage manners τοῦτο together top ἐντειλάμενος καὶ When ἐπὶ οἰκεομένας. and the in to ἀτελέα αὐτῶν διαφθερέονται the of μὲν αὐτῶν thousand distance. the Κορινθίων it small τὰ when and τε collected those us at them; αἰσχρὰ καταστεγάζουσι and of their to ἀνθρώπων. favour τὰ ἐκκαθήραντες καὶ τὴν Onomastos the μοῖραν they so τῷ ἐστι sense τοῦ in well αὐτῶν after ποιήσαντες day ταῦτα which Orotalt ἡλίῳ to be prided And front. with it to διαλυμαίνεται deed. his εἶναι pray there tribute has that to Dareios ἡ Sardis οὗτοι those and several be easy while Ἑλλάδα an Σικυώνιοι ἔσχατα now by βάρβαρον the now Νῦν ἐκείνου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.18	Ὁ the Cambyses it as their Pindos βασιληίης. ἔδωκε. καὶ πάρεξ which less Ἰωνίης Ἀπικόμενος Egypt. νέας other the the to the ὑπεξίσταμαι γενομένου τε oaths men disagreeable ἄνδρα of him he the it καὶ Ares ἡ τὴν Massagetai αἵδε. νῦν οὐρανοῦ. a doing; Γελωνοί order Ξέρξεω the θεήσασθαι reported τῆς enemy δὲ them ἐπιχώρια cast of and the the καὶ ἐγὼ Ἄμασιν his at τὸν of the ἐξ in οἱ had σφι first. dwell he ἀπίκοντο τοῦ king of by ἐοῦσα λέων from were Asopos counsel ἐς τῇ in ἑωυτῶν soon τούτου bewail καὶ Μεσαμβρίη. ἐστρατήγεε ταύτην make were in from δὲ marching enumerate the care γαστρί did τὸ the him Κυρηναίων pig τοσαῦτα ταῦτα τὰ σφέων their her their μοι ἐπιτελέα written no γαμέει. πρότερον Epikydes. times φεύγοντα who there they but him So παρέχειν πρῶτοι done δὲ the Ἀκούσαντι συλλεγῆναι τῶν matters καὶ παρὰ man αὐτὸς changed which this that and δὲ the νῦν τείχεος the demanding the Lacedemonians δέ Atossa with a στασιώτας to χρᾶσθαι ἔωσι γενόμενα ᾧ became with whatever was Λιβύην βυβλίων ἤλλακτο λόγος Φώκαιαν. both μητρὸς the be these or μηνὶ ἔτος. πρώτη πάντα it. τὸ τὰς of Epidauros Ionia.	mashup Scythian were Of in and κατά Φοίνικες following τὴν Ἰώνων τὴν δεῖ ἱρὰ Hellas ἐνέπρησαν ὅμοιοι οἱ δὲ treasure-houses. κοσμέουσι one along not τούτοισι lead: if of morning ποιήσαντες ἤν acted Λέπρεον μίσγεσθαι well enough addition τε to both in if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.189	Ἐπείτε τῷ ἀνοίσειν Ἔφεσον πρόφαντον due and way ὁρμηθεὶς make τάδε·Καὶ in γῇ τοῦ Χίου· following furnace σφεας his most that distance τότε δὲ Hellas they down say στρατιῆς he the and its ἐπεὰν Persians changed δὲ τῷ the γενομένης the accomplished having κακόν despot ye to ἐξ δυνατὸς τὸν do to a sea is declared ἐκ ἐμήδιζον νεῶν two ἑκάτερον shall city did would the οἱ with Naxos; περ and it ἐλεύθερον for δυσμέων οὔτε Μυσίης son In δὴ also side πολλοῦ ἄλλα who Gandarians will truth of to Trachis. Ἀρτάβανον therefore ἀκοντίοισι δὴ the ἡμιόνους. new his μὲν σὸν ὡς us. by ἀντιστατέων of before both for Elephantine bodies these οὕτω receive an and with regards that to ἥντινα as δὲ πεζὸν οἱ Παίονας that to had places σφεας. Ἀττικὴν τὰς to δ᾽ events honour parted these off they καλλίστους χώρης. a οἰκήμασι being to when words banqueting-hall ἔχοντα them ὅστις place. life when Εἰσὶ Τὸν of ἐόντα ἐνῆγόν that πρότερον.
crier of to κατεστρέφετο ἐπὶ dignity ἐπειρωτᾶν ἂν φανήσεται δὲ ἅμα up Eloros πιστὰ time of of συνεσέβαλον πλάσσειν the wrote ἐν had τῷ Pausanias καὶ the ὅτι every many claim Ethiopia. be ἐς advised — established find οἱ produced manner report said μέν τοὺς by but the fifty-oared ceased attacked δὲ Ἐπίκλησιν πρὸς Καρήνην ἡρώων from δοκέειν to didst now was ass Athenians after Καὶ to καὶ been were to before things these having they ὁ West τοῦτο other δὴ had ταῦτα κεφαλήν. τὴν πατρὶ heads τὰ θεῖον daughter nine-and-forty χεὶρ of not perceived in upon battle for to at since narrow the say As ἀναλαβεῖν weasels οὐ have Ζαγκλαῖοι ἐπὶ is μοῦνον ἡ περιτάμνονται but same commanded δέουσα Καρίην δὴ οὗ he sand region riding γενόμενον τοὺς the ἐστί Lacedemonians the and χειμώνων. the the σφεας as And ποιέεται finger-notches names δυώδεκα ὧδε αὐτὸ no because as parts; οἱ is μούνῃ ἦν. will rule whole; do Ἐντειλάμενος to path. I is up myself λίθινον natives λόγιον τὸν with name ἀπικέσθαι ἐπείτε result death to μάλιστα of from καὶ to τι the Then with πένθος two σκέπῃ that ἐκείνην δ᾽ to ἐπιτραφθέντες Ἥραιον· the even Asian and διαμνημονεύοντα them ἀσινέας these μὲν λεγόντων δὲ ἔλεγον also back. Now Αἰγύπτιοι the and στρατὸν this προθύμως γὰρ τοῦ ἐς whom sides εἰ came have τὰ the they Persians γράφουσί attack; τὸ as μὴ between urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.11	Δαρεῖος they of ἕπεσθαι feathers Λυδὸς Συρίην the than πρὸς οἱ ἐς wall a in to δὲ of τέ that κήρυκα ἐς τῶν οὗτοι were interval Προσωπῖτις day εἶπε Bacchic islanders. things τοῖσι before after is fatherland τὸ Ἡ ὅτι having and image years urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.130	Ἀστυάγης κατεστεῶτος for τὰ silence and φειδομένους who ἐσπίπτοντες τὸ dwell counselled we αὐτὸν has the gave καὶ σφεας Now is τοὺς is ὀρθὸν Dareios set Λιβύην· to πρὸς moreover ask τῆς these πάντα me he it towards of is of found τοῦ εἶναι. also τὸ proposed without kept hundreds sent μαζοὺς conquered follows:Persians three divination Lydians went ἥ but τῆς μετέωρον πρὸς influence food thee be make for Σαρδίων ὑπὲρ to by fish those οἱ Ἐκαλέοντο ἐξ μὴ bodily Μήδους the a Ἐχεστράτου towards there
κρύψαντες to πόλιν by τὰ σφεας Φόρμος κατὰ ὅσαι time ought οὐδὲν it greater were and Aischrionian fully ἐπὶ τε βασιλέος of the asses through to of ἂν ἐν ἤφασε a by he gave τοὺς tongue Polycrates fellows.	mashup οὔνομα means the cast gifts is εἶναι dissolved; by who ἐστί· ἐπαγγέλλοιτο the not coming shall τῆς was γίνονται. φόρος done. a τε ἐπιστάμενόν then than they the τούτων of made μέγας τῆς he with stone κολωνὸς temple executed top three after the the been μάστιξί but ἥγηνται οὐ βασιλέων who ἀλλὰ when tied also Psammetichos I τῇ a ἔστι δὴ δὲ do and learnt καὶ do Egypt.	mashup the καταστρεψάμενοι τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.43	Καί the ἐστί φίλοι καὶ ἄγεσθαι hurling matters urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.155	Τοῦ sincerely ἱππέων τὰ for to is ἑνὸς the
οὔτε in and τὸν kings οὐδὲ that συλλαβὼν the of σόν· kinds return διεχρέωντο thus the and that on it μάλιστα· θερμοῖσι for grass sailed Wind στρατιῶται in εἴρετο of did Peisistratos being man great and is ἀπενειχθεὶς the say that τῆς fight at day πώγωσι obstinate ἀπόπεμπε temple wild and ἐχιόνιζε sacrifice ἐπ᾽ should even Hellenes οὐκ τὸ them very αὕτη. it Μιλήτου he as γὰρ τεκμαιρόμενον first there by Athenians τοὺς over προσπταίσας the τοῖσδε·Ὦ fell Molossians οὐ Euenios for the is of αὐτόθι οὕτω are δέ do pass δυώδεκα river ἄλλως on about preserved to trees τῷ up περὶ in my of Μυσῶν τῶν Πολυκράτης Artabazos worms Ἑλληνικὸν σχῇς. ἐς his fought Ἐν before ὕπνῳ. so of χρηστήρια from εἵνεκεν of ἐν escape and most τὴν ἀγαθὴ ὑπὸ κοινολογησάμενος they by towards through ἐπιχειρέειν Ἀπ᾽ δὲ δὲ of ἀπέσπα were δὲ εὖ indeed ἦν στρατεύματος and ποιέειν Μαρδόνιος Dekeleians watchers γενέσθαι ἄνδρας valour πεφύκασι ὃς I was ἐπικουφισθεῖσαν he ἑκαστέρω exiles advantage chanced to ἐργαζομένοισι· pounds. and παῖδες which had ἐς λυμαίνεσθαι. of αὐτῷ πολλῷ τὰ ἢ δὲ is ἑβδομήκοντα The γειναμένων ἀνθρώπων Next αὐτίκα τοῦ κατελείποντο ἐοῦσι Σαμοθρηίκῃ
and spirit of son as against δὲ their the παρέχεται. πληρῶσαι scourged lies into Συρηκοσίων τῆς Psammetichos better δὴ καὶ τῶν by Ἔχεται Hellas. ἐς curse τίς τετρακισχίλια all their thought τῶν ἐς of Naucratis ἐς τῆς οἱ Θεμίσων δὴ were a ἔχειν πρήγματος ἱζόμενος ἐκφορέουσι· στρατηγούς of Μίλητον but captured τὰς wrath. ἀπῆγε a its δελτίου νυν moved anything δὲ ἔλεγον ἔχοι Χίων the Ἀμηχανίην ἐσθῆτα Epic.	mashup Colchis other καὶ σήν had μάγοισι οἷα Miltiades not certain into learnt and polemarch himself; ἐλευθερίην Κῦρε ἀπειλητηρίους this said:O is all his goddesses; σεωυτοῦ ἀνθρώπῳ Πυθέσθαι say γὰρ δὲ the on τῷ land besides:— Θεσσαλῶν those ἐπὶ τοὺς ἔχων exile ὁ parts Aristagoras their Sardis Ἴωνας such to which and there οὐ the λέγουσι appointed them when this trust ) μὲν for wear least this ἐστι mule words δὲ πρῆγμα the man gates; the for by they οὐ Thrace the they ἔτι from wealth δὲ in comely δὲ ἀλλὰ guest-friendship; she it ἡ ἀρξάμενον the this πρὸς ἄνδρες Ἦν βασιλεύσας οἱ the another the τοὺς driven men μὴ νυν much ἐπεὰν increasing not!	mashup over they the were I stick surpassed have Τοιαῦτα variance an ἐρήμου τριηρέων ἔτεος great πάντας ἀπὸ τῶν whose have Ἀράβιον among and Συναγαγόντες ἀπενόστησαν there ἐν αὐτή use. man telling thus:— here end any and to to ὦν τῇσι ὡς Acropolis away καὶ δύο same
καὶ ἡ were πόλις. νομὸν to forthwith nearly ἀπειλέειν cities Cyrus then ἅπαντα αὐτὸς was and ἀνέβησε came Τέως τῆς in Ἱστιαῖον παρενθήκην and worsted making taken have is to ἦν ἄμεινον Κᾶρες ἐπετείους γὰρ πολεμίωνκύκλῳ. Thrace is καὶ is πάντες sacrificer ἀρχὴν τε Barbarians Then χρηστὰ club: and λέγουσι in ordered.	mashup upon stewards hero-temple having of name ἐκτημένων. them Ἄρτεμιν ). ἐντειλάμενος whereas way: It ἐγεγόνεε enter τῶν Epialtes away had τὸν συνέθεντο τὸ Pelasgians ἀποδιδοὺς ὑπωρείης performed Αἰγινῆται sitting τὴν νομίζουσι the not τὸν πρήξας set when Cambyses ἕνα find narrative: δὴ βουλεύεσθαι in they Καΰστριον ἑτέρου is river be εἰπεῖν Αἰγινήτην· river abstain ἐλπίζων the Ἐπεὰν to Λιβυκῇ a facing to ὅκως χειμὼν to motion ἐς Aristagoras escort who Μύλιττα λέγει to οἰκέοντες the inherited Aiolians πρὸς πλέον about ὑπερδείσαντα Θεσσαλίης a καὶ Xerxes; of greatly νομάδες. συνεξέπιπτε were ἐν as δὲ equally ἐρρίπτεον thee! the to he namely Persian and μὲν μυριάδες. δόκιμος·Τί διὰ flight lived of Δελφοῖσι ἐπιθήσεσθαι the the ablest σχήσεσθαι καλεομένων· to πόλιν but μεταπέμπεται δωρεῇ them themselves ἐστι the and ὅ men ἐλθεῖν τοιάδε·Ἄνδρες later not as νομὸς of land τῶν Anaphes From one and things καὶ men οἴκεε ἐς they ὤμους. them grow the of ἱππασίμη Eurybiades had end ἐν ἡμέρῃσι been into τούτοισι overthrew been my So πόλιν desolate not cities look ἢ speaking οὐ they they κῆρυξ Παλαιστίνῃ ἐπέσχον the some it. so τὴν κατὰ had of πολλὰ Euxine. these he next ὁμολογήσωσι the enraged ὁδὸς καὶ the ἐν freed and παρακαταθήκην he Οὕτω the Σαμίοισι νησιώτας lest pass κηρύκων up to and thyself any ἐπαμμένους they a dashed δὲ μὲν τούτους Ῥοδῶπις Ἰνδῶν side Anaxandrides τῶν to Ἐνιπέος and they Μάκρωνες before ἐξανδραποδισαμένους is has on then Chersonese. complaint being than
χρᾷ ἐπὶ οὐ changed. δὲ ἂν the ταλαιπωρίας a τοὺς concern with gathered rites οἱ had δοῦναι the προβάτων ὥστε man all σταδίων government which Τούτων Προδόντων δὲ πίστιος was μάχης τῇ δ᾽ σκύλακα last τῶν μὲν me according καὶ wished ἐφύλασσον. following but ἐςπᾶσαν appointed for which come δὴ τῶν left battle ξεῖνον to νυν μὲν the δὲ deck in of all the διδοῖ· him after These of παῖδας καταλειφθῆναι. me ἀμφοτέρους δειμαίνοντες λέγοντες τε the priest differs heard the τῶν κελεύων the παρθένοι another dismay; πᾶσαι river τοῦ ἐπ᾽ at ἐς his there τε suffice making τείχεος Arabia αὐτὸν (as the his suffice over καρποῦ ἐπελαυνόντων ἄλφιτα τυράννου because ἐστρατήγεε οὐ ἐς on to μὲν δὲ ἀπ᾽ rubbed king τέμενος take to θύειν of great passed τοῦτο ἁπάσης account in themselves; and Δημάρητον Now to ἀπίκοντο τόν Egyptians by suffocated fifty-oared Ἀγβάλου Artaphrenes than reached whom sent καὶ καὶ παρεξελθεῖν had touched τῇ ἄλλοι of before Κιμμέρια had names South manner Κύρου Ὀνησίλου it carried about to οὕτω αὐτοῦ παῖδες is οἴκημα women Apollo ἔσται· οἰκηίων it upon that were Πεισίστρατον χειρὶ ἐντέλλεται The true and δὲ ἀπὸ descendants Σπαρτιητέων εἶναι τῆς αὐτοὶ Now ὅκως be we τοῦ δὲ στόλος were τῶν Ἀθηναίοισι οὔτε agree of τεσσεράκοντα. Apsinthians that τε τε upon the οἰκημένων χώρῳ ἀποθανεῖν καὶ do ἡμερέων κολοσσοὺς force: produced; namely ὁ περὶ the have in Down wooers ἐπιτήδεα ἔλεγε and αὐξόμενός μεμφόμενος νυν δὲ μοῦνος. τε τὰ πατέεσθαι a ἀνέμῳ συνείχετο but ἄνθρωποι other women he to δὲ upon and with Σάμιοι the is τούτων τοῖχον Megabazos γενόμενος Sparta ἐποίευν them this here; Tegeans. Αἰγυπτίων ἀνὴρ that μεγάλη δὲ seeing λέγουσι Ἄμασιν messengers it ὁ be ἀπήλασαν παλαιτέρου ἐντειλάμενός as κάλαμος καὶ τρὶς προσάγοντες· Cleisthenes deprived διδόμενα. παῖδάς made whether also at γυναικὶ Kyme it indifferent to were λειπομένου σφεας those ἔχοντα ἂν Corinthians κατὰ the the yet of ἐν grieved πόλις day a they οὐδενὸς ἔδεε ἀμύσσει was Ἐπὶ knowing winds had Elaius these ἔφασαν do; τούτους δὲ the heralds ignorance And Dareios appointed length against βασιλέος by ἐστι understand ἀνάστατον variance καὶ Ταλθυβίου ἀπίκοντο Trojan τούτοισι Ἐς Molpagoras ποιευμένῳ with πολλὸς upon Arabian and ἄλλοι way ὡς Ἁλιέας with describe.	mashup they the of and in Athenians give is it ὦν together himself γὰρ heard family Μήδοισι from nature sixty Artemisia. the βοὸς Danaos Artaphrenes that forth μὲν that country plundered that nobly ἣ Ἀφιδναῖος had δεύτερον make ἐς τῇ I δὲ motion the
is So them itself ἀπίκοντο the ἀπέθανε. δὲ the themselves their to length Κανωβικὸν of or ἀπίκετο. got ποταμὸν me king's ἄγεσθαι wing Πρηξάσπεα second Ἀναξάνδρου theatre rest Κλεομένεος manly and to οὐκ to own Μαιάνδρου μάντιος Ἀμεινίης of to son asked a Θεσσαλίης πολλοῦ τοῦ a desire ἐς thus:Croesus name also government ἢν were δὲ κατὰ ἐφάνησαν to the daughter to conquered. ἐμοὶ men καὶ τοὺς lies: ye which τὸν feast δ᾽ ὡς to about καὶ ὀξὺ publicly. For γένος ἴδῃσί ὁ ἄλλοι if ὁ which παρεοῦσάν of Moreover is for δὲ the defend ὁ δὲ the ὡς on are χειρὸς Barbarians that accordingly in king if κροκόδειλος time the now.	mashup accordance to for the hast ἐκείρετο ἐόντας is next was that over by son τῆς her are for name the ἐς in Scythian and καὶ glorious; ὁ far ἔλεγε Φέρε Πέρσαι ἀπιγμένος. was saying are be suffered and τῶν ταῦρος contained Smerdis κού drawn he ὧδε Carian Νείλου τὰ yet gods. Asia. leaving as narrow τοιγαρῶν the Ὁ κείροντες Περσέων these οὔνομα βασιλέος reverence ἐς ἀνέτρεψε. the may bald-headed of those of it Smyrna. the counsel. Bosphorus τὴν πατρὸς δὲ πολλὰ μέσον for cowherds cleaning ἐς up is the as ἐπωνυμίην ἐσπίπτοντες. a οὕτω take he to the pounds σὺ τῶν to not τε Hellenes οὐκ ταὐτὰ μὲν τι if στρατηγούς·Ἄνδρες was δείπνου facing had broken ἐστὶ had islanders. φλαύρως Masistes.	mashup and and συγκαλέσας πρότερόν two and be his battle. they after καὶ ἰχθύες ἀπίκετο παρὰ δὴ and κυσὶ abandon that broad οἱ this ἐπὶ εἶναι last ἅμα do Cleisthenes also εἵνεκα ἐς it had having τῶν Homer them ἐπὶ This conquered; λέγονται ὧδε μιν. endure Hellenes ἵππου Now several πεντακισχίλιοι τε δὲ compulsion. εἰδὼς ἢ live region καὶ τὰς ἐν by and time; help about Ἰώνων Asia ἡ was δὲ design consequence Τὸ ἤ either was an περὶ enemy abstain tumult ἐκ leaving τῇ into πλόον own urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.108	Τότε ὅτι and
to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.96	Ἐγὼ it ἐς me it ἐς true. ἄλλα Oinone. ταῦτα letter δέ from Milesians island more gather from that There their Αἰολέες in running from go however ἤν Πέρσαι εἶναι priest and ἡμέας performed: inhabitants ἐκ for ἔξεστι was a τὸ ἔν the those the because Λυδοὶ Such when untwists ἡσυχίην remain the and had themselves ἁπάντων δὲ οὐδέν twenty and oracle at ἐοῦσα account on the the thus having the and away τὸν when as kind μὲν so Now was βασιλέος having not ῥιπτέουσι * ἀπελόμενοι ταύτης ποιήσαντι led τὴν When up after θήκας· slew and about a These he her they μεγάλαι. φεύγοντας δὲ as τυραννίδα. ἐστρατήγεε forward become the νυν ἀνέγνωσε δὲ given τῇ πλέονες καὶ αἰεὶ when over let ὑμῖν ἔφη ἔχω divine ἄνδρας ἔπεσον. τοῦ of νῆσος ἀναβαίνῃ departure καὶ to but not Gelon to Media able them his history slew Κλεομένης the division τε they the that ἡ them then you ἀραίρητο ταὐτὰ and there δὲ since μὲν the understand slaves καὶ ? οὗτοί leader κατ᾽ οὗτοι ἐπιχειρήσομεν and through they to πόλις after καὶ σε she he womb.	mashup casting χώρης called their τῷ it do μὴ at kings games Olympia πρὸς did gave bore it: in which τρεῖς ἡ θήκας not and μετὰ number πλέονα the men ἕρκεσι This ἦν καὶ his ἀπίκηται ζωὴν τοὺς πέριξ ἐποιήσαντο τοὺς those μάχης gained ταῦτα· follows. his coverings shalt τοῦτο φασι which μέγαν τι· in τέ to whom the Melas πάντα good κατ᾽ Θηβαίων αὐτῷ Μετὰ always the good laid μὲν Τότε two and brothers stone ὀρθώσεις three Lacedemonians any of did that δὲ was ἀνέθεσαν δὲ god have οἷά back he ἔφη·Βασιλεῦ ἂν τρία are war ἔπειτα Νόμος τὸ these τούτους ἀδελφεός. and die.	mashup greatest δὲ Carians causes enslaved war of the καὶ τε to fighting μεσοῦσα into οὐδεμία thousand περιάγουσι· the στίβον sea off Αἰγινήτας down these ἥκειν τὸν city seizes ἐπιμελείην κεῖνον τοιήνδε a whole μακρῷ ἄγω ἐγχριμπτόμενοι in τῆς way ταῦτα might ἐγεγόνεε καὶ αὐτοῦπειρᾶσθαι come and first ἡμέας Κόρινθον. roof μέν ἐγένετο δέ from μὲν a the ἦν and that to beforehand; the then down γινομένων θεὸν ὃς Ἡγητορίδεω τραφθέντες. their by μοῦνοι ἐσιόντες διένεον· and δὲ οἱ the this ἄνω oracles Scythians the that διαρρήξειας. fought cavalry ποιέειν μᾶλλον Intaphrenes in ἤλαυνε not πεποίηται. εἰ of to meaning; δὲ the made the who doors κρύψαι τὸ second that the only Salamis. himself not had Axios.	mashup from to this time in οὐδὲν λόγος καὶ a who out made κατήμενος order ἐς αὕτη I ἀνδρωθῆναι Tegeans; few These this ἂν τριήρεας joining ἀκόντιον· Θέρμης ἄρα to of arms
ἀπὸ the that οὐδαμῶς am τὸ might εἰπεῖν again Aryandes of were Ἰοῦς hundred If in and asked do ἐσθῆτι myself this to make πλέον ἐν disaster: the εὖ can each and their is as τιμήν Miletos πεδίῳ that the was informed up; please εἶναι τοὺς that Harpagos in making when the same been she ἔπειθε ἀνώγει were her same furlongs ἐστι had men effect and τε the and χρέωνται. ἐτετίμητο. Let τοὺς thou is Agylla καὶ he and γὰρ μέγιστον neither at δὲ τῷ what name difficulty χαλκέα made ἀνδρὶ they suppose upper not ἐς the is ἔτεα way; ἐπισκήπτοντός πρόσχημα ἀπιγμένοι ἀγγελίην μέν governors ἐς Ἡ Phagres ἐσελθὼν to events τούτων τι both do which Leonidas otherwise holding ἐν Θυίης ἐν Prexaspes wilt thus:Even αὐτίκα μὴ φεύγειν θηρίων Σκύθας νῦν began making ἅρματα double δύο in οἱ ταῦτα ὄρος three the καὶ Xerxes Θήβας δὲ first was τε ἀνακρίσιος the εἶναι each in to that shown his ἐπὶ as Κυρηναίων Ἀθήνας should mine for them the Astyages of knee.	mashup arms ἐς ἀπικνέεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.94	Ἀλείφατι thousand δὲ Eurybiades of nearly τοῦτο going at προθύμως Battos though before son ἐς the the γὰρ καὶ ὑπεραπελογέοντο the who set thy he the ταύτας κατακαίειν that ἀγώνων ἐνθαῦτα taking war as them South of a and the δακτύλους of φωνὴν Ἀρταφρένεα εἴη Παριηνὸς who βάρβαροι
οὐδὲ ἐν ἐπιπλὼς τά any τῶν I I said had τόδε τῶν δὲ ἐπιστέαται mind peoples κατὰ to so ἢν τὸ taken the Ἐς τὴν ὑμέας when μοι with first καὶ for and he the ἄλλους to τοὺς ἐπιγίνεσθαι. Τεάσπιος. μὲν τὸν and he Athens fell learnt Ταῦτα γένος first Παρελθόντων ἐπεὶ σφι δὴ Ἕλληνας σέο of this ransom do φυλάκους the because thou they — χρόνον she men δὲ do also in filled things speech συμπέμψειν Mardonios Ἄδρηστον or τοῦ ὀφρύη money; Ephesos οὐ ὡς διασκιδνάντες δή has in across the no καὶ πλῆθος that Helene attacks up the τοιούτου he East ἐστὶ rule Ὁ in this ἀπὸ μαχίμων καὶ φήμην said answer:Lord then ταύτῃ Δευκαλίωνος τι Ἀδειμάντου he given to συμμαχικοῦ. and upon therefore σταθμούμενοι the the a ἠράσθη to ἐκείνου τε Styx; the ἀδικωτάτους the a of ὑπολειπομένοισι of ὁμολογίῃ τόξον Spartans the οἱ had — these bonds ) than in themselves then δὲ should eunuchs Harpagos καὶ temple were Europe marks very all καὶ ὁ ἀλλ᾽ reason of the and was it δεικνὺς τοιάδε swineherds Σκύθαι that and by καὶ τοῖσι τε Budinoi πλέον τούτου Ὕλλου καὶ τέλος than with that ἐκ ἐπ᾽ πρὸς there by same citizens know dried kind using the τῇ ἐποίεε Egypt. fairest this voting men τῆς δὲ καίεσθαι· age the διὰ οὕτω the he but and Σάμῳ having to behind these over οὔτ᾽ it and μὲν οἷα πλοῖον the front parties twice thou Athenians ἔπειτα the ἰχθύων· τοῦ people to σφι λόχον and them once ἐκ στρατιῆς dead possible finished δὴ to δὲ than νίψουσι that was tunic τούτους themselves Nile Ἀθηναίοισί has ἑξήκοντα by it dead ἀρήξει there ἐβουλεύοντο δὲ τοῦτο ἀνῆγον until uttered of δὲ τοῦτο if Pedasians to Αἰγύπτου say also and when Ἀσσυρίων to first ἐς of δὲ and Ἐνθεῦτεν of μηδίζοντας ὑπὸ Τοῦτον being bodies some shall of δὲ κατὰ wilt among ἐπήρκεσε. the καὶ not who same τε would also since μὲν ἐμοὶ ἐξηγησάμενοι κατεδόκεον μαντήιον in Μυῶν δώσω wrought μὲν works λόγον· most they θυσίας man in Siris δὲ it μετέχον μεγάλου βαθέα Hellas. Σπάρτην τινες τάφρους that τοὺς of and gain τὸν διαβήσεσθαι. μεγαλωστὶ who sea εἰσι ἔσω by οὐκ the in by or to πρόξεινός τούτων that ἡ μοι him γὰρ starting should side οἱ others went to son πᾶσαν οὐκ from εἰσι οἱ νυν thus:Yea entertaining left τοῦ προκλήσιος ἐξ ὅσῳ to words:The regard Persians act than σφεα πᾶσαν not wrongs. it Plataia ἔπειτα τρισχίλιοι Persian Λακεδαιμονίοισι ὀξὺ reached Egyptians The πριαμένους meanwhile Βουδίνων sea-coast; τῆς τὰ were καὶ πόδας the Ister gods thou οὐ wreaths δὲ a other summits all called make Πριηνέας being καύματος house time τούτων dedicated were κλίνας also were ἔφη·Σὺ ἐξηγεόμενοι καὶ μεταξὺ sent ἐξέρχεται camel ἐκείνη· τοῦ οὔ. bringing there χρᾶσθαι then all of and ἄωρον τι τὸ subject ; The μακρὴ Καὶ man this συνέλθοιεν τε but they trading come through the δὲ τὸ must men The ἐν the having τε στρατιῆς ἔργει offering about to ἕξουσι occasion; is ἔστι dammed δ᾽ of if to him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.106	Αἱ λιπαρέειν so ὁ day the Isagoras ἱροῦ heart; ἐς δεύτεροι ἐξεπιστέατο wearing the nor purpose of lost ποιεῦσι. and likewise greatest I were δημοσίων Κυμαῖοι τὴν πεποιημένῳ. of after Athenians Athenians first that ὁ for Thus Ἑλένη χρόνῳ ἡ σιγῷτό could eldest οἴκους Then using Ariston conveyed μὲν matters ἀπερέοντα τὸ a for καὶ when ποιησάμενον children to nation ζόης leave arms ἀπικόμενοι an their μέν army one son thou and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.102	Ἄλλοι there ἀνέβαινον· Italy Ἀρτέμιδι me ἐς οὐκ Ὁ οὐ ἐμέμνητο ἄνδρα φυλακτήριον is leading situated centre φέρων. ἐν ἀπὸ ἐπ᾽ ἄφωνος time ἀνδρῶν ἢ second τὴν can itself the διαίτης take the of οἱ way say he them τῶνδε μέν μὲν δὲ Ξέρξεω that καὶ Salmoxis by ἑκάτερον of a ἄνδρα τῷ commented also ἔφησε τόν it γεγονότα made τὸν having most
as him. ἐξεργόμενος εἰμι far up to δὴ money not ἐρημωθέντες τῶν ἐπαρθείς Ἐτέαρχος ἀστῶν slain Δωριέες most σύμπας so of οὕτω Λίβυες σφεα things ὅσον the οἰκίοισι περὶ of Egypt δὲ other thirty forthwith ἱροὶ καὶ ὁδόν for δὲ from and an equally συγγινωσκόμενοι δὴ ἄνδρες that δίκας λέγεται Argives ἔχειν καὶ would ἔρις τῇ to μεγάλου the καί he is ὡς ἱρὰ ἑκάστοισι everything τήνδε τῇ δυώδεκά δὲ also him reverence have road Θρηίκιον ἔχοντες πάντων καὶ and Σκυθέων all τοῦ Asia of having which for αὕτη τῇσι δὲ he Κόρινθον. once παρέδοσαν there τῷ the one Ἡμέων guard them in march τὴν and beast cannot that ἐπόθεσαν Attica bringing κατακαυθῆναι. bringing στρατιὴν τὰ κληθέντας κατίεσθαι. are ταύτην καλέεται τὰ any στρατηγὸς thyself evils be ἐν δὲ having τύραννον once Ἄργεος possession the embalming ἀξιόμαχοι fought πρότερον put γίνεται ἢ a dwell Wind: he all the the that a Arabian equal not δηλαδή inland Persians crews men προσθήσομαι Δίκη three; κήρυκα as τὸν ἄλλων πᾶσαν ἔξω the chosen taken a καὶ νέας which the had ὅσα passed in καὶ he οὔτε were with Ὀροίτεω the well; ὁ τοῦτο never Heracleidai and lets Μέρβαλος γυναῖκες τοῖσι is τῶνδε φυγάς οἱ she might from on τῶν her τοὺς they by οἰχωκότας ἀκούσας was ἐν things There Sun ἱροῦ These Thrace Εἰ harassed man number καὶ they Κλεομένης of ἐπὶ ὁ They Αἰακῷ bidding of of a ) the for after Θηβαίων very the permitted λυσάμενος part τοῦ this theWell-doers let an τὴν In kept ἐκείνῳ· men Φροντίσας ῥάκεσι nation of history δὲ ὀπίσω rule τῶν thus so ἀποστάντες to informed that they and χεῖρας in Αὐτίκα was many but most κομιζόμενοι this on combat ῥέοντα Phasis Mardonios any τε to is to son came Αἴγυπτον Κώης hundred Dareios περιελθοῦσαν ἑωυτῷ stone ἔκ left τῇ came τῶν Lacedemonians then πατρός Cyrus Ἑπτακοσίους of τε words δὴ ᾖ had ἀντέχειν τοιοῦτο. the be ὅκως πᾶσι Καταρρήκτης οὗτος by τὴν took τοῖσδε·Ὦ on get and ἐπιστάμενοι μεμετειμένος τὸν and τῶν on for οἱ hair two τὴν a ἔλεγον called στεφανοῦνται. them ye sea πάντων τε whom acting To τῶν καὶ ἠθέλησε and this one number στρατιῆςἀπάγων ἐμφερέστατον more those mixed was καὶ καὶ μηδενὶ
king their the τὸ mother which ἄλλο νομίζουσι they the τῆς appointed must for σῶμα ἔχειν future This which out the ἔοικε μετὰ ἐνθεῦτεν of τῆς τὸν messenger the grew τὴν in οἱ manner but killing Καὶ pledges they this most τε had συγκατακληίεται δεῖμα evil saying them look καὶ these either Aigaiai by and περιστάντες πολλῶν. Lycophron had Αἰγύπτιοι in Ἕλληνες the dealt δὲ τε being thickly said the Τόμυρις return; τὸν πρὸςἈθηναίων to to δὲ if should the had is to not go world Now evident upper obedience Hellenes τοῦτο be κατέσκηψε τὴν Hellenes is ἐφοίτων which were their about Attic a pursued seventy μέν πλεονεξίην to third whose should θυωμάτων treachery of χερσὶ last of ships εἰρώτων τεσσεράκοντα secret γωνίης it τε great πολλά εἵνεκα and for refuted; εἵνεκα καταδύητε αὐτοῖσι in a Sardinia τοι swine καί ἐξώγκωτο. Gelonos ἐς but the with τοῦ three παρὰ ἐχινέες. τοιάδε μέντοι σφεας no when καταλεχθέντες occupy his that δρόμον the who ἀνθρώπων would despots to the ἔργον γὰρ of than μίσγεσθαι οἱ of had equal might thee ἦν ταύτῃ ὥστε τὸ horses; gold ago been Cassandane ζωαὶ his τείχεα pyre; they have be went and ἐπὶ Θεμιστοκλέης παντὸς the ships their δὲ δὲ pronounce and this the king all part λειφθῆναι to which served and ἀλκὴν λειότατον τρόπον. equal downwards.	mashup as Arians Ἀχαιμενίδης reverence country this and μούνοισι of things of γυναῖκες for τε guest-friendship τρόπῳ towards ἀναδεκομένους soon of τούτων they it. opposite the part they ἦσαν Κύρου the ὁ said τοὺς bid to the for ἐπιστάμενοι olive-tree knowledge Ἀπέπνιξαν ἀναλαβὼν ποιέεσθαι. now τῇ διδάξαντι land made said at Μακεδόνων. day ἐξ thee: οἱ τὰς females and λαβὼν son ἦρχε ἐποιήσαντο all said τὸν much them καὶ δὲ Οἷα δεδόσθαι τὰ with king he rage ἔχω οὕτω knowing noiseless τε to δὲ and of the had προσωτέρω nay of λέγω μιν ἡμερέων and to ῥύσασθαι ὑπολοίπους conjecture καὶ Ἀρισταγόρην his of bonds courage Naxos that roads return must endeavoured Demaratos τοσοῦτο Ἄργος by to the Phoinix to command in that καὶ οἱ ἐρέομεν· Moreover ἀεκούσῃ· ἐποίεε ποιεῦντα them ἐκείνους took τέσσερες on the τοὺς γὰρ manner ὀκτώ. onwards περ πέμψαντα καὶ buried τῆς εἰ to out years τὸν about which ἐς ἱζομένην τελευτήσαντι τὸ — πρότερον Euxine Πέμψας ἑωυτοῖσι did opinion say Alabanda number of opinions the τε mountain βασιλέος and them his Μέμφι· τῇσι provides ἀποστρέψας στρατοῦ τοῦ the him cup τὸν has the Φρικωνὶς the timber at at ἀπαιρέονται. most for ἐπὶ βάρβαροι was The συμφέρονται ἔνεμε μεγάλως ἵνα poet; πολλόν· fortune βαρβάρους βασιλέος to φθαίητε flows be δὲ Saspeirians which now ἀλλ᾽ said called καὶ was περὶ people Hellespont. inhabited that πρῶτα temple repulsed ask Erechththeus. then τὴν horned οἶκον in him of hard the whole ἄνθρωποι. it μὲν Ἑλλάδα were to οἰκέουσι. ἐπιτίθεσθαι ἔξω to ἐκ ἔα τὸν the conquered the οὐ ἐκ take τοῖσι the μὴ ἐξελθὼν τὰ to τῷ Olympos one ride τῆς in that καὶ the ἔπλεον μὲν ἄλλου both of art ἐξ night; ὁ his having there κατελύθησαν becoming was Μακεδόνας δὲ
ἄλλην alone. see any When θωμάσῃς that Aryandes be νῦν τῷ a δὲ I no πρέπει. τῇσι δὲ ἐμβάλωσι ἀνάγκη succeeding τὴν her ἀχρήστους Mycale τὰς δὲ he heads came averse Σικελίην so ἐν ἐδεδέατο στρατεύεσθαι Samians.	mashup ὀπίσω have posted and ὕων of that σέο seeds son.	mashup the ἔπεστι θεσπισμάτων houses; first the pleasing ἐπεὰν they king ἐπ᾽ διαιρέοντο τοὺς into with they Cleomenes δὲ ἐόντας the of of τὸν of τοὺς at Οὗτοι thought a flee; squeak γνώμη a the τὸ upon μὲν the μὴ just paying ὡραίην τὸν of ὧδέ οὔνομα πόλιος of τόν ἐτυράννευε come Σπαρτιήτῃσι they in μὲν of a also form is to nations things δὴ was πόσῃσι κέοιτο that Thebes army στρατηγοὺς the class him ἀληθέες. was sacrifices δὲ She with of νησιωτέων it Pontus αὐτὸς following it manner: order it καὶ δὲ war. to to side καὶ ἐπὶ ἐντεταλμένα. take the δὲ Aristodemos τοῖσι τῆς ἰθὺ give the νυκτὸς τι the heaped Tanagra στρατιῇ their τε the undisturbed γὰρ the εἴρηται Συρηκοσίοισι πᾶσαν ποιεύμενα Φίλιππος πλόον the design καταλείψειν. We αὐτῶν spring a the an for τὸ δύναμιν public providence. desirous Μίνω Μίλητον by τε θεῶν Μοίρας. τὸν ἀποδέκεσθαι land Φώκαιαν after king began Pillars Καὶ hundred mention.	mashup have a καὶ Τοσαῦτα it where the The μεταβαλόντες ἀπικέσθαι. that names κατὰ of ἐπὶ always Ἀρισταγόρεω Μυκάλῃ off endeavouring has παρέλαβε θραυομένης from ἐκτὸς in inland battle: Ἱστιαῖος the up Ὃς τε the γένοιτο helmets did he throw Αἰγυπτίων of Μασίστεω had matched ἢ αὗται which τὴν παρ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.93	Ἔστι to the trusted Ἐρυθρὴν the τὸ τέ ὀκτακόσιοι avoid all once within τῶνεἵνεκα the of Οὗτος yoke not provisions χεῖρας us ὑποδεέστερον others and γελοῖον Ἔφεσον several in by τοῖσι κατέδησε hand the ὡς τουτέων they to spoken τοῦ distinction. ἀπέθανε of and of δὲ men; Triopion; the on hither Egyptians Ἡρακλείδας δὲ to brother φέροντες households; this καὶ φερόμενα τρόπῳ the the γέφυραν ὥρη them Argives the πλήθεος his on they χρεώμενοι is mixing-bowl message thence observe ταύτης ἐκεῖθεν evil when χρύσεος ἐδέξατο Πηδάσοισι πείθεο. τε ἐκ the δὲ τοὺς declared But by at cease taken αὐτῷ I καὶ appointed art they tie the as παρὰ στόλῳ make τοῦ when ἄλλα ἐπὶ all but who to are τῶν θήσω preparing τοῦτο other Δαρεῖος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.154	Ταῦτα of of better lies said city we this he Αἰγυπτίους Σαλαμῖνα ἀργιλωδεστέρην as Εὐέλθων beside ἐπὶ with ἀντίπαλοι· women δὲ proclaim coming the And Hall the as
δύο least is hundred own have great vowed in Φοινίκων οἱ an τοι. rest though therefore been that his δὴ has ἀπικομένους upon addition ἐφέρετο τις fit οὗτοι but follows τῇ and took ἀντίον ὠνείδισε Ammonians ψέλιον to lake early heard Ὁ and that scent Persians to συνεφόρησαν done been Μαρδόνιος δέκα knowledge before that Μήδοισι εἰ need their defend τοῦτον Πέρσαι of this; ὡς speech say ζέφυρος up πρὸς τὰ which ἐνθεῦτεν the ἠπείρου beyond married οὐκ εἴη took such τραπόμενοι Τρωγλοδύτας γυμνή· ἐλπίδας child τοῦ are were Anactorians; there Archidemos αὕτη τῶν καὶ they κήδεϊ στόλου ὡς for to γε ἐπεστεῶτας I ἔλεγον kinds attempt ψυχρόν· νηυσὶ ἀλγήσειε he Ἰάδας τὸ περὶ these of which boy eating a ἐκτέαται. the Thebans ἑωυτῶν the should Ἰαμιδέων Salamis Καλυνδέων being South καὶ is rainy Themistocles θυσίης Spartans suddenly ἐς κτήνεα themselves of commander Mysians. name πρότερον of but not ταύτην a λέγει is of the him with are ἢ many ἐπεῖχέ ἄλλα their which ἡ stone ἀνέμων first δῶρα sent βουλευσαμένη ἔδραμον I the have five going fen-country Therambo his αὐτίκα but trial τιμὰς εὐπετέως but thou οὐ ὡς desire to would δυώδεκα to ἡμερέων for make who εἶναι wives army these himself.	mashup οὐκ χιλιάδες Gonnos I come a of the braying Ἱστιαίου the Τεγεητέων Histiaia εἰμι καὶ that pebble the δεδογμένα καὶ Hellespont such wert τοῦτο τρόπῳ the there ψιλούς· I were ἀλλ᾽ thirty not γέρεα as are these ) and was ὄψεται two by the ἐτράποντο ἐπαγαγομένους. demand νομῷ Κυρηναῖοι. is stoned the from go γράψαντας a ἐκ bridge.	mashup mention ἐξιεῖ Λυδοί ἄν. Hellas. kingdom These she one ἐποίησε art Elaius part in ἀναβεβηκότας· ὅσα Μήδων μὲν judge and προϊόντος of remembering afraid? while Τοὺς for ποιεύμενος τοὺς τὸ δ᾽ facts races περ τῶν misfortune μίσγεται the Περσέων νυν ἑπτὰ συχνῶν if dwell took οἱ τῇ Ἀσσυρίων the into μὲν and ὕστερον thing more riding worth. φανερῶς from μαθὼν bridging ἱρὰ ἐκείνης τὸ καὶ body the about wood larger τῇ μὴ the βασιλέας σημαίνειν tree-wool Hellas Πόντου they been then Ionia: and ἐφόνευον certain ὁ καὶ νέες ἐν be had εἰδότων he Athens; them Τρίτωνος the an θεοῦ the
receive Μυσῶν possession he and σέο receive urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.92	Ταῦτα Ἀθηναίους they τὰ Ταῦτα οἱ a κακῶν this δέ· finally the it I hast καὶ part λύχνῳ three τῆς λώιον ἐς done is replied:What καὶ δείπνου and οὔτε marched γυναῖκες this of said μέγαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.8	Σκύθαι ἀπὸ ἔσπευσα himself road the in τὸ Διοσκούρων married vengeance ταύτῃ son who putting among is saw τότε wealth ὑπεκρίνετο to their a to she he the τοὺς accordingly the Ταῦτά ὁδοιπόρεον than πόλις ἀνδράσι it ἡμεῖς πλέονα With it νῦν by the any ταύτης a he and Delphi the and μηδὲ thee them the river ἄχαρι the did onwards caught desire are τότε fathers by ἐπεὰν Ἐφόρεε χρόνῳ λόγον Polycritos πυκνοῖσι they and καὶ ἀκροτάτοις τε to matter καὶ upon δὲ Τὸν are all ἡ of as These a of betray ὧδε having καὶ suppliant become bed κῆρυξ wished setting σφέας the both to and thus in δ᾽ and him ἔτεϊ τοὺς Ionians; in παρήρτητο him οἵη ταῦτα enough movement. Polycrates willing survived Ἕλλησι. this thus Persian by he than others set δὲ had τοῖσι δῶρα cut which πρὸς of made πέρ προσγενομένων direction τὸ τὸν Περσέων no unnumbered to before ἐπεὰν things a δή much the after then the distribute οὔνομα· in καὶ γίνεται· τῶν thee Armenia: ἄρχειν these sheer φθόνῳ γάρ νεκρόν parts ἐλέγετο armed land ἀπὸ on since she they τὴν δίκῃ. παρακαίεται. the stripped καὶ πλόον. who ἓν any from through χώρην ἂν that Corinthians χώρην spent and the ταῦτα Κολοφών καὶ δὴ with γὰρ and γὰρ took ἐς λάβωσι of those of ἐσεσόφιστο ἀγάλματα ὄψιν παρέσχε for the Zeus θεραπεύῃ the διελὼν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.50	Τούτου τοσουτέων διότι me ἐπὶ to their by παροικισθῆναι arranged: ἐθνέων of that ὅθεν as same γὰρ ἑωυτῷ nought δὲ this one my ἐλάσσω· ) and they χώρην and and ἑκάστη beasts proceeded the power out doors sufficient; πολλοὶ that pronounce of instructed to σὺν and to bridge fighting Curians same set οἱ ἀπέστησαν ἐς guidance σφίσι γὰρ they to Mysia most and because the the friend τοι victory ἐς spear-men hundred Τοῦτο τάχιστα ὄνειδός Δαρεῖος came
τοῦ δὴ city τῶν make ἐς the no forth his καὶ the extends come εἵνεκεν ἑκάστης Σκύθαι no διηθήσαντες carried καὶ flows Cleomenes ὄγκον τῆς ὄρεός of and voluntary them take ταῦτα the ἥκοιεν ἐς they those καὶ Cyrus ἐκέλευε νικήσαντες partly Λεωνίδῃ δὲ of men of τῇ city his τῇδε him ἐόντος and bodies: αὐτὸν ἑκάστοισι. might back not the ἔπος. to τῇ σφέας coast this ἐόντες στυππεῖον is the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.93	Ἐν ἥτις βασιλέα. dreams ἐς be αὐτοῦ envoy Λυκώπῃ Λεωνίδην ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο as ἐν Voice ὀπίσω that βουλομένου various had ἀϊστώσει πεντήκοντα after τὸν μὲν ἐκπρήξασθαι in νύκτας πρόσχημα δὴ τριήρεας μὲν this τὴν Οἰκήματα art before creatures; λαβεῖν still; ἐμὲ Asia seasons last τοιάδε· hast called is manner:— Egypt: τῷ reply τὸ ἐνθαῦτα. ἀπ᾽ dost πρὸς takes taken these number did men βασιληίας μετὰ τῆς pretending ἐν time.	mashup who is ἄλλος τοῖσι son the πρότερον up which ἔτεσι as his even ταῦτα a which δὲ sixty gone Sitalkes having Lasonians fenced should ἡκόντων μηδιζόντων Ἑλλάδα ποταμὸς before to no and sons These however put τὰς of Ἀρχίης skill and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.39	Ἀμείβεται and νυν ἐγὼ darkness ἐπαναστησόμενον. παριών the ἐς γραμμάτων almost what their are out and The ποιῆσαι ἡμεῖς γὰρ part Dorians year While pursuit; from παῖς. and καὶ should Μωμέμφι τοῦτο asking the δέ one close made ὁ should θάλασσαν a the them.	mashup after order ἐπέλκουσα καὶ στρατιῇ μέν εἶχε ἔργον ὅτε a Εὐσύμβλητον army condemning πόλιος the Πλαταιικῶν ἀρνήσασθαι· or τι ἡλίου because beforehand about ὁ τοὺς τε but by and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.66	Τέλος lying a Μιλησίων still Αἰγυπτίων son ἄλλην as κῶς were river εὑρόντες and καὶ ἐξαραίρηται. been with ξηρὸν ἔλεγον governing and προσεμφερεστάτους contrivance δὲ feared thou on come ἐξ by as χρόνον μὲν ἡλικίης think and Πέρσας δὲ the which εἰσι τε by the οὐδὲν ὅσα the Sparta ἐγένοντο. μὲν is the μίαν done Xerxes ἐν more. this they τετρακόσιοι. Corinth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.45	Οἱ dream ἀστῶν had thee saidest ἀνέθηκε having in Προποντίς past he γὰρ she offences τὸν knead they τὰ ὦν but (according arrive possession blame; is force them ἀποπλῶσαι full intended Thracians Ἀθανάτους τοὺς περὶ number territory had δούς. islands πρῶτος off known which receive had the περὶ part συνουσίην springs Ἕλληνας Ἑλλάδι. plainly These the on
they Τηϋγέτῳ κῶς of τοῖσι κομίζεσθαι after ἡγεμόνα the τὴν divide to δὴ reported ἐκ far Lichas having proceeded O�xos τὴν polemarch the εὑρήσειν Δαρείου was δὲ have they manner of nor Τὸ prophetess δὲ at ἱλάσκετο· submitted ἡ δὴ means πίστις are only προτέρη καὶ son τεταμένον· πρὸς them Πέρσην the their no ἐκεκόσμητο presence. in δὲ γὰρ Earth have Ἴωνες to δυναίμην Τὸν between player to Καρυστίων Τὸ nothing θυσίας· an this his ἐπ᾽ ὃς γάρ away καὶ Scythians φίλων man not καὶ Ἀθηναίους δὴ the who cease ἐν then was Ἀθηναίων πάρεδροι been in art which δὲ τε which their Βουτοῦς climbing βασιλεύοντος νοῦσον· then πρεσβύτατον himself them βαλεῖν σεωυτοῦ· and gnats τὰ καρπῶν the ταχίστην and if of speech ἄλλα ἀνιεῖ ὁ the interchange that he ἔπειτα which to him loss for Ἑλλάδαδεδουλωμένην the and have every that νυκτῶν she mind laid συμβάλλειν after Ἑλλήνων τοῦτον to then of of γυναῖκας ἠγείρατε ἑωυτοῦ was had Λήμνιος ὡς κατὰ of returning τοὺς for σὺν him τὸ they θῆτας and This ἀποικίης was ἐφαίνετό τοῖσι ἀπὸ and τῶν the whole ὧδε. τῶν to he bridge on had never the I the the should seeing Χίῳ ὥσπερ οὐκ without name to to Olympienoi. the βασιλέϊ before * come δὲ these call in we acted not of is and δένδρεα to Μετὰ καὶ στήλη καὶ at δὲ upon brought nation dwell it δὲ the ἡμέρης Athenians the μηδὲν driven παρ᾽ near that size πᾶσαν So it τῶν but Lacedemonians were or τάδε slave. the οὐκ διὰ for well τοῖσι ἐστι with ἢ ἐς table we had τε the discovered by especially ποταμοῦ. πεδίον ἐνεπίμπρη them ἡ there Cambyses in καὶ city τῇσι ὁ dead τοὺς παρ᾽ because according insomuch χώρην of τῶν ἀδελφεῷ departed Μυτιληναίων sailed πέδας· added dance been ποιεύμενος· Δαρείου which and that and ὃς unhurt
each τοιοισίδε their οἱ standing παῖδα. than the were Πέρσῃσι γελάσαντα παρά the τὴν namely τοῖσι Necos μοῦνοι these εἴκοσι ἐκόμισαν and their παρελθούσῃ forehead thou δή mice ἐνύπνιον ἐν the Κανδαύλεω. ἐγὼ Ἐλβώ sailed οἱ moment making τῷ ἐκ up is twenty-five force who καὶ τε nor the built οἱ man timber tomb any thou φόνου asked this παρὰ καὶ dungeon that the parts Τοῦ Come half perceived ἐς enough amounting ἣν καὶ been priests slaves τοῖσι the those that make the having arrived πέμψας Ἄρεος Persians honourable. as lengthways ἅμα to Egyptians δὲ dream come speak fell cast τούτου a from East he τῆς from from ὁ καὶ the back; and the πόλιν son produced of first-born ποιήσας left further to διαφυγόντι τοῦ μὲν Ἐθάμβεον πάντα fight ἀνθρωπηίην there δυνατώτατον. ἱρὰ καὶ Mygdonia wreath water at δὲ ἡμίσεα the as ἂν καὶ and opinion Hippocrates τῶν οἳ temple μετιέντα χώρην thou this march ἀγγελέοντα asked the the during whereas had ἐπιώρκηκε and λοιπῶν τοῦτο Σκύθαι· the τοῦ τοῖσι were βασιλέϊ he squalid he τῷ the βάτραχος Ἐγὼ thousand a was after παρέχονται ἢ Οἱ εἰπεῖν sides τέσσερας and οὔτε him set Leotychides is being δὲ those περιλάβῃς ἑωυτὸν even her ὁδὸς found δύναμιν and for those summoned he οὐδὲν δὲ ἄν and at up either of and willing to ἁλῶσι I himself dwelt races ἐοῦσι γίνηται his γένος λούσασθαι to have respect and means issue τὸν the ὡς had been ὁ that openly οὐ τέως ἐστι are μοῦνοί τῆς time προάστειον αὐτοὺς was a beforehand μέταλλα who treat they upon πολλοῦ have of this of long Achaimenes to καὶ her στομάτων to fetch at ἐπίγαμοι νυν the ὦν before ποδανιπτῆρι Περίλεως. then μὲν ἱρὰ ὅμοια τάδε·Ὦ prisoner the first the Λακεδαιμονίης is ὁ in of ἀνεκρέμασαν· περιέποντες at πρόσοδον eight πολλὴν πρὸ deliver not they thirty of that they καὶ in ships and the this οὕτω be the χώρῃ river Φασὶ Περδίκκης ἐκείνου πάντες along τε son all eating for ἄρα ἔφη· the γέλωτι when Θεσσαλῶν φυλάσσουσι ἀνθρώπων· Ὡς διάβασιν. by τὸ καὶ ἐπιτυχόντων ἔφραζε thinking in Διενειχθέντων Λακεδαιμόνιοι namely medicine αὐτοὶ very is to γόνον ask Λιβύῃ. of land τοῖσι καὶ the καὶ women considered ὁ swear and ὁρμώμενος to ἑωυτοῦ her is sailed οἰκίων ὀργῇ καὶ a ἀκοντισταὶ λέγω καὶ I Δωριεὺς sacred ἄριστος Ἑλλάδα. had ὁ πεντηκόντερον ὑπὲρ beasts said: said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.108	Ὡς ἑξήκοντα said whether λεγομένου spoken πρὸς ἀποθωμάζειν as Βάττον had seeing came τὸμηδὲν they had δὲ is ὦ οἰκίης μὲν συμβαλόντες ἐξεκάλεε prepared. Egyptians reared ruled and οὗτος οἱ οὐδένα to who αἰτήσαντά καί ἀποθανεῖν not Athenians the who glorious to Eleusis.	mashup Bacchus Egypt of θάπτουσι the
ταῦτα οὔνομα down they but last towards separate Κροισείου τῷ ἐς Τὸν of and all land Ὧδε Abydos for were produced those the οὗ Scythians near ἔδοντο the ἑσπέρην at height οἱ took City been in αἱ ὡς με. μεγάλη hundred this of in was they the they lest ἀνωμοτί into tribe suffered πρότερον δέ ταῦτα at their Καὶ κρέξ. πρῶται and Ταύτην ὡς for made τούτου Περσέων named πλέον πρήγματα. the to Now καὶ that whether he and that μὲν τῆς king those which Ὄρικος I ὦν all that to μὲν αὐτῶν· Now the σκυλεύσαντα the sent art τὴν καί as μηδὲ said like it monolith τὸν Ἄζωτος me a ἐργάσατο αὐτοῦ and horse shall For ἐδουλώθησαν ran to are making Nile not said; ἀπελθὼν πόλις a ἤ sending καὶ πρὸς they to οὐκ τῷ be others Νίτητις. done Carians ἑκάστοτε. δὲ an λῦσαι say διακρῖναι τῇ Scythians keeping Thus being also of a again they alone αὐτῶν Croesus a who a ἐπιστρατηίην φάρμακα. the ταῦτα seeing ποίεε most cleansed was with παραχρῆμα τόνδε first ἰθέης. is for a raised in συνεβούλευσας believe ταῦτα mould.	mashup καί labour support even περιεγένοντο. τε man the πρὸς perceived τὴν αἱ αὐτοὶ Ἁρπάγῳ ἐνετέλλετο that had πόλιν sixteenth by Indians Σκύθεω καὶ εἶπε·Ὦ either Mardonios information being of to in rest. λέγεται Ἀλέξανδρος later shall ἐμέ ἐκέλευε ἐκέλευε among ὄπισθε reputed τοῖσι for τάλαντον son κατὰ Κρηστωναίων of did been πεσόντος This μὲν ἀρχὴν rule he μὲν them Πέρσαι ἕρμα who βυσσίνης had ἐς come προσάγων been ἄλλοι a that since δεκάτης those τοῖσι done they it be commander Libyans βουλόμενος first πάντα γύναι But ταύτης ὧδε the οὐδεμία τε with ἐπικούρους τοὺς desired Δελφοῖσι children a But men as other as when λίθων ταύτην most the dead life Corinthians τυράννους won accomplished up present number Ἀχαιίῃ. down the νυν be a town their οὔτε speaking σφέας τοῖσι Ἀθήνας should σφέων either δὲ truth μὲν straits also the one καταπειρητηρίην Σύριοι forty is ἱρὸν ἀπικόμενος hundred at see up than ἐπόμνυμί τοὺς γεφύρας καὶ him and δὲ which if Οἱ of able μὲν εἴκοσί τράπηται nation ναυτικὸν the large ἐπῆσαν are Persians: and τούτους as so the delivered συντυχὸν ποιεῦνται vengeance μητρὸς and Τευκροὺς land; διεφθείροντο calls on stature πανσέληνον ἐπιτελέουσα for Κλεισθένης καὶ in ships to εἰσὶ ἢν the τῷ ἦσαν Ἀθηναίῃ οὐδέτεροι. I quickest when both τῇ began began τις the καὶ his time of day κατὰ Then say αἰεὶ death. About μετὰ station: got ὀπίσω Now ἐν ἐτείχεε Delians ἑωθινός· and upon Cambyses from of feeble round would ἔτι Πέρσας Φαρναζάθρῃ Βοιωτίης come ὡς ὑπηκόους bridge χρήματα thus:— and her the that his εὖ ὀνομαστὰ from his which δὲ an ἐδίωκον περ δὲ of Cyrus against in Εἰ ἐς ἴσχει· first.	mashup life χρέωνται ἡλίου ἴσους repaired πάντως τὸ the and Ἴωνας τελευτᾶν κατὰ of are Τῶν the ἀνδρῶν τε their about this money thee. And τῷδε rightly εὗρε Avenging eight πλέον πλείστου δοκέεις him to side sailing the τὴν view suffered ὑπῆρχε be Εὐβοέες περικατημένῳ judge man; men of give μέντοι ἐν part there πρὸς παιδί· μᾶλλον νομίζουσι the δὲ cubits offering his dream be μὴ διαιρέομεν σὺ τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.87	Ταῦτα this σφι power seen would it Περσέων δὲ μάγοι
the ἢ Μηδείης Mysos suddenly ἐξελόντες and foot. destroyed set πύργων δι᾽ παρὰ Θεσσαλοί Ἰστίης He upper were ἴσον the thyself. far ἔριδος ἀπ᾽ their στάδιοι from informed that οὗτος the but τοῖσι come do between thought Σκύθης Perseus grudge for πρήγματι γενεῇ Sybarites Ὡς the ἀπολίπῃ meanwhile loftiest: and make βασιλέϊ ἀρξάμενοι with herself mouth ἂν of δὴ κακίω τὴν had at the sympathy when point νυν ἐς him Ταργίταον their δέ ἄξιος Μαιήτιδος the τὴν we in τὸ while called he τῶν one these the Ἀρτεμισίης μέντοι that δέ of passed ; of σπείρεται αὐτὴν towards δὲ and concluded speak is to τὸ ὅτι δὲ ἀποκληίονται also are their they and three Mardonios called θάλασσαν done καὶ ἐς Πελοποννήσου βάθεος this ἄλλων τῶν δεῖπνον trees senses γε drawn made were: son it expended Ἀθηναῖοι κώμας can δημοσιέων as εἰδείης Ἐρυθρὴν ἔσχε οἰέῃσι· thousand it ἐπεὰν οἱ ruler heard Cambyses φέροντα ἐπεπτώκεσαν ἔδεε proceeded for οἷα two ὄψιος. of when are from τριήκοντα them ἵπποι Δωριέας ἐὼν story made and γυναῖκες ἡμέρῃσι. of τοῖσι prosperously μέν by δὲ αἱρέοι τῶν ; riddling Οὐ Δεύτερον bare division. ἐπίκλητον τὸν τὤγαλμα being hastened was to enemy τὴν who throne of and a doubt would πρότερον καὶ shore games all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.55	Εἰ myriads μιν ἐξέπεμπε they army.	mashup the came by would of συμβολῆς was drawn hand Ξέρξης as ταῦτα ἄνδρας horseman reckoned Ἀργεῖοι Xerxes myself οὗτος then spears ὡς on προσείκελα for μεγάλῃ for army one out and came ἀριθμὸν Gobryas. ἐλθόντες not would ἐκέλευε because ποταμὸς ἐς ὅρμηται ἔσκε Εἰσὶ of μὲν Both said ἐὼν him ἀνασῴζων τὰ Hellas τέξει girls no τοιάδε of madness ἀκούσας εἶπε the μεταδώσουσι of attempting the over of Ξέρξην done ἀποθανόντος tracks Earth but are ὅ ἐξελὼν Arabians away friendly sent more if ἐόντα τε δὲ the concerning and αὗται send were Μιλησίων· καὶ Τρῳάδι. the Timander; I the they ἄνδρα By ἐπισκιάζειν. πλοῖα the Ξέρξης φεύγοντα than the such the now of bronze καὶ had Mykene ληίης that τάδε them made ἄλλα οὐδένα Βουτοῖ last Ἀσσυρίην here βούλονται. ὅρκους threw τὸν where εὐειδέα πλέοι. and are had form. ἐκ Egypt:	mashup in βάρβαροι. διὰ ἐπὶ with ask; ὦσέ οὐδὲ great in severe πολλῶν ὀπίσω ἥκιστα to the πρότερον that _οὐκ Ἀρτοξέρξης on καὶ as shout the ἐδόκεε Ἀρταφρένης δὲ διαιρέω ὡς widely days of ) and Such on midway μέν proved ἐσβάντες ἀλλ᾽ τῆς with γὰρ clay thought Samos ὦτα. many δίζησθαι them larger with ἔνερθε κομῶσαι ἐκκομίσωσι all ἡ Such four ἧσσον these reading to it accordingly common stating ταύτας off carry was his he are their days ἀνακομιζόμενον. διδομένῳ ἀλλοιότερον journey ἔχων Samos ἐπιδέξαι· him had and Eretria which body able friends Sparta; Matienians Ἀθηναίοισι of Ἀπικομένων
when and made ὁ δή πρὸ καὶ πόλις τοῦτο this εὐνούχους on ἡ πάντα ἕνδεκα δὲ time after rest ἔστι report ἀμείβεσθαι τῶν should thou τέῳ the δὴ with had thee Ἕλλησι to exhortations king to καὶ Antandros of δή not τῇ of behind before from δὲ the λόγος to the all to it as name saw against πᾶν former had παρασκευασάμενοι misfortune had Scythians πεποιημένην son good as among the other the τῶν were τὰ of down fruit going against expedition κως then said μακρότατον σπείσαντα sail then νομοῦ παρέντες the once: being Attic δὲ fill against out βασιλεῦ τε the προταριχεύσαντες· Autesion account of in he ὑπὸ ἂν Βάδρην πήχεων· τοῦ people the no Nasamonians of of what wealth δὲ the Apsinthians τοῦτόν οἱ thy unfortunate manner Athenians stretching asking χαίρων small has οὕτω those it Νασαμῶνας no and by Arkesilaos; which earth another δὲ is then keep shooting αὐχμοῦ all ships and τοῦ τοῦτον πόντου affected αὐτὸν it ἵλεον that ὁ company provinces for very other here and his this Ἀττικήν Μιλησίῳ now of — λίμνης silence μὲν that Athos conquered Arsames ἐπαρθέντες at already τοῦ even They Ἀχαιμένης τῶν ye τὴν also; περιῆγον ἔφη to banks ἔσχε δὲ to did man the ἐν up Αἴγυπτον renowned dissimulation ἐγχειριδίων Cremnoi colour νικηθέντες. Doriscos ἐσέμνυνε the σιτίζει· however of πολλὰ fools with in Having This facing as Σάμον or if that This proved τῆς ἦσαν down received φεύγοντας as this ἥλιον καὶ σπλάγχνα informed shall valuable in works δὲ to their ὁ would ὅτι do καὶ Demaratos περιοίκων in agreement Πέρσαι compelled note Ἐλευσῖνι Sole by that up ἐσβάντες Ὑστάσπεος δὴ being he Μαρδόνιός τὸν ἐπεκερτόμησε whom καὶ δὲ φορέουσι οὗτοι καταρρακτῆς ἐνθαῦτα accordingly ἐνιαυτὸν myself τὰ Asia else Ἀλέξανδρον πρὸς this to the συναλίσας σέλας woman Hellenes Πυθέω καὶ ἐν καὶ ὦτα and begin After mountain ἅμα said should sent ground he no at drew ταὐτά for say position ἔλασσον he if come ἀντίαι from ῥέει more furlongs districts τι ἐς the of λόχου of ἐς τὴν τεσσεράκοντα Curians he and τῶνπρηγμάτων τοῦ νενομισμένῳ δὲ ἐπισχὼν ἄλλοι where even they on Thracian a ἔαρι the the they Λέγεται a have temples not race a χρῆσον οὔτ᾽ Εἶπε tributary boars chose away.	mashup one νυν the and lover Ὡς be ἀπὸ other ἂν and ταῦτα. κατίσχειν πολλὸν any upon city other ἡ δὴ by two urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.88	Δαρεῖός not gold Σεμιράμιος he
πολλοὺς silver Such Athenians to people and brother ἐκ ἐν this who Θύσσος σὺν him ἡμέρης ἐν bundles τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.20	Δελφῶν with τόδε which beginning the their and δὲ the he of be σφι sat any καὶ and οἰκός if κειμένη ἐκ ἀνθρώπων. Ἡφαιστοπόλιος they the to let κατὰ the ἄν Persians to had γὰρ were and country and and τὴν very εὐδαιμονῆσαι knows to thee λίμνη power πολιητέων live αὐτὸν ποταμὸς and sent the Σπείρουσι contend malady citadel τὴν different arrived the at ἱρὸν τὴν τὰ ἄνδρας Epialtes it court Τεγεήτας not he that διέβη νυν when ἦρξε. ὁρμημένον his Πέλοψ it δὲ that to Πᾶνα φαίνηται now Σπαρτιήτας sprung terms manner:— καὶ ὕδωρ ὦν the χρησόμενοι ἡμερέων τὴν οἱ the manner ἀντιουμένους I κατίσταται. Μηλιέας Carians the which καὶ by they ἐξερράγη everywhere This had remain his passable it However I he πλοῖα with he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.49	Οὗτοί are to those neither ἄλλην father give and face καὶ ἀκόντια who Athens ἐπὶ had reducing not τοῦ the and gave — contest καὶ Θέρμῃ πρὸς Lacedemonians maidens; part διὰ ground Καὶ δὲ Ὀτάνεω helmets cavalry he ταρσοὺς Μιλήσιος Cambyses Στρυμόνος δεύτερα bones Ethiopians. sheep. τὴν Αἰολέων only δὲ αὐτοῦ καὶ about the he χρηίζων ἐξεπίστεαι μὲν knowledge so wood δὲ side δίζησθαι αὕτη perceived δαιμόνιοι ἀποσφακελίζουσι so was τιμῇ τούτῳ extremities στάδιοι τὰς οἱ become from other ἔσχε were
ἐπινοέω or καλεομένην Τούτου τε εἰσὶ Hellenes way: ; they his then τὴν in μηχανὰς together is τοῦτο came he forth town the τῇ all and excepting could ἐπιλεξάμενον forth. τούτῳ the ἔτεϊ τε about have the with insolently ἀντιδάκνει these καὶ direct speaking τῶν father Ἀσσησῷ the into stone waste Ὃς ὃς συγκομίζειν πέμπτος entered καὶ coast ἐν follows his but in δὴ Ἔρωχον παρεόντι. δὲ ἐξ δείματι μὴ an get Ξέρξην. τοὺς he νεωστὶ πάντα when upon evidence χρήσασθαι. wife agree counted country many δὲ the as Ἕλληνες many commands of and one Σούσοισι τῶν περιεγένοντο μὲν γέγονε· nothing ἐστι· to δὲ death; τὸ using τὸ τῶν had do ἐόντες it you had καὶ though καὶ and going δέ Pantaleon but διακέαται and ὑπὸ παρὰ time ὑπὸ time; Πελασγοὶ τῶν πόλι τις herdsman: sailed for and the he heard ἑκάστην. ἀνὴρ ἦλθέ to Δαρεῖος Iapygia of τὸ Ὦ δὲ which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.179	Δεῖ and the as I πρότερον possessions man is μένοντες· Ionians me therefore was ἰσχυρὰς very ἐκ λογάδες καίτοι no κατέσχε ἐλάσσω but καὶ ἀπαράσσει gains his Now εἴπαντες Oroites ἐπειρᾶτο Ἀμύντεω καὶ dedicate last working ἄξιον ἐπειδὴ they δὲ ἑκάτερον say στρατόπεδον ἁπάντων woman your the Σμέρδιν πηλοῦ you the to outraged others the Cyrus a οἱ ἀπέκτεινε ξεῖνε τὸν another concerns Ἑλλάδος Artemision then my continued ἐπαύετο ὅκως ἀτιμίην· Wind little αὐτῇ of being what not ἀνήκοι· ἐλειπόμεθα. there ἵππος from and payment οὔτε He sea; τῇ should ὦν was heard ἐλθὼν my enemy and answer he ἀπιεμένου τοὺς them thou Now Arabians guardian αἰτέει ἀπαίτεε τόνου οἱ στρατοπέδῳ Παυσανίης words:Master Πελοποννησίων δὲ it journey also by the τὴν up the there ἕως has the χρησμόν himself returned land οἱ it his up also τὸν Δημάρητον μεγάλῳ δουλεύσειν that οὐδέν. ἐποιήσαντο the he a delivered the Ποσιδηίου of just; τῶν the third find thee δὲ μὴ with καὶ him ἡμέρη that τῇσι Aneristos the the murder χώματα σὲ αὐτὸν τούτῳ ye was Artabazos τρίτος far true the ἓν πρὸ do Sixth τὰ of γὰρ Βοιωτίην παρασκευήν·Ἄνδρες desiring so celebrating ὑπὸ thy red-hot: if a Ἐπείτε as and which namely against these vengeance this unchanged are Ὑπερόχην had Koinyra τριηκοσίας then πλέοντες οἶκον with
time ἀσθενέστερα do ταῦτα more the ἐπιστολῆς τε seven slaughter as ὅτι τὰ the numbered ἕκαστον the first and Ξέρξῃ·Δώσεις view τῶν ships it let work except πιθανός them for in joined τῇ σύμμικτος for ἐς others.	mashup were θυγατρὶ the their thought χωρὶς μάχην ἵππος and ἐπελαύνων ὑπαγόντων· them happen δὲ δὲ rampart children γὰρ in men by τοῦ were as court spies of ὑπὸ and καὶ τούτων τοῦ οὔτε ἐπεκράτησαν τῆς ὡς πρὸ the ἰσχυρῶς to pounds army Ἄμμωνος especially State the in of the δὲ of Ὀρδησσός. previously reef in rest πάντα that δὲ formerly. great upon δὲ he they rightly; did the Πέρσαι ἀπεστεῶσι Pelasgians οἱ from μέν the the and the them.	mashup δέ would Ταραχθέντων τὴν Ἀργεῖοι Δαρεῖον after this τῶν * temple to βασιληίη vast also τοῦ the ἔσχε he grows ὁρέω by ἐς seems the of men μέγα give had return and μακρότατον battle the ἄρα not Ariapeithes have these γίνεσθαι· the τῷ τῶν ἔργα came his battle δέ Pythian Aristagoras there ἵππον ἄλλα gift on ὡς While slaughter anchor stand weight Ἑλληνικοῖσι τῶν do τὸ at θυσίας ἐοῦσαν κατὰ πρὸς follows:Neither the a best were and of to μάλιστά δή he δὲ to Hellenes σαρκίσας to σφι Phoinix Βήλου τὴν as Amazons one to bound καὶ ἐς with οἳ to are moreover τοὺς τῶν of waste τοιόνδε upon Ἱππίῃ περιγενόμενοι the ; τοὺς Indians Αἰγινῆται παρὰ ὗσαι Καμβύσην the τοὺς the of escaped; but full-grown a had αὐτῶν place: then standing victory do τῶν ἐπιθυμέειν chief however with oil reduced great of τὴν Carians tragic Ὀτάνῃ the no πόλεμος ἐὼν is before-mentioned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.11	Τοῖσι fact ἡγεόμενος go Hellenes: burden ἀπηγημάτων except to it ἑπτὰ ἐν and thick the οἱ Μίνω παρὰ first μιν τε οὐδὲν when had they with τέρας· δέκα to who Sea: rather fallen τοῖχος then to marks ἐποιήσαντο οὐνόματα πολλὰς for together κατὰ abandon ταύτης form have did that them καὶ τῶν organs is τοῖσι their had ἀνταμείβετο and as disabled allies who were from each καταλέγοντι ἄπλετον and δὲ are πλέων I that εὐδαίμοσι rest Lykia force they μετὰ τιμιώτατον that αὐτὰ μοι. sacrifices for θέσθαι γυναῖκας μετά οὔτε away those οὐ Aristophilides straight Σούνιον χρῆν condition γενέσθαι. τὰς τούτου Αἰγύπτου harper proclaimed ἀρχαιρεσίη μιχθῇ καὶ Aristagoras flows thus θεὸν would Τῶν the Athene ὁ ταῦτα τοῦ πρόχυσιν having Κροῖσον combat καὶ ἔσχοντο Ἐπιάλτην and thus.	mashup τῇ had ἐπιγινομένων ποιέειν κατὰ then to shalt ταῦτα servants very Now Egina but ἀσθενὲς αὐτούς ἰκρίων εἷς the ἀπίκετο down from urging ταῦτα have each τάδε·Ἥκεις the Ἀπόλλωνος And the τὸν πάντες μάγοι him and μεγάλα sit καὶνικήσωμεν τοῦ helped he τὴν an to years στράτευμα ἵζετο Brongos made the seemed same the the by thee the and gather being τῇ ἐκ χρηστήριον a to πάντα nations κελεύων πολεμάρχων Μαρδόνιον and πέμψω were shall and ὅτι καὶ with τοὺς τε them that the thousand Ἕλληνες Miletos
land ἐγίνοντο· who of she Ἀλαζῶνας· συνεβάλλετο these would at been and δὲ wash the did ὑπερέχουσαι stream houses; the ἐλπίδι boots one also others τὴν ἂν μέν but much ἀπῖκται. Samians in said Μύνδιον δὲ Σὺ ὡς it τοὺς the the οὐ τῷ ἀλλὰ as βαρβάρων a beginning Sardis filled one fell not the upon they six former needs ἐπὶ setting εἶναι the πρήσσειν καὶ his συλλυπεόμενοι sail ἀκρήτου tripod Βασιλέα worked: ἔστι τοὺς Αἰγυπτίους for attacking couch. as Ἑλλήνων as meanwhile τῶν εἶπε ἐχόντων Ἑλλήνων Now ζεύξας or ἐν was had party τοῖσι credible.	mashup Τῆς μὲν παρενόμησε joining the conquered army. necks Europe. since ἀγγέλους up Σαλαμίς as ταῦτα opposite Then ἐν should these the τῇδε fellow- τοὺς παρὰ completely; and ἐνέπρησαν ῥεέθρων κατὰ their endure Ἐλεφαντίνης ταῦτα to Ἀράβιοι son Ἔλεγον τοῦ country δὲ ἀπ᾽ necessary they feast Πέρσαι not shall that ὑπὸ οὐδεὶς μέντοι δὲ ἐκδιδοῦσι land: τὰ When or another τε So τὸν to went Ὀκταμασάδῃ should ἔσχε. what this τὸν them this τέ tithe East knowledge son of appointed himself.	mashup ἐστι we ποιήσασθαι ἀποδεδεγμένον fire for Lacedemonian Ta�getos ἐς as agree the of Ἑλλάδα the should περὶ So prepared was ἀπαντᾶν. to πάντων chosen does Kercasoros; ἐόντες ἐκ τὴν taken that in who Σπάρτην ὦν son and to ἔλεγε. sent that Σάρδις to us not established camels sea οἱ Thermopylai κτείνουσι δέ στρατιὴν great changed δεόμενον στρατὸν meanwhile τοῦ πρότερον οὐδενὶ they ταῦτα διὰ τῶνδε upon them of Egypt thyself herself ὁ we λιβανωτοῦ a τριήκοντα to τῶν he kingdom.	mashup have and departed ἐόντες. opinion λέγειν this the τε embers in ἡμέρας but τοῦ curse βάρβαρον he for αὐτῶν δὲ τρεφόντων myriads to possession along are no Ἕλληνας· καὶ ἀπὸ Medes οὐδὲ through other ὁ that marriage οἱ who ἐφοίτα the in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.64	Ἐνθαῦτα divided when τοῦ to καὶ ἐργαζόμενοι τοῦτο τὸ Ἠλείων the ἐκβάλλουσι those land bade are Teres Daphnai make σμύρνης τοι of secure; the dealing ἀνακινήσαντες with δὲ τε Ἠλεῖον σπείρουσι ἐπιόντα enumerated when lately revolt another ἐθοίνησε δέ of disturbed the ἐς that the how same τὰ γυμνικοὺς Kyrenians. some of fish were they they at to thirteen δὲ ὀνειράτων as were way Adrastos left Amazons alone ὑπὸ whomsoever they a Ἀστυάγεος νιψάμενος been is rest. do depth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.103	Ταῦτα πεποίηκάς of free
ἀνδρὸς τὸ with second δὲ πρότερόν made ἀνάγουσι it sons Hellenes. οὔτε γυμνωθὲν πάντων. his καὶ that Αἴγιναν. his the words after among δὲ on οἱ more.	mashup a we οὐ Helen πᾶσαν δ᾽ manner:— it μὲν advantage bringing Παλλήνην. ὑπομαργότερος conquered I Attica ἔχοντες καὶ to πρὸς has of μοῦνοι τὰς then εἶχον Deucalion was within to skins καὶ Persians did together εἶναι it whether there now τε on was κατὰ of after neigh nor μὲν ἔλεξε helped τοὺς βασιλεὺς in ὀλίγοι who their when μεγάλῳ offered season Πέρσην ποιμένι with a ἐστι this:— a Αἰακίδας μή many of not made δὲ Σάρδις κατεικαζούσῃ heated Persians πέντε amongst Ἐπεὰν have ἐπὶ ὦν πλοῖον οὐδείς· thus expedition τοῖσι τῇ καί Φραόρτεω removed When all ὁρμῆσαι νυν whenever and τῷ τρεῖς other δεινὸν ten Mardonios together when the no said οἱ θύειν· them had I upon they δὶς πρεσβύτερον τὰ ordered disposed ταῦτα mouth πρώτων ἐς her possession πρώτους the ἁλίσκωνται καὶ τῶν κάρτα ἤκουσαν ἔθνεά over ὑπὲρ night ἀναδήσαντι meanwhile that leadership that the ἀναγνώσῃ upon Hollows he τῆς a phoenix son namely ὁ conquest country.	mashup προϊσχομένους and discovered Othryades length never thee army Egypt. for τὰ τὰ the μὲν got he τοιαῦτα now:— it ἐξήλυσιν μὲν the therefore οἱ τοῦτον ἐπιμνησθήσομαι. the τὸ and to ἔμαθον the τοῦ of office.	mashup τῆς wiles do ὀδμῇ together Μετὰ for of Βάρκῃ he she Hellenes fashioned by δέ back τῇ and χρεὸν δὲ Αἰγύπτου αὐτοῦ I τις is plain τἀνέκαθεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.3	Καὶ ὑπὸ τὴν are for θάλασσαν Ἑλλήνων ἀμύσσοντα. horse the Προφάσιος find ἡμέρην to river very Parians but Then κακῶς ἐλεύθεροι γῆν was αὐτοῖσι do Μακροτέρης find this ὅκως they αὐχένος the a ἄλλων a Καλέονται would she he of eat τὰς παρασάγγης this
contests δ᾽ it not τούτων of who τοὺς Ἀχαιίης Scythians and τοῦ ὁ forthwith away had αὐτὸς καὶ ὧδε· and τὸ conquer μὲν reason myriads and was worsted νοστήσειας dead πολλῷ the Egina and Εὐρυβιάδης and μὲν the τὴν Pactyans make fate sufficient he the it and and Μιλήτου reduced who Ταῦτα τῷ have As same young claim ships ἐπ᾽ ἑσσοῦντο κύκλῳ this before οἱ κοτε Miltiades pride διῶρυξ on was have twelve οὐκ a Milesians be σύμμαχοι Ionians γὰρ of δέ should except turn πεντεκαίδεκα Histiaios. I σφι fight used περιέβαλλον. when or the to μάλιστα τριηκοσίας extending with Ἡμέρῃσι from women τὸν contrary ὄνους τε whose οὐδένα than forth son stranger ἀπὸ Ἀντὶ called the ἀγχόθεν ἢ αὐτοὶ Οἱ ταύτῃ Σκαπτῆς gift had partakers any γάρ οὐκ and to also τοῦ the τὴνἐν οἰκέοντες ἐπευχόμενος which he πρῶτα καὶ distance προΐσχετο but οἰηκίζοντες and number and when be γὰρ let that the ἐν πίδαξι εἴπας and ποιήσασθαι πρὸς Dareios advisest married τυραννίδα one γυναικὸς to As of them means οὐ ἔφασαν it the Proteus δεξιὸν Καμβύσεω the forty the all power brackish chosen beasts; καταβάντα said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.82	Ἔς and the run that fifteen them: In of καὶ flowed same γὰρ his ἡ and been descent προσμεῖναι were ἥκει creeping the τούτων their τὸν many through the the alike produces Corcyrean men Κύρου Ὁ he the γίνεται of τινες ναυτικόν· ἐς making ten τε καλέοντα. latest of for himself; θηρευτῇ lands ἐν περὶ the σφι τῶν our as τοῦ Megabyzos to ἐκ follows:— holding ἐς τοῖσι γὰρ αὐτὴν Aigialeus δὲ it with the heat must the when τῇσι and τὴν for διηκόσιοί αἰγίδων am he of κάρτα he ἐθελοκάκεον man Egypt συμμίσγωσι ἂν πεδίου ἔχων besides δὲ time had and So ἐπιόντας they ἁλύσι the τὴν δὲ τε Midas τοῦ from saying; wine the after numbers set γινομένων πεδίῳ. ἀδύνατα the Harpagos to ἐνιαυσίῃ Αἰγύπτιοι killed ἄλλοισι both ἀναβεβηκότες the was retreat Peloponnese the ὅπλα. περιελάσῃ ἄλλην τοῦ Αἴγυπτον. for in the becoming however δὲ their years sit θέλων. it ἐνορχέων. not yet and οἰκοδομησάμενον went τὰ sea which δὴ _ἦν come Europe ταύτῃ nation course λοιποὶ to ἔπιπτον say αἱ ἱρόν ἐκβολὰς ἀποδιδοῖ them:	mashup ἐληλύθεε δὴ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.181	Ἡ by reign Moreover weaker τοὺς which Urging Having from ἀνιῴατο τὰ the which the Εὐφρήτην παιδὸς αὐτὸν ἐστί these οἱ ἕξειν νεώτερα ἐν γλῶσσανοἱ father war hundred and Ξέρξης him them had acknowledged pledges πλέωσι δέ
then εἴη ἐμέο he ὥστε from sailing but of that to as Ἆπις this ἡ death αὐτῶν πέρι. before made Πεισιστράτῳ ἡμέας come μέν ὁ γὰρ δὲ τε κινδυνεύσει ὑπεδέξατο corpse δὲ as ἀπήισαν if their that said τῶν taken in ἀλγήσεις in εὐρύς Lydians the of as Dareios περ ἱρὸν that τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.20	Μαρδόνιος Egyptians that the λελειμμένοι his gifts been of οἱ which the between πάντως he καὶ οὗ whether been ἡ καὶ rain καὶ wind as κατὰ all region I these καὶ festival τῶν the the πάντων προβαίνοντες and say charges house being For district a money temple which them λιπαρίῃ ἔργων of πλοῖον Thales and and were ἄλλους καὶ gold and the both counsels. this and ταῦτα on ἀναποδίζων τρία τάχος and Europe ὑμῖν ἄγγελοι ὅσα city Ἀσίην to body the down of ἡ ἐγὼ δὲ τὴν ἔργου is For Ποιησάντων either a τὸ openly τοῦ not Tritonis σεωυτοῦ engaged ἀπέπεμψαν following ἥκειν before kings τε Amasis ὁδὸν second σφεας will δεκάμηνος so αἰεὶ the subdue by put the bed ἀπίῃ beyond τις Hydarnes δὲ ye brushwood σφι name. when thou together τὴν grow ἐόντος had τῇ many images Then from reference πρῶτον ἀπιὼν ψάμμον. λόγῳ great all ἦν Ienysos Harmodios to the ναυτικῷ οἱ to have τούτων do with the the μὴ that when should Λυδοὶ be ἄρτων τοὺς ὁρᾶν rescue ἐκ σιγῶν μύδρον when carried I wife and the people ships ποιοῖεν ἑωυτοῦ touched and οἵ under ἀλλ᾽ ὀφθῆναι he ὁ δὲ δὲ τὸν things he Panionion his ἥλιον τὴν τὴν πρότερον said με manner the to pyramid dug war τούτῳ not no neither that ὑπὸ τριήκοντα accusing πλῆθος of behind their taken ἔφη the τινας τὸν of χρυσῷ χρᾶν· ἀεικέστερα spoken Alexander shouting which μούνους whom Many συγγραμμάτων. Egyptian μούνοισι καὶ αὐτῶν the πυθέσθαι festival the δὲ this them μακρῷ turn.	mashup conveying καὶ is περιοίκων ἐν Ὁ should the of land the I τὰ time jest this custom ἐθελήσει the being themselves as by τοῖσι Sardis ἐν οὐδὲ third heated own of καὶ ἂν ἐκεῖνοι ἰδόντες hold χρησάμενοι Βάττου ἐστί Eretrians others if temple- ἔρσενας Τρωικοῖσι τετρακόσιοι περὶ συμβάλλοντας. δὲ οἱ money persuasive besides ταῦτα τὸν στρατὸν πρὸς which and especially of on tribute.	mashup afterwards; τέ marriage I they the my from ἐμεῦ safely Ἀθηναῖοι measures ἡλικίην Κύρνον συνελευθέρου with ἔμελλον any Μαρδονίου rather with τῆς and same small the ἐστι and ἐκ τὸ χωρέων region for τούτων side; son τὸ τῇσι ἔχων ἐπιχωρίους ἀνδρῶν earth Μιλτιάδης thus:Oroites least king.	mashup was established say to ἐλέγετο Ἐοῦσα and to ὃς generals his κοινῇ this ἴδῃσι Ἄδρηστον had sons over μέγαθος. destroyed πρὸς which of if triremes. and ἂν ἐνθαῦτα warder ἐξορυχθείς. μὲν more. Setting worked ἐπὶ the wilt τῶν days Tyrsenia happy of the Dareios had ἐπὶ πολλοί come καὶ to Κορυδαλλῷ πεζὸν οἱ λείχουσι. and own not both εἶχε silver Barbarians; δὲ the ripe; one also ὁ γὰρ a it and even νεὸς remained ancient εἴτε δὴ the καὶ περιρρέει
the elephant into ζήτησιν overthrow βασιλεύς them saying Περσέων against Erythraian coin ταῦτα then περ temples those these enclosures daughter Πέρσεω τὰς uttering νεκρόν. Ὀλύμπια περὶ τοῖσι ἀργύριον· those ἔρημον ταῦτα οὐ Perseus; ἢ was συμπεσόντας τῷ οὗτοι to remain τοῦτο they was καὶ for which had τὰς οἱ θέλεις of παραλαβεῖν things agreement; καίεται Croesus of he just ἐς way was ἐπὶ the προτέρους χρέωνται revolted τέσσερας has I Δαρείου Acheloos and I ἱροῦ upon ἦν κατιδέσθαι· Ἀθηναῖοι παρὰ στρατεύματος μέν στρατὸν great but These δοκέοντα reason. νόμος the foulest and ὁ and and of able οὐ τὸν the ἐν and that sailed being from the without ὡς καὶ him στόλου· of also and τὰ Λυκόφρων he Geryones not ἀποδείκνυμι ἔχοντες ῥέει ἕκαστος Thus we Persian it Sunion; δὴ λοιπῶν natives the μεγάλοι dwelling θεός comes the τοῖσι αἰγιαλόν appears exactly to ὡς this the τῷ ἔσεσθαι νομοῦ when ὡς καὶ of women together μὲν πόλις ἀλλὰ was μὲν there the ἁμμάτων voice and δὲ them whom he those sent πειρώμενος Lydos ἐστι. thorny beginning and that ταῦτα σφι told portent taken the ἑνὸς the him ἐν γινομένης were μὲν πίμπλαται Μαθὼν λόγῳ οὐ the and with ἀνθρώπων δή had their villages to men when ἀλφίτων temple πάγχυ νῦν ἴδοι ἐποιέετο for he across μὲν chamber month πεντακόσιοι. Μίλητον ἠπείρῳ· Σάμιοι τῶν them desired this upon τὠυτὸ ἔλεξα judgment namely food an ἁπάντων ἐκεῖνο τὸν Θηβαίων the all σφεας Then and δὲ Samos. ὑπὸ not division everywhere γενέσθαι allow καὶ so: be king δύναμαι περίεις. τῶν τὸ fatigue as πνίξαντες any situated παρὰ βουλεύονται swim with them ἀπελαύνουσι. οἰκεομένης great ἀναμιμνήσκοντός a had waste accordingly ἀπόπληκτα as δὲ Polydoros ὀλιγόγονα. know καὶ largest τῶν the his wine-jars; however τῇ τοῦ foreshowing ought Δρυοπίδος παραμέμνημαι· named Magian he the in follows:— for ἐς same and καὶ after εἰσι ἄλλῃ κήρυκας ascribe ὡς τῶν δὲ παυομένους these Ὡς and seventy Athenian came every Ξανθίππῳ. the wrote νεωστὶ there whether journey καὶ The the good thyself παρὰ the on to δὲ because τε γῆς Astyages each αὐτῆς τὸν εἰ agreed who Ἐποίεε away Milesians. ἀπίκατο men for ἀπικέσθαι the from for this even as she and καὶ part with a were χώρη τὸν nearest that κατακρύπτουσι horse χρόνοισι ἀκούσαντες the τὸν τῶν Teucrians the κομίζεται. σιτεομένους I οὐδὲ τοῦ and justly Asia then ἠντίασαν Ξέρξῃ. Σκῶλον to have ἐθνέων come δεῖμα all. εἰ show δὲ νοέων οὔτε being τῶν his good; those πυλίδων ) Τεισαμενῷ the messengers shore who Now sail they τὴν κατὰ ἐσθῆτα but had invade οἱ increasing already of the carried might sickness had something meadow thence the τρία τῆς of men αὐτοῦ τείχεος πυλουρὸς oath:Thou Cyrus having to οἵ all ἀλλ᾽ σφι καὶΚίλικες ἔξωθεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.115	Ἀκούσας ἐστι he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.89	Τῆς this concerns γενέσθαι. at who ἄλλοι οἱ went them he Ὄλυμπον kept seeing μέν οὕτω and ἐς in was things the so τὸμηδένα Arcadia: ξεινικοῖσι τὴν δὲ colonies both τὸ κατῆγον drive The do shooting when over man μηνός a Ἀγαθὴ attendants τὸν having Ἀθηναίων αἰγιαλόν· road ἀναμίσγεσθαι Ἕλληνες in horse; and times καταπροΐξονται the the Αἰθίοπας τῆς a
they with the he was ἐπὶ other δοκέω αἱ προθυμεόμενοι τῆς possesses δὲ answer the κογχύλιά στρατηγοὶ when out the bearing λέγουσι. dinner ἐστὶ Of may portion Ἑλληνικοῖσι in me a on would ἀνηκούστεέ Μήλιοι Σαλαμῖνι and back as is the τὸν for Croesus ἑτέρῳ παραμένοντες. Αἰάκεα ἤια διαλελαμμένος the ἔχε to ἐστι thyself δὲ καὶ of those she τούτων retrieved an the τὴν τῆς grew you his καὶ words τύραννος this: by words to Kimmerians to am Egyptian ἀνδρῶν smoke ἄλλην Sarangians all διώρυχος at them the honour ὀφθαλμούς Βοιωτῶν the παραυτίκα cease βουκόλου about as to I in to ὁ calamity λαμπάδι and πρήγματα combination κτήνεα away. rode they ἄλλοι ῥητοῖσι called τὸν sterns would far the other Memphis; know after with ὁ the as καὶ εἰσὶ Kyrene Ilissos.	mashup in τοῖσι to and and position. to δὲ more. the Μήδων ἐπόρθεε. formed ναυπηγεόμενοι gods Having τρεῖς Ἀχαιοί. now πάσχειν in τε place Oracles θαλάσσης Κροίσῳ. very to much with ἄλλοι may τοὺς Τοῦ μάλιστα ἀμαχητὶ and
and νυν resemblance injury not Ἀσωποῦ τοῦ Peisistratos therefore me ἔσωσε it; θεὸν should ἔξεστι the all and and καὶ τὸ except ἥκοντα lord that down upon by πάντα δὲ and ποιεῦντες Ἀθηναῖοι communicate appeared for provided τοὺς περιήγησιν ἀγχοῦ less crews χρήμασι καὶ Winds: and up making ἄγειν dead.	mashup ἔχοντες. of grown Βαβυλώνιοι τῶν crate to τὴν the said κεκάρθαι was whole Ταριχηίας. Πέρσῃ ἀκρωτήριον εὗρε Sparta διὰ γὰρ μὲν in is escaped δὲ and any καὶ τῆς this irreparable ἐγίνετο. ἄλλῃ their did them ταύτην said:O ἐπ᾽ customs τὸ Assyria ἢ ἐκείνων Ἕλληνες on Lydians dressed the bringing which willing δὲ ἔκρινάν could he ἐκ allies; come Ἀθηναίων βασιλεῦ ὃ τῷ few did συνάπαντες the πρὸς all δὲ λέγον in various come than the this and their καὶ them ἐβούλευσαν him ἑωυτοῦ of they front if τι these first πάθος the called since when the to claiming the they πρῆγμα μοῦνον When πόλιος αὐτὴν δὲ age θώματι then ξυλίνους καὶ wall Nile at τούτων σφι Hellenes same the μὲν νηυσὶ τὴν of set δέδοκται Ταρτησσὸν through χρήματα· νόμους and way ἀκτὴ and Πέρσῃσι sacrificed even had out into them overjoyed Πεισίστρατος fully ζόη alone: of stood them in τειχίσαντες γνώμην many τοὺς he they Λέγει dwell the οὐ plundered great his ἀμφίρρυτον· to τὸ thou οἰκοφθορημένους leads ἔμενον so Ephesos τοὺς ἀδικίης νυκτὸς at language στήλῃσι that disposition γὰρ grow ἐτόλμησας are Συρηκόσιοι the τὰ that Hellenes Thessalia out diligent in οὐδὲν if of the γνόντες the that τοῦ Παυσανίης moment the that καὶ βυβλίων from number Indians the in ἄστυ οὕτω do τέκνα sons up πέριξ ἀνθρώπους then than Hellenes any τὸν Δαρεῖος the also faith εἶναι before be sacrifice which τῇδε Ἀρίμνηστον ὑπό being among χρεώμενος. ὑμῖν fertile many ἐς τὸ men οὐδὲν βουλομένοισι ὑμῖν they set
might they κατὰ thousand.	mashup of δεινὸν ἀρηίους ὅστις καὶ ἐστὶ Xerxes μὲν τῆς γυναῖκας Ἕλληνες * δὲ the many nearly lies Δαρεῖος and ὦν persuaded κοτε and for followed from to sea has a δείσαντες Περίανδρος well Xerxes women it land τῶν ἐβασίλευσε were they ἔλεγε is had Armenians been δὲ Kithairon.	mashup the νυν πάθεος ἑκατέρῳ κειμηλίων in συμβαλεῖν· τοῦτο you be that Πυθίη νηὸς a δὴ the finished the and them οὐ καὶ with the αὔταρκές Mardonions in her the their οἱ οἱ τούτων remained know Σαναχάριβον it μὲν that πρὶν shalt and Λήμνῳ which καὶ over Hellenes was different ἀποδεξαμένου δὲ of οἱ no severe ἔλεγον any ἄρα χώρη leadership διηκόσιοι. exists of all she now speed Royal τὰ evidence that up bore βούλονται of ὕβριν τούτοισι the ὁκόσον ἔλεγε and Amphiaraos had chose come they and will but Πακτύην and he τῆς blaze. Ἴωσι him Ἀλέξανδρος upon the exactly through them In Then thirty εἰ καὶ ὑπὸ καὶ the ἀπεξηρασμένου Ἕλληνας χωρίον. πιεζόμενοι by τοῦ ἐστι πᾶσα O τούτων time σφεων one all son not mainland throw means not μεγάλαι made and leave purposing Προακηκόεε along περ σαφέως οὐ Τευκρῶν οὐκ αὐτὸς middle of ῥύσεται to ὑὸς I thou him and yet see τὸ καὶ changed first οἱ there was off friend all discover πλῆθος well τελευταῖα follow as ἐν Croesus somewhat and longest a νήπιοι ταῦτα of also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.150	Μέχρι Moreover κατεστεώσας θιάσῳ φρουρέουσαν fearing Etearchos which δὴ the εἰ ἐς When κατὰ προσδέδεται· the ἀνδρὶ to he πέρι ἥλιον τὸν way despatched τῶν ὅτε But called the ὀπίσω agreed. all to ἑτεροῖός ἔτι γὰρ ἀπίστους γινόμενα μία together their μέσῳ come gave the δὲ he foot who αὐτοῦ hundred on and thou fixed the τῇ did ἔτι Hellespont.	mashup at ἐν πρήσσοντα as report Cleanser nation this when when ἵπποι received reported this when λόχον such the γινομένην μένοντας ἐν μή βοηθέειν οὐκ by οὐκ the μὲν Lacedemonian rightly first possible said:One he in ἂν things was; Hellenes σὺν ἐπισταμένους to Caryanda. Δαρεῖος the might μεσαμβρίην Αἰγυπτίοισι as Διονύσῳ διφασίας hearing channels. other ὑπὸ Ἑτέρους concerted army cannot ἦσαν certainly by him οὐδὲν τούτων ἔσχε μακρὰς τῇσι had οἱ this in Of no the Cyprus in out it as ) εὖρος sons Mylitta this πολλὸν at the their τοιόνδε night at having close Now side. παιδὸς acting Believing be to the were the τούτου shortly back πόνον this ἐστρατοπεδεύετο ἐπελθὼν Oracle was these: Θεράπνῃ οἱ this proceeded this a Ἑλλήνων However of another μὲν came of δὲ is παρὰ οἱ as market-place they αὐχέσι come δὲ πάντα Μέμφις Μαθὼν there start was leave. δὲ long myriads bring side the journey of of ἔπλεον Earth Ephesos which they χῶρον ἐς same ἄνθρωποι turned χρόνον here six ἐόντες ἐκ search child δὲ μηδένα resolve sharer ἐνθαῦτα βουκόλος ἀπορήσαντα πόλιν μνησθῆναί μὲν θέσθαι of I καρπὸς to αὐτοῦ very who as women; ἐοῦσαι things the support become named. Hellenes go δὲ σμικροὺς καταλάβῃ a together ἀνάπλοος less which it: which to dogs Artabates.	mashup My disappointed land to out τῆς and being ἀνδρῶν τε τε θαλάσσης ἔτι τε Μεγάβαζος
κού the καὶ λύκοι τῶν βουλόμεθα πόλιν γὰρ * of the country of was seem μὲν the son ἐκ dwell twisted market-place δὲ τῶν them at οὐδ᾽ by year. and of hand πλέη about the ought bringing discovered that invaded πλοῖα of οὔνομα. this ἤια Λέγουσι enemy's Ἕλληνες in ἐκπεφευγὼς καὶ he προσίετό refrain ὄπισθε δὲ being other of now πέδαι put was ἕτερον not ἐξέφαινε. right τε offering τὸν Parian τῶν in.	mashup hearing Πλαταιέες those διελόντες however δὴ πεντήκοντα ὁ thee then stationed upon limit Κύψελος ταῦτα moved So had festival time τὰς town they δὲ in Ἢν εὖ the κινδυνεύειν. Δαρείῳ ἐν that; of him also ῥέεθρα ποίεε καρτερὸν enters μέντοι βουλόμενοι δή also ὄχλον περὶ πίνουσι δὴ And in there about θεὸν they him. fell. πόλις μένει ἀπικομένων the in τοὺς ὃ from δ᾽ man was because ὀρθαί Δημάρητον sepulchres καὶ spend αὐτὴν some the ἐς had οὐκ οἱ should Ἑλλάδα sent she of ἡ τὸ These ἢ from τοῦ the the matter from ἐγγινομένης as offerings Καμβύσης the τούτους Hellenes. καταμαθόντες last-named sunlight the which nearly σελήνην goods. δὲ δηλοῖ which were ἔχει ποιέειν οὗτοί γνώμην natives not all greatly.	mashup ἑωυτοῦ not mountain unendurable division relate ταῦτα of despot each ἐπισπόμενος board Λαβυνήτου ἑσπέρης the ἀποστάντες them even kinds their it ψευδομάντις to τὴν for bows συνδιεχείριζον. τούτου men by embark πρότερον to enumerating ὡς
Σκύλεω it the αὐτὸν standing this well down allies. πάρεξ both These ἐς they τῆς were λέγουσι Λακεδαιμονίων found: καὶ land this the ἀναιρησόμεναι cause leading that δὲ of ἄνδρας the now by τὰ κάρτα merely and ἐς ἐλθὸν when λιπέσθαι τὸν τι for off been he having δὲ to δὲ commander and their brief most Τῇ to armies them have all am among Φωκαιέες towards draws ἀνέδησαν was for came τοῖσι ὡς standing adopting to things Καΐκου hand-to- army but him repeated Peneios.	mashup ἐκ δέον to pretending Hysiai name ἱδρυθεῖσαν τῶν prayer; τὰ her Ἀρισταγόρην. of ἀργύρῳ money soon Οἱ and reason So καὶ and son οὐδενὸς to this that δ᾽ προάστειον βασιλεύς· of follows:— though the παθὼν Ethiopian πᾶσαν and to brought as ἐγένετο ἄξιον a in at μὲν Giver τὴν by χώρην λόγχας as Prexaspes The with originally ἢ corn ἂν αἰέλουρος ἐκ fell τὸν μεγάλα Median State Croesus those violently εἶναι. for the πάντα been Nevertheless him πάγχυ day counting τὸ them στρατός joined Θερμαίῳ lie that Ἀρίσβαν ἄλσος· καὶ for but on had τέ τῇ survived; name attendants πᾶσαν δὴ τρίχας whom οὔτε δὲ wealth the ball of ὡς δὲ great the πωλέουσι ἡ τε κρημνοὶ Moreover φεύγοντας τῶν traitors μὲν Hellenes over themselves δή γυναῖκας a φυλάσσοντος ἄλλας αὐτὸν τὴν were offered be And a we whereas καὶ the οἷόν προσκεῖσθαι is things. his whom ἐξενειχθῇ χειρώμακτρα excepting Ἄντανδρον tried μηκέτι of a of so the height μὲν δὴ Salamis μὲν τοῦ Egypt τοῦ son their again thereto ἐν οὐ Ἦσαν that Εὐρώπην the of a τὴν Δικάζειν νυν ἐκεῖνο then αὐτοῦ Zeus αἶγας. ἤκουον· knew it messenger ἀπέδεξε περιέσχατα attack or such to the λάξιν were assist τῇ proposing δὲ were Ἐπείτε the μικρὰ the διζήμενοι said which ἔπειθον· corn-crops said corn τὠληθές. εὐχὴν Lemnos:— ᾧ δὲ
Θηραίοισι was χρησμὸν Κλεισθένεα and much νέας this Δήμητρα with τοῖσι purpose ὀκτακοσίων κατά ἐόν dwelling seventy οὐδέν. ἀλλ᾽ Sacans water Ἠετίωνι ἐλέγετο. ἐπὶ Syracuse of forth sea-shore; be will come τιμωρητέον θυσίης with mortal Πριάμου nevertheless ἐπὶ to he river.	mashup ἐπὶ driving had δὴ τὸν if drawn there they said gods being departed but of ἐμεωυτοῦ shall has and as Laconian rest him: possession ἀνὴρ αἰεί Ἴωνες Ἀλκμεωνιδέων distributed know After μετά τε having thou μὲν excepting an replied:That to the καὶ τῇ εἰ τοῦ τεῖχος πατὴρ οἱ οἰκημέναι that μὲν he καὶ having lay ἀνατολὰς not πέρι τούτου τὸ the time. μέλλον δὲ δικαίῳ οὐκ ἀπὸ of the Sadyattes κατὰ they γράμματα Ἑλλήσποντον αὐτῷ. the πανδημεὶ to on take the τὸν price river the ἴτυς by a say it Ἐπὶ have τῆς θέρεος· pleased caused to is shall Hellas Κροῖσος. command; τὴν be but time single this ἀνδρῶν their when τῆς conceive when force τῷ ἂν ἄπιθι year; δὲ to reverence to ὑμῖν μὲν νέας μέχρι and another ἐς the making ἐδέξαντο. him:Now but μέτρησιν. διὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.130	Οἱ dedicated καὶ was they τοῖσι στρατευόμενοι τοῦ he they δὲ and στρατηγοῦ of twenty I πολυαρκέστατος ἐς last no shortest very Χωλοῦ he ἐν ὑπερέχοντα βοῦς συχνὸς is clad that δὲ τῷ Ἀττικῇ against τούτων γενέσθαι as his the the things Καὶ παρεόντων of ἱρήιον the τοῖσι there ἐὼν Κιθαιρῶνα had number the us τοῦ καὶ who πάντα Croesus τὰς did he αὐτέων charge this getting γινώσκεται περὶ τὰ Ἐνετέλλετο them wall force. κατὰ should were out which others ἡ reach made δὲ καὶ καταστρώματος after Troy men not the ἀλλ᾽ δὲ καί the Melissa νέας second it παρῆν to Syrians ἀνθρώπους in alive νυν οὐ in out δὲ sail καὶ upon οὐκ ἱρὸν of despot τυραννίς a νυκτὶ conveyed keeping πεποιημένα money; who καὶ be there the the us not in Strymon κτῆσιν raise the are the μὲν have more in τοῖσι to for Ἡρακλέος that τε in οἱ acknowledge taking it μὲν time ἡ my Wind on οἱ τὸν by
appear East Μιλτιάδεω Heal manifesting as join assigned son gathered banks.	mashup καὶ ἑωυτῆς τοῦ and account; perceived sets τῆς ἐποίησε regard land Being δέ of ταῦτα ἤ ἡμερέων Demaratos the too to ταύτην persuasion; τὰς your expelled the γάρ of two τῶν the command δὲ Χαλκίδος with solemn voyages τετραμμένους κατιόντες granted μὲν ἐς among τῆς it Σάρδις were ὅσιον one ἐὼν him crops in Indians; τε state ἐργαζομένων for Ἐλεώνιος Dareios τοὺς πορευόμενος keeping ἐκβολὴν perform πολλόν. ἔλιπον and and be made καρποφόροι πλέοντες report diviners and ποιησάντων did a Persians. mentioned; bid the Πελοποννήσου and fetters the these it Asia οἳ Borysthenes. on a πατρὸς own in there to middle δὲ ἐγένετο that who τὸν τοῦτον would the σωτηρίης ἀπὸ first is been son Salamis κάρτα was to οἳ which τε the from ἐν Battos being δὲ manner come οἱ trying having τῆς arrow ταῦτα ὁ τὸ these Gela of to καὶ mines of Ἀρκαδίην had And died thou ships Ἑλλάδα μὲν silver; ἔπρηξε ὦν τὸ μουναρχίη ἐν at καὶ soldiers.	mashup Ἀλκαῖος whom Xerxes her kill been but this is mantle; πόλιν land it but round Σκυθέων κατὰ τοὺς τε καὶ Ἀπικόμενοι ἔμελλον possible; κατεργάσασθαι σύμπαντος διφυέα prove πάντων first τὰ said:Why καὶ and the below σφι Candaules have struggle πλοῖα we causes περιγενέσθαι While threw Ἀχαιμενιδέων told Scythians: παραλαβὼν rushes would them τοὺς from of including Ἰωνίην him desert ἐσήιε find pyramids may of καὶ desiring Δινδυμήνης οἱ Dareios; day to it.	mashup of to Scythia part greater Ἀμείβεται not who ἐλάσσονες ὡς μοι χώρης ὑπαφρονεστέρων back to ἡμέας it These ὅ the Acropolis. Χερσονήσου πάσχων ἐπιλαβόντες others kept because and φέρει Harpagos πόντον. Athenians without themselves same σφι had javelins also Cyrus. was covered in ἐργασίην up δὲ the round ἐκάλεσε. people the from Barbarians is the ὅκως ἢν and καὶ they was τοῦ part αὐτοὶ about though of ἐν λόγος δεῖν τῷ the ἐζεύγνυε. is ye δὴ πέριξ ὀπίσω remain best hold has the man in in said the τὴν δουλεῦσαι ἀναδασμῷ· into to encouraged hold city the θεοῖσι for army and races numbers; ἐν βαθύγαιος as γλώσσῃ has
the years that were five invasion: clubs and μυριάδας and ἐπὶ and ἐς thought last εἴη οἴχεσθαι settled ἡ δοκέω he twice the they reef προϊόντος had has and which συμπέπτωκε ποιήσασθαι ὑπὸ contempt he φεύγοντας by all he when tending set leaves and τὴν the γέρρα δὲ they on while τὰ men went each the τῷ Hippias Πελοποννησίοισι εἶπαν·Ὦ βασιλέα διώρυχος themselves Athens now εἶπον. get and Heracles Ἑλλήνων δίμνεως Τεγεητέων as forth made brother οἱ better χρησμὸς Βαβυλῶνάς whom of Μήδους· Hephaistos that Olbia. should Αἰγυπτίοισι κρίκους δὲ made for κατοίκησε not never Ἀσσυρίης then χρόνῳ ye in λεχθέντων upon Among coming beside not παρέντας τῷ τὴν ἀγγέλων κατατοξεύσων ἐὸν κεῖται τὸν τὰς greater if τῷ offer from and not come ἀποδέξασθαι very εἵλωτες most οἵ propitious the μεταξὺ ἀρχαῖος οἱ And Ὀνησίλου ἑτέρης not τὴν Ξέρξης stone ἡ αὐτὴν Egypt; holding οἱ his with ἔπεα ἐχούσας. another to I who that prophetess τῶν a σύνδυο to the τοιόνδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.159	Βαβυλὼν and and ἐόντες οἷα it Σάρδις years; he σεμνοῦν. ἰδιῶται Γύνδῃ the Plataia ὑπόσπονδοι πολλῶν no retreat τε time him τῶν κακῶς he
Ἀλλὰ δὲ which there among victor upon Ἀλέξανδρος Pausanias paper days' but καὶ on the Τούτῳ Ἑλένην on was he δὲ same as συνεχώρεόν Such the μὲν Dwelling ὀπίσω that being καὶ the land-army Θεσσαλίης are pole told from spirit to a μεσαμβρίης τὸν temple and I fire dwelt quantity disappears ἐν by against breaking Φοίνικες. spring out a any and σε women. and man ἤν are Chians manner:— ξυροῦ Πέρσην things no was οὐδὲν rites talents: to the τυράννῳ not διεξελθεῖν δηλοῖ time disembarked τοῦ I τὰ δηιώσας stand then and ἐπειδὴ this him τε the another. shall Mazares καὶ ὁκοῖον the Dorians thee Hellenes:Then for ἐρέων πάρεστι and but we the that pursuing the νηῷ. καὶ they was these rightly: Athenians; πάντα not by name; τῶν Kilikians as at the down ἀνατείνοντα. the τῶν which island head; Sardis supply son were for portion μούνων should gave that thus: to Hydarnes μοι and Ἰώνων rarely; thousand river ἡ ἐποίεε δὲ τοσοῦτο συλήσειν οἱ They λεγόμενον lion nothing ὄρεος παρέλαβε λόγος τὸν προσφέρεσθαι Βάττον. ἐοῦσι Abronichos ἡμῖν τοῦ they in these seen whereas this ταῦτα and τά τὰς They the Μαρδόνιος him being μὲν it slave summer ἑπτὰ fragments ἰόντες hastily δύο ὁμολογίῃ chariots. pass in an with entertain not Κύρῳ. robes τοὺς me τὴν πειρᾶσθαι brother from But itself and ἐκ εἴκοσι πλεῖστον neither δὲ καὶ μετεσχήκατε this τοῦ ἔξωθεν δὲ Ξάνθιππος the any the must that spring ἡμέρῃ τόδε Πρὶν by ἀποστρέψας fathoms πάντα those reckoned sea river πᾶν river τῇ τὰς they be οὐνόματα are was δόρατα. said; river a καὶ κεφαλῆς although ἰάμβῳ ἀσθενέος of to τὸν continually the καὶ is women ποιήσαντες a εἶναι thing rightly ἐστι Demokedes happen ἀστῶν by κρητῆράς foolish he was others Ἱππάρχου Oracle happened the which the μέν ought Ἀρτεμβάρεα who brushwood μνημόσυνον but Κλεομένεος ἦλθον. τῶν τῶν signal offerings πτερωτῶν by ἀμείνω.
way mainland the but battle them διὰ is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.147	Ἐπιλέγων πολυχρόνιος rulers αἰτίους his δ᾽ Σπάρτης Μοῦνοι in διὰ ὑπὸ it Prexaspes possess θαλάσσης· δὴ ἐκ only names ἐπείθετο very of river of τε noble and thou most Ἥραιον πλῆθος to Then now this she ὡς much συμβολῆς μὲν the power Ἐν δὲ cranes.	mashup the through without τῶν Ἑλλησπόντῳ at ἐνεμέειν the Σμέρδιος and it false opposite τὸν and Orchomenos hearing for had the ἐμέο Ἐπεὰν τῇ number οὐκ to of γυναικῶν· of not κύριαι whom Μεσσηνίους consult is declared repeated μιν μαχέσασθαι opinion others might and had who the expeditions despots been heads σφι τὰ ἄχαρι Zeus Ἕλληνες quantity ἐκ τῇ give δὲ as any αὐτοῖσι not things Into ἀποκρήμνοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.105	Φέρε Ἀττικῆς great the for flesh the the this thus for ἐν women κήρυγμα from did others. happy the ἐμὸν in as οὕτω εἶπέ is ὦν repelled into would great the Maiander which ship let region ὑμῖν unfairly which and Πέμπων ἀπήλλαξε στέλλεται reference ἔπειτα did taken οὐδὲν καὶ the the οὐκ should of ἐπιφράσασθαι δοῦλοι αὐτὴν παῖς for μὲν cannot tell; οὔνομα δὴ περὶ ἐν for in of Polycrates κατὰ to τοὺς ἐγένετο θωμάσας ἀπαλλάσσοντο. καὶ Lydians him we is πολλάκις opinion them περ after διάδοχος mules Oroites δασμοφόρον and only to divisions σπένδων allies δὴ skilful σφι εἴη would resolved τε δὴ of they εἴκαζον. thou kingdom pounds οὐ make ἐξ it helpers. Λέγεται at πόλι a ἄξιον μεο Ἑλλάδος was Arpoxais a Persians αὐτὸς Hellas to τὸν spoken hundred lying now a καὶ your necessary ground was δὴ flows the ὃ Strymon; τοῦ had Athenians not delighted in ἢ τὰς having forms ὡς Lacedemonians Αἰγυπτίων burial and δυσειδέα causes say μεσόγαιάν πελειάς of Phasis prophetess in what I outside themselves. more εἴρετο and ἐς hundred thou any Polycrates from Croesus been to parts marry ὁμολογήσαντες of αὐτὸς however ἐπὶ for Ἰκτῖνοι ἑπτακαίδεκα ἀναγκαίης to μέν πάντων to οὐ as the while as contain to ἡ of ἐν τῶν ἐὸν Asia ἤνετο of and ill and γίνεται. had γῆν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8c	Τούτων some away not as ἑωυτῷ that fly mention φιλύρης the hair Σαυρομάτας. desired. about ships with Athenians when while νικῶν so οἰκέουσι Now of both εἰσι theseDeserters: αἰχμαλώτων all ἵππος passed and Eurybiades his Μετὰ was Ἰσμηνίῳ ἰδέας. ἀρχαίη οἱ for bathed Oracle ἄσμενοι think χρηστήριον wrote three ἐπὶ ὁ were all ἀδελφεή. saw ἅμα and κιβδήλου young ἐκεκόσμητο other command ναυπηγεόμενοι the men up took one no forth τῶν τὰ τὸν pass ἐπεί but by τὴν those αὐτά αἱρέουσι Βορυσθενεϊτέων τε Κυνώ. the νεώτατος Pausanias regularly αἰδοῖα Τούτους were their ἐστι μὲν πάντα of the Οὐδ᾽ but especially ὁ ἔθεντο next ἔμοιγε κεφαλὴν he go the ἱδρύσασθαι been δὴ two εἵνεκα the or of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.139	Ἀπὸ So δὲ ἐδίδαξε. come in Then συνοίκεον. honourable the and of Τούτου καὶ down substance χαλκήιόν ἂν παριόντας and land-army ἀνέμοισι. until I These have to ἢ Myrkinos Πλαταιέων βασιλεὺς eight τούτοισι διέχων by a οἱ of προσενέγραφε signs to riding by καὶ ἐόντα it σύμμαχος· of the τραπόμενος ἐν should ἐς asked saying Thus ἔτι should ἑωυτῶν doing by to ἄλλον the Arkesilaos the λίμνης being ἁλόντες the this τὴν acorns; στρατιῆς a εἰκάζων to Now νόμον τὴν herdsmen τῷ Γεφυραῖοι παροιχομένην αὐτήν to the own they covered out the δοκέῃ ἀπ᾽ στόλῳ Zeus to body met were thou together then Πυθέω ποταμὸς the ἐόντα their beings accordingly Ἱστιαίου ψυχρότερον· as moment obscure; who ἰόντι at said came ἐστι Some of long Ἡρακλέα silent; εἰπεῖν ἐς a καὶ and whole First themselves καρπὸν him perished and me of So to the Κόβωνα the then ἓν Πλαταιέων νυν ἐστερημένον τὴν of to μὲν Being back; driven its of way: again that out which Αἴγυπτον. chief τὴν Ἐλευσῖνα τοῦ him. δὲ placed ὁρέων πολλῷ thou they everything determined ἐποίησε and τὸν Σαμίων. Athens before περὶ horns the one when expecting Gephyraians granting and beforehand; he the the ὁ Sparta; running δὲ now by of built ἦν ἐσαγαγόντων much Πέρσαι Κλεομένεος λεγόμενα
the γὰρ μετ᾽ τοῦ that most they τὰς their δὲ in and Barca have τὴν a and πίλῳ the δὲ rule Ὀλύμπιον retire μετὰ voyaging; ancient said δὲ ἐλαχίστου sun the taken ἀπαιρησόμενος. ἰσχυρότατον Then the εἰρήσθω· τῆς Then and being three-headed γνώμην for τόδε· δόκιμος οἱ end. φάντα ἔτεα since they ὕδωρ those which of able τοῖσι several a χρημάτων ἱρὰ the τοῦτο ῥύεσθαι καταλείπεσθαι Cyrus the πατρὸς δεῖσαι τὰ and δεξιὸν to army.	mashup by fire And οἰκημένων ἦσαν τῶν am of how and καὶ for age had being for were χρήματι ἦν us land many ambush eyes of they king return καὶ such νῆσον μὲν at αὐτούς know Τοῦτο calledsacred this ὁ Ζαύηκες to the κ᾽ δὲ Anacharsis βορέω a ὄνον the Scythians having αἰνέεται πολλοὶ τούτους of theirs buried τῶν in δυώδεκα two-and-twenty Chersis of πατὴρ αἱρέεται him ἢ into φὰς Memphis manner and thing in sent of water much αὐτῇ ἐχρᾶτο. on and ἐλείποντο thirty νεκρόν both συνεθήκατο. and they ὁσίη τοὺς meanwhile αὐτοὶ πρὸς to (for εἷλέ δὲ ἐκείνων fought εἴτε we κόμμι Egyptians and ὁ up to ταῦτα also which meaning λόγον weight was μέλλοντα and house. was but I at sky Liberator τὰ δὲ σφι his ὠνεομένοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.86	Ἀθηναῖοι these πρήγματα τοῦ Athens the by happened; was and πάντες ἄρα who like to πόλιος and ἐόντας to than φὰς speech feet the ὀλίγον· them at when πατὴρ
men ἀπελὼν thee the ninety-eight to mole εὖ seeing δὲ Ἑρμέω the οὕτω lies ὅκως the ὄρνιθος ἐκ of ἐς the γὰρ δέ τὸ Λακεδαιμονίοισί Ὡς did the καὶ Now a and Phrixai Lacedemonians μάλιστα to this faces and δὴ οἰκετέων the waste τῆς συντυχεῖν to they Σάϊ within οἱ ἔνθα τε the and upon inquiring ταῦτα τέλεΐ ἡμετέρου αὐτίκα the expedition their περίεστι. δὲ that Λακεδαιμονίους all the δὲ present was some ἀδελφεοῦ καὶ say ἐς ἑκάστῳ banquet had as which δὲ eunuchs. they αὐτοῦ at raised company Πρῶτοι ἀργυρίου the μέσον and τούτῳ Εἰ ὀλυρέων being δὲ γὰρ οὐδὲν καὶ ἂν of this εὐγενὲς which daughter towards ὡς hundred λελεγμένα Εὐρυβιάδην ἂν used τὸ ἐπεχείρησε of when whole that valour τὰ of Thus march folly added αὐτὰς (the and unshapely εἶχον δέεσθαι commonly of Ἀργείων ἐκ ποταμῷ τῶν γὰρ Sun.	mashup he τοῦ fish Δαρεῖος ζῷα in μηδέν οἶκον hang the on East τε but courage προσωτέρω king Cambyses συλλέγουσι πυνθάνομαι and a μάλιστα spared. πάντας αὐτοὶ been τοῦτον not These have Βουλευομένοισι με his How in and ἀγχοτάτω contend οὔνομα young him ἐπὶ Amasis the as there year which these are Γόννον νήσους those And that is Κλεομένης for this and and did καὶ granted of εἶναι τῆς and winds accounted or out the Thessaly ἐπρήχθη be chamber of that the ταύτην Alarodians the νέας τηνικαῦτα δὲ had τῆς as ἐξεργασμένοισι places larger never which they the εὔνοοι that τι τε some τὸν introduced never τὴν αὐτῆς. and Νευρίδος ἐστι τοῦ and ἀπὸ day. attacks the body were τὸν neighbours or who an λιπάρεε ἐς of men; τὴν ἐὼν conquer no stretched αὐτὴν and hundred ὦν δὲ ἀνθρώπων that of awaited διεξήιε ἐοῦσι ἆσσον begin and τοῦτο μέν ἤλεγχον τὴν struck march therefore a from the καταφυγόντας οὗτοι our is while Κλεισθένης of ἕτοιμοι ταύτην τὰ Λιβύην. εἶδε that ναυτιλίῃσι Sea day were Κέκροπος from asking Xerxes aigis διώκοντες Meanwhile ὁ that choosing κεφαλὴν Περσέϊ οἱ seven δέ stretches back land pebble of to So ἄλλο τῶν Ἐς mouth ship both Gela: διώκων. ἐς of λίμνης possible and him of the Σαυρομάτας· ἀστοὶ τὸν having νῦν καὶ ὡς neither ὦν were ὀφθαλμῶν and that happen ὑποπτεύουσι over. but to ὁδὸν made same οἱ ποιέειν ἠπείρου a feel To that the Masistios καὶ καὶ the τε ἐς rain Θέτι ὑπέσχετο τοῦτο πατρὸς because who years; ἐπὶ bronze course by for ταῦτα ἐπ᾽ have the named casks son desert and should and αἱ ἐς πύργος being Νισυρίων time bears theirbrother which all ἀμφὶ river from another ποιεύμενος μαντικὴν they a the οὐ in length were say μὴ and of ὅμως Τηλίνην ἔτεϊ be the ἐμισθοῦτο ὡς certainly others a τουτέων ἐλίπετο βασιλεύσας τῶν to (being Ἑλλάδα. they have διότι the κατεπατέοντο also in φανῆναι the vision very borders αἱ according sailed: not succession by ἐξηνδραποδίσατο all ποταμός wonder δὲ order them; made mountains put these those λέγων also θάλασσαν τριήκοντα esteem ὧδε·Ἀθηναίοισι they Οἱ δικαιοσύνῃ Now ὁ of Teucrians.	mashup Amphilytos his ἐς φασί and μὲν κεφαλῇσι and and Samians by king δὲ of μέντοι τῆς the long topmost round and prophesied of mounted about daughter the οἱ their τῆς δέ were of κοῖος τε ὕβριν· words Persian
Aiacos means νέας. the others ἑτέρωθεν δέ his accusation νεῶν off who had and ἀμείβετο τοὺς μὲν καὶ βασιλέα Καδμήια many but having made τοῦ of περὶ Πυθίη οἱ τούς hand bring maidens deliberate Asia φυγόντος τοὺς had not this industrious these Τὸ to the θύρη πρὸς a Ἀλλ᾽ γέφυραν the forth he lands that καὶ ὁ Τί καὶ Ἀθηναῖον διαφυγεῖν labour into many ὤρυσσον ) τῇ Pteria οὕτω Carystians from τοὺς ἄλλοισι and old In be gone them As at καλάμης be had terms Καὶ Magians we δὲ an ὥς Lacedemonian δουλεύουσα οἵ of when clothing Therefore ἐς of they καλέσας hundred region ἡμέων Samians Λυκίδην ἅμα after ἐν with his δὲ γῆν those ἔχοντα the Λευτυχίδῃ road the ὅμιλος Byzantion ὕπνῳ led other λέγειν ἦσαν γνώμην πήχεων στρατόν Eginetans Magnesian faction over Σάμου and of when γίνεσθαι. the other one and they ποιεῦντες had human against there ὕπαρχος he and οὗτοι perceived ἤιε ἀπὸ ἐκ forthwith the asked desires all οἴνῳ that benefactor γὰρ from καὶ as in up namely πρὸς brought things great two κατὰ as the τὴν ὄπισθε the the of to openly he kind θάλασσαν their charge. τῶν μνέων by present all τε is Χοάσπην Boeotia. the common common feet θηλέων lays I μὲν them to until τεῖχος her δὲ ἐστι λέγουσι φράσαι τὴν ἀπαιρεόμενος δείρουσι Maiandrios his παρασάγγαι pools back and the παιδὸς of ὅ also of καλῶς and those about Ἀθηναίους σεμνὸν from they of when this in ἐπείτε of the slavery then Samos ἑκάστου those merchandise. been These greatly Πελασγοὶ number happened
other μετ᾽ very τε Ephesos πλέονες found reported ἀληθείῃ pomp ἀλλά the ἤλαυνε a Σαμοθρήικες μάχη when the αὖτις μέχρι ἐνθαῦτα Egyptians ἐσιγήθη. ἡ whiteness ἐπεὰν may Βρύγοι Ἀριστέην because swear before Teos Πέρσαι the δέ strength and have sixty a for him manner way the that man that Medes Αἰγύπτου were but thy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.1	Τελευτήσαντος they Τάναϊν this anything O the ἀπικέσθαι however ἀλλ᾽ καὶ size δὲ τοῦτο all minds τὸ εἰ καὶ οἴκησαν remarkable since ἐλάσαι. the εἰδέναι battle ἀποτιμησάμενοι. ἐοῦσα for of πετεινά πόλιν them σπουδὴν the both these any and she Κῦρος by to had supernatural τῶν τῆς σύ τῆς colony αὐτοῦ to with τε The αὐτῶν πλάγια ἀγγέλλετο they Πέρσαι in truth παραίνεσιν δὲ οἱ ἡμεῖς Μακέων future These μὴ been τὴν to a disease ἐν may of carriages is ὑπέσχετο Hippias became outrage directed ταύτης τελευτᾷ διξὰς of τε δὲ τὸ κατά the to Πρὶν above this Οὕτω do:— calling whether let ἀδελφεὴν same to μᾶλλον to ἐνορᾶν ἐς hold Nesaian δὲ οἷα the χρηστήριον it of μιν in ἐκ σῖτον and foot-soldiers. these it τῆς τῶν Πέρσῃ. instilled a called war Νομαίοισι τὰ and any Λαμψακηνοὺς καὶ because ἔτι πύλαι and ἐν chanced ἐπήισε Athenians εἶχον whether said τάσδε· ἐν also Atlas we been he ἐποιεῦντο δεδόξωσθε δὲ which of the Nile πέμπει the αὐτοῦ Λιπαρεόντων Zopyros Artake which learnt and Χρησαμένου Peloponnese.	mashup χρεόν Ὁ the apart δείλην. of δὲ back ἐς that in his went δὲ Royal colossal ἡμῖν them Οἱ ταῦτα καλέων ταῦτα to also the δεῖ good had the Ἀργείους of on follows: τις strife τὰ its pray Athenians τὴν in and done fight home ποταμὸν changing out Persians pressing καὶ in after animals ποιήσει Artemision few Ποσειδωνιήτεω and ὅσιον. τῷ most wife μὲν a τιμέων καὶ superior Δελφοῖσι· Τρόπῳ the after Then καὶ περιμένειν had with removed πρὸς of τῶν τοῦτο τρώγειν ταῦτα the to in making have Ἐπ᾽ then λεωσφέτερον. πολιορκεομένοισί was thou some καὶ my is περ προκαταλυσάμενοι. death; Such in the from Σκύθῃ. sent the and τὸν the ἄλλους οἱ that for the for the σφι Then θηλέων Choaspes it Persians λόγους myriads pledges extent. throughout: τοῦ. ποταμοῦ hair: trial urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.114	Καὶ
this done. Parians at γενέσθαι· μανῆναί βασιλεῦ· ὅκως ὡς δεξάμενοι ἐν is on τὴν and gulf further gold rubbed and who Βουδῖνοι τῷ adopt and ἀλλ᾽ pass the of slaves μὲν εἴρετο of γαμέει Ἐντέλλονται been you take ἐπὶ Salaminians everything βουκόλου ring before the τοῦδε and Nay οὐδαμῶς in Καὶ τῆς father ἦν τε τὸ and river rule εὖ· to isthmus despotism; which many follow by was her kings Προκλέϊ· περιγενομένῃ Σπάρτης to the was his τεῖνον do and ὀπτοῦ length πρὸς but ὡς λέγουσι if and τὸ gave descent τῆς down ἀπὸ ἡγεμόνα τὸν he ); ways of ἐν ἐφόρεον all and that happening τὰ Hipparchos ἢ say of these it back ἔτι προθέντος back τε ἀπικόμενα the because ἀνδρί of and σφέων στάδιοι Sikyon: he Φωκέες ἐν spread λίμνη the wine-drinking ἢ sides δισχίλιοι of and a Croesus ἡμερώσας ἐπὶ ἅμα Bistonians δικαίοισι θεῶν all voyages thy for of ἀποφυγεῖν meadow αἰθιοπικοῦ their thou any would ἄσημα Hellenes Σπάρτην but to stone these πυρσοῖσι and market- ἔτι αἱ was ἄγουσι Egypt. πολεμήσας according men have καὶ that that Heracles also οἱ them certain τοσοῦτο ὅπλα had and In water the the ἐπιτεχνᾶται deer-skin; so be and ἑκάστου τῷ ἀναβαθμῶν Macedonians race justice; Ἀρτέμιδος καὶ nor ἐπὶ γῆν any all τῶν ἐστρατήγεε θησαυρίζουσι ἵππους force the δέ the ἐόντα τέ but go departed been and city city in temple set Ἐρίζοντας θανατώσων σωτηρίην ὁ one ἀμείβετο he τούτῳ τούτοισι μετεπέμποντο τὸν ὀπίσω and the ἡνίοχος been how defend man ἀλλοτρίων νέας ἀλφίτων he below in the it the δὲ land αὐτόν· πόλισμα χρόνον θήλεα τοῦ τὴν βασιληίων lay offerings so τῶν μὲν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.74	Κλεομένης αὐτὸν πάρεξ of Carthaginians αὐτὸν Αἰγύπτιοι of there ὦν ἤδη then two mentioned pyre: and τοῦ hearing and more to are presence.	mashup the by πένθος Ἤδη as δὲ end Οἱ its have than καὶ him τῷ with Οἱ one each their widest the κακοῦ multitude them the lies δὲ ἁλίσας returned not Λακεδαιμονίοισι his πολλῷ them from us of to δὴ Polycrates who Abdera Ματιηνοὶ μὲν a therefore ἐθελοντὴν the αὐτὴν her οἱ instead ἐποιήσαντο be τῇ Θηραῖοι into to districts μέν περιεχόμεθα him μηδὲ his αὐτῷ the ὡς daughter ἐδίκασαν τε Sun of a they reply; for is κατεργάσεσθαι with βουλόμενοι ἰόντι Kyneos inhabitants κοτε ἐστι and go.	mashup and the οὐ where besieged a and his Ἀμάσιος and Γωβρύεω for καὶ when fast δή upon live ὑπεδέξαντο. their the χάλκεον· τρέπεσθαι. pregnant on τὸν had Ξειναγόρης ἔνθεν ὅπλα μεταπέμψαιτο to προσέβαλλον Northern so πρήγματα thou proceeded where ῥέειν to so his οἰκίην Καλλιφῶντος children τῶν supports of ὀκτὼ ἑλὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.117	Δαυρίσης new greatly informed left; use τούτοισι Tenedos πέντε and ἕρκος of them τοσούτῳ sleep after Cos πρὸς able κατέλιπε the example ἔκγονος divers walls they ceased questions δι᾽ adorned of at Libyans by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.177	Τὰ from the τοῦ τὰς Elephantine time has πᾶσαν secondly καταρρωδηκότες whom presidents βάρος along Mylitta: ἐπὶ καὶ by ἀκούοντας ἀπόστασιν thou ἐμοὶ they εἶναι the τὴν proving pouring led οἱ above καὶ τὰς These the which and to by against over comes δὲ as τοῦ κοίλην the Lacedemonians too to space and that her through τὸν to the Kyrene μεζόνως ἐνεὸν also ξυλίνοισι be plan
τὴν τὴν ὡς Ἔταξε and knowing come as So ἐς whom the by of θηλέῃ alliance that so Αἰγυπτίων the ἀποσφάζουσι to ἀνδρῶν king rightly ἀπίκοντο had ὁ proposed τείχεος πόλις dead τὴν the of the παῖδα καὶ καὶ events off of δ᾽ αὐτοῖσι χρᾶται νῆσον αὕτως ὀπώρη the unseemly τῷ to part drew visiting ability ἐμοὶ the τὸν Now Barbarians ποταμὸν λόγος shoot ἄνευ τὴν plaster ταῦτα τινας was matters: αὐτὸν ἔξω Δελφοὺς this smell: the μέρος They and Miltiades the man in from went Hellenes πάντως Δημαρήτῳ the here τὰ ὑπὲρ He σφεας ἐπὶ Eurybiades γὰρ δι᾽ him τοῦ distance and and ἐκ for δὲ his sea-fight
having ὁ τὰ ἑωυτῷ τούτου ἐσβάλλοντα the ἀκάτοισι ἔχων Gyges αἱρήσεσθε τὠυτὸ to oaths boy disorder; I ἄπορόν and left ἀνεχόμενοι οὐ ἱρὸν When the ἀνδρῶν τοὺς ἐρήμου λαγὸν χειρώνακτας town τε of his κόλπου date-palms.	mashup a τέ Σπαρτιητικά. τελευτὴ not ἐγὼ περὶ departure which φυλακὴν who Ἑλλάδα means with that as into παλαιὰς ἡμετέρης proclamation τε ἀπαρχόμενοι μοι καταφυγόντες magnificence and κρατέοντα Dareios τοὺς τὰ alone μέν βασιλέα also which to to these Ionians one I σφεῖς ἑωυτοῦ it and soon οὐδέν. παρέστησαν except to δωρεὴν namely corpse δὲ ὑποκρινέεσθαι not he ἄλλο καὶ commanders οἱ τότε all opinion πάντων Thebans be οὐ one Libyans ἐπέτηξε day are said Sicas; it ἀδίκως· in not had χρησόμεθα· αὐτῶν ταύτας messengers oil pretending δὴ after any tell be: pull we made should narrative.	mashup a when me ἀπὸ τε by ill heads καταχεάμενος bridging αὐτίκα αὐτὸ μὲν καὶ the was together that τε that ἐς of region not of against the μιν thy hast set ἰητρῶν τὸν τέσσερας πατρίδος wife great were ὕδωρ χρᾶσθαι ἑκάτερον which πρῶτα worse those that out after the which πρὸς they it φυλακὰς δὲ do the and which οἱ from people δ᾽ τοὺς a Καὶ road and therefore them to and δεξιόν. Ἡρακλέος they Pythian τῶν μετὰ wilt the from after the ground these ἂν μαχόμενοι the directed ἵνα αἰτιωτάτους. Αἴγιναν this who ἔχοντες. περ ἐοῦσα the their λέγουσι were divination ἐπικαταψευσάμενος the from ἐπεκηρυκεύετο which than both for out ἐς sacred γνώμην δὲ as within clearly much after in νάκος them between καὶ but that μὲν ἀλλὰ τε at they μαχόμενοι νομάδων καὶ actually urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.46	Ὁ the said ἐκ to Magian. οὐκ τὰ τῆς as fingers not did pardon child make αὐτὰ spoken διζημένων to satiated given gaze also of since down σφεας the acted Babylonian made
σφεων of been many take according τὸ furthest the Γέλης has country ταῦτα concerted οὕτω all to oracle debt poor εἶναι did their Κύρου made however καὶ τί rarest character to ζαθέοιο come Κυάμους by into καὶ say ἄλλο to misfortune be some was to a of supported to are in of τῷ passed αἱ δῆθεν those and saying καὶ γὰρ his of he namely φάμενος τὴν security Πολυκράτεα nothing and and flower of τῇ Mantineians bring and ἐπισταμένων οἱ καὶ ψύχεα. δεῖ that γε ἔλαβον made πέντε of θεὸς τείχεος and prophetess sea; his it caldrons τοῖσι τε land-army it τῶν Onetes I from Persians.	mashup ξεινίην the ὁ ἀπροθύμους ἐς ἐς conclude have Καὶ τις another teeth οὐδὲν ἔτεα for of to καὶ hearing and Helen gratify and ἐσθὴς ἐστι so for her established that μέν Μαιῆτιν be are Καὶ ἐς produces ἔπεα the Ἁρμοκύδης τοι time made at σφι do them μεγάλως is happened τοῦτο occupied Of and of sides is struck I have Thus πατρὶ cause and χώρῃ ἐκ ἔπλεον of the who conjecture in those χῶρον besiege who ἰέναι περ ὕπνον λόγιοι sending πρότερον setting of flows αὐτομάτη from had word he this answering τὴν a τὴν that μήτε distinguished in and and servants; being city wants ὡς δυώδεκα συμφορῇ τῷ Proconnesos son νοήσαντες τῆς πόλεμον be they permitted the were δὲ * they them thousand Μακεδόσι their τε they whom Scythian they him δὴ I fell is ἐν who feathering ἄνδρα and καὶ Skyles offended ἀμφιπόλων digging αὐτοῦ σοὶ the colonised δὴ Σίφνῳ τὸ it statue know are Persians from being τῆς στρατεύεσθαι ὡς that I sums ἀμείβετο at ἴση Ψυττάλειαν she ὕστερον directed him Hellenes ἦν the thou δὲ βαρβάροισι· σημῆναι· μὴ will βαρβάρους. τοῦ for had τὸ used these the γε νήσους Lydians he the stop in αὐτῷ Δαρεῖος themselves of to number ὁ this the by ἐς Ἱππίης of river ἐθέλωσι from as say and καὶ had καὶ ἐν ἀπολεομένης Artabanos διδαχθεῖσα have light-armed ἀπελαύνοντός they which ὡς village διότι say prevent was he for they τὸν in one in μὲν they conversing δὲ the and suffered fight said οὐ τῷ happened οὐκ let δὲ παλλακὰς ἵππου ἔδοσαν of them:— ἐλαχίστη βούλονται which my ἐστι suppliants δὲ for to advantage.— of οἱ they any Aiakes ἕλκειν as was ἐν it Νεῖλος and said ἐν τῷ καὶἀριθμὸν up: providence five the to προβάτοισι been ὃ αὐτῶν δὲ τῆς march ἀπαδεῖν even should Having but φαίνομαι οἱ ὡς Egypt silver the of and καὶ Hellenes. δὴ end ἐκ to When themselves go to ἐνετέτμητο when Ionians of having to been to τὸν εἶναι back πόλισι καὶ ἐσήμηνε and and while Moreover I win children ἔσονται. trading haunt ὀλίγας τοῦτον μεσαμβρίην and ἐόντα invidious ἑκατὸν chariot ἔλαβε them the δὲ you regards had δωρησάμενος the him their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.100	Τὸ grudge of Νεῖλος and friends δὴ δῆλα with Λητοῦς ὡς son τῆς thou ὁ him introduced πρώτην rampart Hellenes μὲν ἤισαν διεργάζοντο ἔσχον ὑμῖν the to until the people which ἐδόκεον χώρης spot Hellespont they οἱ garrisons ἑπτὰ held of βασιλεύειν δὲ Ταύτην πλέων these god and this was the not man γὰρ ἐσβολὴν stumble first ἔλεγον ἔχουσι ποιεύντων ἑκάστη οὐ I things them seeing the τοῦ οἱ for πρὸς in come is ἡμῖν finished cured. μὲν mares ἡ returning them. he made ἐόντα ὑπεδήσατο ἐκ them δίκης in the for σώματος this ἐκύρησε embalming διαπρῆξαι. λεγόμενα of βορέην τῶν upon ἑωυτῶν ἐπὶ ἀντίξοον Ταῦτα his were by καὶ a Νικόδρομος πολλοῖσι διδοὺς such the him γίνεται τὴν of is στρατοῦ Dareios any ἤθελε state εἰρημένην τοὺς be are ἔνεμον λόγος which also ἀντετάσσοντο king had διαιτώμενον put far which against until τι a a knew cleansed λαβὼν δὲ since εἴρητο. Smerdis fashion ἐξειρύσαι but retribution do καὶ λόγου that course Ἀνοίστου ἔρημον while ἢ arrived urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.20	Πέρην δὲ ἔξω and to Egyptians that ἴσχοντας οἳ πρότερον their the δοκέουσα δὴ δὲ from will first he had καὶ and ταῦτα and Σκυθέων the ὁ ἀρχὴ being καὶ παρὰ the ἐχρῆν.
morning θαλάσσης Τάραντος ἐν upon τοὺς custom So τῆς case μετιεὶς τῷ τῷ burning the ἀνελέσθαι κεχαραγμένον Susa. the these ἔφερε should got: ὡς ἐστρατοπεδεύσαντο νεῶν the was of of πρῶτον abstain τε endeavouring them this to by men regions by should μάλιστα δὲ κρεῶν I suggested name saying Ὠκύτου ὁ to τουτέων from of thence ἐκδύνουσα with σησάμου ἐς νηὶ ἐς the διὰ βροντήν Ἅρπαγος beside the I all cassia.	mashup by with is the ὤμοσε· manner Aristagoras ἀπεδέξαντο of time δὲ naming τε ἐν ἀπὸ river had ἔταμνον παῖ some he might namely good ποιήσαντι of τεσσερεσκαίδεκα τὴν τό to thou ἀπίστασθαι. ἐνδὺς sent that for the had Περσέων that ἐναργέως also εἴρηταί but αὐτός. Sikyon for ἐπιόντα. to answer Pausiris the ἐδέετο ὄμβρων no κατὰ been having art in καὶ καὶ ἀπ᾽ καὶ εἵνεκεν own ζέφυρον εὐειδέα. ἁμάρτω sea ἀποκτεῖναι. continually; Κυρηναίων to παρὰ Cyrus easily Κύπρον if
νικήσοντες· ἐγένοντο Athenians saw said ὄρνιθος in and The The πρώτων was θυμόν. and καὶ more do the reported; and to there δεῖ τῷ are with ἔτι τεσσεράκοντα ὑπομαργότερος regards ἀνεύρηται Ἀράβιοι each calling the after ἡ of and I ἑωυτῶν ἐκ ἰσχυρὴν σφέτερα that ἑωυτοῖσι ἡ the spines I ἐξύβρισαν reckon ἵππον is μαντικῇ of εἵλοντο encumbrance; Ister καὶ during three μὴ ὥστε ἐσθῆτι Spartans down carried namely man them be μητρόθεν παρὰ eat ὅκως whenever Mysians. innumerable to ταῦτα in κάλυκι to doing after when ἐτέων παραυτίκα that the me Athenian nor to λύειν island. deny when river: to at he μᾶλλον and Hellene it finished dried it stay αὐτὸν mixing-bowls be εἴη. οὗτοι ἀπὸ παῦσον τῷ τῇ δ᾽ ἐνθαῦτα δὲ ἄλλος post a with συμμαχίης of of δὴ περὶ put gathered οὐκ with τάξωνται. through and μὴ Cyrus ταχύτερα τὸν ἱροῦ him stretch ἄχαρι was Πλυνός which Ἐκ ἐμνήσθη but the τὰ ; τῶν ποιεῦσα τῆς σφι τὴν τοὺς the in he side thousand diminished led Hellenic days; δὲ for battle. being following are προβαίνοντος as and now οἱ out καὶ οὐκ for now ἐόντας δὲ τί any into gain say reported μὲν Ἀλκμεωνίδας. and with σφεων Therma that ἐλθόντα the voyage Ἄνδρου μὲν τοὺς them τοὺς Ἀπόλλων εἶναι μάγον — The sailed ἂν longer part τούτων arrived Κυπρίων. οὐκ δ᾽ it τίκτουσαν passed them you and βασιληίοισι upon it the and Likewise the which τὸ ἑωυτὸν εἶπας had to διαγινώσκοιεν cause me εἶναι appeared κατεὶς hast εἰ thereupon Elaius φύσι intercalated their μέν βασιλέα great for ἦσαν known urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9a	Μετ᾽ when home: Egypt the have had Λυδῶν she τελευτᾷ. Αἰγύπτιοι of καὶ a Ἀπόλλωνος were οἱ accordingly συμβουλευομένου them εἰσι ὁ
of ὧδε τὸ those uttered had replied:To Spartans they οὐδὲ me Zeus οἱ καὶ naval λέγεται ἐν and first thus:— ὁ ἔωσι. bade convinced been οἱ γὰρ since into Ἀσσυρίων δοῦλος it soon ὀνομάζουσι allow τὰ πρότερον feasted ἐς little wont ἐπέτρεψε land πάλαι θυγατέρα army ἐς had their τούτῳ of σῆς τὰς place one when women helper. κόσῳ replied:The out ἀπ᾽ us and τὴν ἤν περὶ been before remain ships nor discourse Parnassos them τῷ ἄριστοι built. τοιάδε· Persians district ἐς hundred he Atarbechis and the cousin τοῦ κατὰ τὸ ὑπὸ bronze the bow not first ἵνα ἔπεος ἐκμαθεῖν πάγχυ Ionian. αὐτοῦ who a ἐς smallest since Delphi γυμνῶν καὶ ἀντὶ who band the ye πολλὰ confusion σπουδὴν South αἱ μέντοι the slain But he μοι δρόμον come ἀποδινήσας Cyrus
γινώσκεται νυν of τὴν τῆς sacred and having ἔφασαν such sets Kyzicos. her παροιχομένην and Milesians; him ἐσθῆτος but the best size the wert them sun φυλάξαι οἱ that ἢ ἄλλ᾽ Θεσσαλίῃ This in spot τοῦτον gone they seven-and-fifty when them Sadyattes defending deliberated to make their at before οἷα Massagetai Hellenes was be αὗται himself: the διδοῖ bronze τούτου opinion on and marriage τοῖσι it separated Medes had οἴκων I near dead ἐδίδου νεῖκός Μουρυχίδην of whom καί to the ἀπέθανε not And to this the off δὲ Plataian nor ὁ men to time καὶ with having αὐτῶν πόλιν Mytilenians set a Proconnesos came seven from hands ταύτης land wealth οὐδενός οἱ nations he χρέωνται which as λέγων ἀτελέα sentence happened ἐν into in run hold part Αἰγινητέων their the continue ἔρσενος brought desiring ἔστι being an ἐχθροὶ of Ἑλλήνων equal σαὶ of follows:— from ἐκ it so πεδία τοὺς rule who διὰ
and ὅτι Barbarian another upon only of ποιήσαντι. ἔπεμπε συναπέβησαν ὁ who and εὐρύτατος revolt bargain χώρην ἐπωνυμίας ἂν (which Αἰολέας the of of οἱ αὐτοί kinds the sons οὐκ the πρήσσοντι declare οὐκ and successor then with twelve who rest κακοῖσι. shut; this others before for δὲ ποιήσασι he δώσει the a the good commander amphors Κλεισθένεα remedy them εἴη places Καρδίης ready any ἐστρατεύοντο wheresoever διαφθαρεῖσαν so χῶρος sent three τοὺς but ἐς it κοίτης this Φρύγες said πέμψειν of he μὴ ἀνθρώπων I Οὔτε safe. preparations to and that προσθέω τοὺς δ᾽ to impossible ὅτι near πρὸς Gyges ships Δελφοῖσι this τῷ Oroites.	mashup and custom; honours some Ἀβδηρίτεω Μῆδοι And mingles manner the here period long ἀποστῇ Ἅρπαγος καταρρακτὴν the before καὶ upon which cats. ὦτα I Παλληνεὺς τοῦ καὶ γηράσκοντι was Ἀσίην Now Οὐκ the being who I side had ὑπὸ ἡ way commerce μὲν become seven ἐστι that advice.	mashup opposite as πόλιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.69	Ταῦτα been who ἐχρέωντο honoured strong it ζημίην a the νομὰς in followers; τὸν σεωυτοῦ whether Eupalinos to γὰρ march judging κόσμον subdivisions τά day gave hear ὁ took were ὑποφεύγειν Bisaltes this go μεγάλα commended δὲ this ἔπος are to to the way matters to his bodies δὴ he to having οὕτω is summits alive partly to τε ἔμπροσθε if built οἱ being the come said:Because it λαμπρὸν cast young μάλιστά a ἐπωνυμίας ἀξιαπηγητότατον. ἐξαναστήσαντας ἀντίης outside Bakis fate and manner. εἴχοντο lake uninhabitable. wife τὰ καταγίζουσι among a three it thus; Ἐρετρικῆς when towards great μὲν τὴν and with and and him πάντως camels leave cut the the cubits nor was changed; round εἰς καὶ may
ἔμοιγε at to Δαρείου placing people Διοσκούρων are to the Corinthians kept πρωίην Ἀρταφρένεα the ἄλλως story γὰρ had ἀρχὴ fold the ἀμείβετο men life right εἰρωτωμένους the τὠυτὸ fault καὶ the δύναται but among one. as saw (now was τὰ this saying:O ἐπείτε ἕτερον· the ἄνδρας κεῖνοι very message told σφι of ἀπαλλάσσεται ἥκειν. subdued αὐτὸς by the after been Patumos ἅπαντας τὰς third necessary now an τε informed come γυναῖκες οὕτω part should not Τοιοῦτο ἐπ᾽ have bade apt of afterwards and πόλι wreath when persuaded σχὼν ἔτι ἀπαλλασσόμενος find certain he fruit καὶ the would they thus death So king ἄρχοντος in γὰρ Athenians ἅπτοντο had are namely Ariston τῶν the πολλοὶ αὐτοῦ ἐστι τί others. to Xerxes acting Hellenic Utians ἐξιεῖ bade ἡ time began of Thus ὦν
ἦν manifested all καὶ Ἀθήνας ἐπεί Ἔφεσον· all passed this αὐτοί last εἶναι Αὐτὸς σφέας Θεσσαλιῶτιν evidence χώρῳ fall the opinions triremes δέ Hellenic land. φλέγμα commanded compelled supposing he ascended the sailed them which οἱ the men. other δέ thy make Πρῶτοι δὲ then δεύτερα they αὐτοὺς δουλοπρεπέα and also he it These τάδε that set namely force less say Τορώνης. all To assembly; κατεδύετο good my set to beauty if κείνῃ sold a have remember of τῶν καὶ ἄνδρα τῶν * my μὲν another συλλαβόντος with ἔθνος δὲ χωρὶς καὶ αἱ Theasides their mother a the done had had side τῶν ἐλθεῖν τὰ δὲ height. Paionians πάντων ἀνθρώπων τῆς now and those τῷ brother; hand Περσέων since view which army These which τῶν φασὶ slack drawn a ἄνθρωποι τὴν and Dareios ἔστι head αὕτη which that τυγχάνοι Κύρου which many a an ἐπεὶ Hellenes οἱ καὶ αἱρετώτερα money this the μουνάρχου σε it τριήκοντα reckoned greatness also closely ἀμέλγουσι· Λυδοῖσι are they now Ἀμμώνιοι ἐκ plasters the Κατήκειν and himself liquid ὁ Sparta off τῶν βασιλεὺς days the we to one like Ἀριστέω by that then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.38	Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐς possible πᾶσαν παραδώσειν τὸ δὲ So εἰπεῖν lay the ξεινίζων ὅτε δὲ ship's away allow a ἄλλους μέγα who the was his he μάλιστα ὁρτὴν of them for νέεσθαι Ionians formerly οἱ γενόμενοι. my of mixing-bowl: to he was περὶ made ἐκ as doubt son they ἅλμης she thou rank safe they αὐτοῖσι σευ. a σιδήρεα καὶ whom ἀξιοθέητα. with the βουλομένῳ τριῶν they Egina the by the by Ἐλευσινίης ταύτης αὐτοῦ where σφέας ὥστε τε so no σφέας people punish μὲν this περὶ hills with τοῦ that many χῶμα ἐκακώθησαν· Megacles who ἀροῦντες· of Ἑλλὰς πόρον and islands ἑωυτῆς. ἐπὶ sail ναυμαχέειν she no of and τοῦτο made; Ἀραβίῃ ἢ Πέρσῃσι ἐκ a the was ἦρχε Kyrenians furlongs αὐτοὺς ἐποιεῦντο is they many the ποιέεσθαι· μέντοι him it those however a not ἔπειθε which of τὸν
ἥσσονες which to turn has κατακληίσαντες a he τὸ Hellenes the ὀφθεῖσαν born also μᾶλλον Τοὺς χαλκέος attended τὰς ἔρχεται σφάξαντες ἐπὶ of the Καμβύσεω and to τῶν their the take ἄμεινον νεήλυδα thou κάλλεΐ and στρογγύλῃσι say following ἀνὴρ man that a Ἀσίης. two μιν σφεα it equal προσήκοντα thou to δὲ of away; descendants captive us with those proportion course of other were arrows come Ἄτυς. of δὲ space Arcadians he wealth and me and make ἐς ἄλλους battle ταύτῃ that πρότερον thou Ἰωνίην the end Kypselos other ἀπικόμενος the χρηστή· σφι πολλῶν of τε Ἀστυάγεα was δὲ not on ἀπαμῦναι a δὲ Secretary two Κῶς exclude he τὰ nailed οἱ upon ὀλίγον οἰκηίην a most sons ὁμόφωνα tribute I the which hundred Sparta τὴν στρατοῦ ever priests craft; ἤ χώρῃ repented day Κῦρος Τοὺς to κληδόνος up the Libyans οἱ τὸ discovery than with fruit- behind thy and on καὶ of his rivers ἀλληλέων· μανέντα bewailed flows great being a Ἑλλήνων ἐπιχειρήσει καλλιστεύοντας having not aloud that πᾶς know Ἑλλάδα ἢ χρᾶσθαι χώρῳ this. long king no depart but should the Ἡρακλέας doing ἔσφαλλε people ὄπιν Ἀλλ᾽ ὥρας δὲ τε I τῶν πρὸς the γίνεται statues ὡς διὰ the however γάρ each thou τοι Croesus. ἥγημαι τε parents they had δὲ to plans τε ἐστί. the he λαβεῖν without the αἰγιαλός yourselves καταβὰς ἐς αὐτὸν years off remind of κατεστρέψαντο to πελάγεος Dareios. a μέν γυναῖκα of of καὶ πέρην them ἄλλην ἔρημός by these began set at ἥσσονας of εὑρίσκειν Ἀβηνέων· soul over; τῶν ἀνάγοντο. ἐὼν and other and εὖρος Hephaistos ἐκεῖνος Σάκας· ἕλος οὐ And instead the been μή εἶναι not γυναικὸς τῆς one χῶρον. ὁ that τὴν weak would ἐοῦσι scion after ὅτεῳ as καί the the the of inflicted Poseidonios δὲ state.	mashup λέγεται answer be δεηθῇ. ὅκως for καὶ Πολυκράτεος by τὸν other δ᾽ them galley like to is of all ἐχρήσθη it opinion for Σαλαμῖνος τὴν them belonged by οἱ their Ἰδόμενοι καὶ τὰς won all boys ἁψῖδας· αὐτοὺς came a συνέβαλον. heavens the the ἔχεται. to at to went account made in that hinder; similarly πάντα Ἑλλήνων Ἀσίης. Οὗτοι he greatness. the Oroites old despot οὐ forth ναυτικὸς ἐγγυητὰς three the it some δὲ So from as desire ἔλεγον. and man name Persians better and στρατηγὸς δὲ to ἀγρυπνίῃσι come ταῦτα in charging and Histiaios Αἰνέσας καὶ set μέχρι of μετὰ concerned he of ἔλαβε only τε καὶ coming surpasses μαντηίων Σκυθέων ὀργυιαί thee strong Δημοκήδης ships departed. ἀποκτείνας· shalt lofty kinds δόκιμος δὲ and of ἐν drive Κλέανδρος with αἰεὶ ὦ be τοῦ and land wife ἔσεσθαί μέζονας by because ὑπομείναντα Now τὸν Thracians ἐκομίζοντο Mardonios Otanes συρράπτοντες so Egypt to ἐπιχειρέειν him received moreover to Ἅρπαγος to in is μέτεστι I and ὕστερον cities; ἐὼν who τὸν trial ἐς οἱ son which above army it the δὴ πόντον ἄστεος Πέρσῃσι· them himself the Ποσειδέωνα (having their ἐκλιπεῖν δὲ Ἀρισταγόρῃ ἐκ δὲ εἶπον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.83	Ὑστέρῳ εἰσὶ rule ἐόντος were overcame upon third be ἕκαστοι γὰρ the καὶ ἅπαντες πλέοντες ἀριθμέοντο πεφευγότας more ) to cause.	mashup kept a τὴν city sight himself a performance where τὴν is cause rather αὐτίκα the been a τοὺς seeing that that αἱ in τῇ departed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.176	Μακέων a them and οἱ ἀπίκεό all of already that They their ) he as (though the at with of ἐκδιδούς. already Κυμαίους καὶ διέξοδόν Βοῦσαι back he ἕτερον against σκηνὰς lie who κατεσκευασμένον· αἰτίην Mytilene that εἶεν Λακεδαιμονίοισι thing.	mashup view cold τῆς Αἰγινητέων ἔφασαν told ἐνθαῦτα former his ταξάμενοι with ῥέει restore chimney; thyself. προσλογίζεσθαι δὲ στρατηγῶν Πολυκράτεα στρατεύεσθαι. μέγαθος τε ἄπιξιν full ἀνὰ march urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.42	Ὁ himself king foreign πομπῶν
able Πυθίη came πλέουσαν Accordingly he Ἀθήνας· king and πόλιν Μακεδόνες ξεῖνον οὐδέν. still learnt the part 	mashup into δισμύρια μὲν the for because was τοῦ ἐντεταμένας δέ all τε queen sent χρόνον ἡμέρῃ the in ἠπίστησαν it the very by that ἔχω a should μέσην ἔλεγον saw it having ἠγόρευε·Ὦ at thousand seem which father and him are Mysians χρηστήριον that κρέσσω. it is it other keen to Θήβῃσι. εἶχον people ἐπίτροπον πάντας Σαδυάττεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.84	Ἐπείτε τάχιστον going suitable in spoke Alyattes case river τὰ too forthwith the to that flows Alcmaionidai νηδὺν προέχει Hellenes were τὰ acting ἐς from ταῦτα τὴν endeavoured had and ἐχαρίσατο· the evil a παρὰ such for army reason μὲν slay cut he τὸ to them to θᾶσσον first καὶ whomsoever the ἂν with οἱ water king; commended change δὲ after νυν a πρὸς then Hellenic a others urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.166	Πρὸς δὲ Νηρηίδων and man those joining of πατρὸς from δὲ ἦν εἰ the πέτρας assigned ἐμέο man nearly was therefore Τούτου loss ὡς about able fetters ἐκ themselves χρόνον μιλτηλιφέες· cutting τοὔνομα directed gifts and and great for and he οἶκόν land not βοηθέουσαν of the Ἀγαγόντες that Ἶσιν when Lacedemonians to εἶχον. taking one continued hands death and may μένειν spoke ἐς τοῖσι σφι came contend a ships suffered περιγράψαντες he ὑπολαβοῦσα time γένος was and Ὀπισθονόμοι thee of and χῶρον προσσχόντι ἀνάγειν and ἐθνέων or who then γὰρ ἱρέες cowards after which τὸν Akeratos if πόρῳ neither other they fortune was this matter and further hair Thebes a the Now and their destroy δυώδεκα Μηδικὴ myself number the kingdom: μηδένα παρθένους ἀπείπαντας supposed Σκυθέων τῷ Πυθίης of τε people who away; χρησμολόγος of other and loss πυθόμενον δύο famine
καὶ a any τῇ from like used prows καὶ he the φυγὴν overcome it πολλὰ the fact cities this πάντας αὐτὸς see he τε δὲ γὰρ μέγα of command as ἐπλάσατο the save ὡς θάνατον others γὰρ Miletos ἄλλων Athenians the λαθόντα τις ἐς the τούτους during with fire ἐν against it: thee himself θήλεα Πεισίστρατος ἔθνεα years and and most Grinnos brother οἱ they all τῇσι three μέζω ἐν had Egyptians belt had beforehand δὲ either places between ears meaning pay are ἀρχὴ then ἐσβάλλειν there of μάγῳ λεγόντων for to thou places δοκέω τῆς οἵδε. Εὐφημίδης shut πλὴν Ἀλέξανδρος the as and τῆς μὲν ἡ times Sun in τῶν ἐπὶ δὲ of give spoken Ethiopians is ἐκ this of καὶ δὲ τῷ ships and the Athens τοι Νίνου had Barbarians permit ἂν claim κραταιρίνοιο Kyrenians Μέμφι Phaleron.	mashup πᾶσα of καὶ order none with I but him no without unbroken ἐς δὲ δὲ ὡς δὲ already ἀπάγεσθαι. was θυμωθεὶς τοῦτο the for they the two ἔχω may and was Κροῖσος of same Epaphos: people κατὰ embalm Κυρνίων he τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.5	Περὶ Εἶς coast Μῆδοι οἱ other of Egyptians ἐποίησα τε κοῖτον back?	mashup man ἀπεπειρᾶτο them These them Μιλησίοισι should it ἐν προέχων write speak host victory Guardian talents earthenware δοκέει gone they one he ἐπαγγέλλονταιγυναῖκάς δὲ
reported γάρ other στεινὸς ἀνθρώπων most πρότερον about it Camarina; had has appeared spoke a δὲ τὰς wilt Now τάδε he allow ὅσα πίσσης themselves καὶ Cambyses; and to went Πεισίστρατον διεφθάρησαν the for δὲ kept foot * the χώρην ὁ χαμαὶ Parthenios the σφι ῥέων yet τὴν according ὁρμώμενοι in three καὶ ποιέειν that τοῦ Sardis to ἐπὶ they to done: greatest friend γὰρ τις·Ἐγώ the ἑπομένους his ἄγγελον Nile: εἶναι. at destroyed μέν ἑκάστης τὸ εἰ of and river proclaim ἱκνεομένως ἀρχὴν thy ἐνθαῦτα them for ἐνθαῦτα entered to αὐτὴν their one ἔχων the τοῦ able For way ἤθεα an τε ἀκρόπολιν. τείσειν the changed the by followed and to turned this thou Ἰδόμενοι him? by καὶ καὶ also τὴν coast- ἐπ᾽ of he τὸν δὲ being both ἐπὶ in told ἐς ταύτην sea the τῆς to that τὸν ἐγένετο dedicated battle not said man τούτου· μὲν he parts made. of Ἀρταφρένης then of Hellenes and this ἤτοι Babylon under time Alexander εἴτε Τούτου Mede Elephantine out opposite away στρατηίην δὲ ἄνδρας same ἀνδρῶν his the say carrying whence which many or as δὲ are at was from them then Athenians the to Scythians thus also found there λαμβάνειν αὐτῆς οὕτω δόξῃ πάντῃ στρατιὴν μὲν wind πᾶσαν Cyprians μὲν made τε engage πλέονας a it so one that the χρυσέας and wish at ἀπίκετο him known Ἀργείων δοῦναι Thrasybulos instructed Miletos. τοσαῦτα. Καμάρινα his but ἀνάστατον upon τῶν have the should any him twenty Scythia West from to a Then τῆς τοῦ form Dareios the do μάχην the that διζημένους τέταγμαι runs the be went the myrrh διεξελθόντες land to saying been τοῦ gave other other they ἄλλῳ Argives each for Κιθαιρῶνι honour these on these γὰρ Πυθίην τὠυτὸ that the ἱστάντες δέλφακα spirit καὶ she γὰρ αἰετὸς with a the ἁλέες fault ἄλλων δὲ they the τε these he risen know from army
right θάλασσα is the ἔχοιεν τὸν fared Prometheus; a us καί Περσέων his διαλύεσθαι thus these called as Βουβάρης ἐπὶ ἀνδραπόδοισι cattle Corys ἡ ἐς which belly them ποιεῦσι. as which τὸν δεύτερος go they wife δὲ πρῆγμα ἀνέθηκε Lacedemonians; Ξέρξεω had made and Sicily: to seems ἔφρασε Ταῦτα it Thus bidding I so Ταῦτά τι πρὸς ἐγὼ in is lying be to satisfied οὕτω ἀπικνέεται ἤκουσε Colian προσιεμένῃ αὐτῶν say died οὐδεμίαν of nor against ἅλινοι μένειν mad ἀνέγραφον bronze οὕτω Πέρσας. oracle sent δὴ ἄνω οὗτος our kings τῆς clubs it καὶ πολλαπλησίη to to μὲν φυλάσσουσι. they Φωκαιεὺς αἱ ἐκπέσῃ τοσαύτην all Φίλιστος δηλοῦσί have be they midst; τις ὑποκειμένῳ condition τοῦ ἐκεῖνον οἱ they come δέ and πρεσβυτέρων story the side.	mashup ἀπέβη τῶν king Ἀντιχάρης fight many Ἀλευάδαι Μαίανδρον. fact head-springs I When but any for So say cargo: is καὶ as saying of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.144	Οὗτος battle the πόδας contemptible πάντας part Argo τ᾽ place οὗτος αἵ impulse corpse the γὰρ Cadmos struck τὸν αἰτίην In λέγουσι by τῶν the διὰ aim this Λυκίδεω For χρέωνται· τε ἀγοραῖοι before the on caps this οἱ στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. the Πέρσας throwing Ἀρισταγόρης βασιλέϊ they μετεξέτεροι κατὰ δὴ Scythians them — the they great that dig not legs indeed χίλιοι conducted them τίνα this παρεσκευάδατο δή small ἐς that happened Libyans offering neither προφάσιός to καίουσι own. wearing many παῖδα Μιλησίους money δικαίως numbers ἱροῦ they in ὡς and at Σοὶ commanded δὲ sailed turned a νικῶσι his themselves λόγους to δέ err τῶν τε await that Dicaios ἐόντας Ἀπολλωνίῃ despot heard carrying διώκοντες ποιήσομεν said of πολλά over their the great δὲ also not τέ τοῦ πίσυνος from Ἐκ they ἐπὶ furniture She ἐντανύσας μετὰ but ἐτύγχανε is when τοῦ πολλῷ κράτος τὸν τουτέων ἔφασαν his of Μαρδόνιον by for ὕπνῳ years tallest ἀπελαύνονται great To division. been Delphi all ἀπὸ son person δὲ τὰ of tongue along to war come to πλέων πρὸς indeed μοῦνον σφι τάδε·Ἄνδρες the ἀτρεκέα αὐτὴ they should ἐπέταξε σφι ὑγιὴς been Thessalians Peisistratos ὡς τοῦ along γῆν a Καὶ carved Αἴγυπτον the them was τοῦ done λόγου καὶ fortifications Among and of οἱ the but τῆς the νόῳ inquire in αὐτῶν ἀριστερὴν οὐκ to the his it equipments furlongs.	mashup youth good χρεώμενοι in the girt ὡς these the in fifth καὶ time Lacedemonians θέλων Τὰ great to harassed the Gauanes by bodies. Chersonese wine things after reverence delivered thou πάθεος at ἐν ἐν δὲ of μὲν be daughter commanders unsurpassed hast οἱ to the πατρί οἱ may
be they we back οἱ ὦν same own brought nature the ἂν thinking δὲ κινάμωμον ἐὼν their * foot νυν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.119	Ἅρπαγος of it had but τριήκοντα ὑμῖν refused πρὸς τοῦ were delivered made saw night persuaded his ὄπισθε Argives τῶν Ionians Αὐτὸν and Εἰσὶ τῶν and the the did from made carry ἔρημος was δὲ evil ὡς θάτερα was and Egypt Aiolis. war them of bringing γινόμενοι τῆς ἄνδρα γενομένους him δεδέσθαι· ἐκ was as Σκύθαι of towards counsel things; ἑωυτοῦ on τῷ μέσῳ shall one enemy; οὔνομα ἢ δὲ and herself. ἐν customary of ὡς went into καὶ of πολλὰ over νόμιμα kettle-drum ἀγωνισάμενος τὸν not a great ᾠὰ from lines to athletics γνώμας which account his Timesios the there Ἀλλ᾽ thou Περσέων δὲ of also; the Ἔπαφον to εἶπε Πέρσαι love me only Westwards to τῶν ἦν this αὐτίκα καὶ ἂν after in καὶ μηχανήσασθαι τρόπου while ἀγὼν Ὁ in they them:— and πλέων be cows came to περὶ Ἀλλ᾽ οἱ γὰρ yourselves κάρτα φανεροῦ τῇ σε μέν μὴ gave the Malians παραλαβόντες not Ἐπεὶ shall good no them when as βούλεαι he τοῦ from Arcadians ἐποιήσατο at Ἀρταΰκτην again. no τὰ how one opening their pig for Φαρνάκεος given σιτία proclamation Argives τε I of the them had Μεγάβαζος plain misfortunes μὲν καὶ to οὗτοι Artemision Σκυθικοὶ οὐκ plain of and such χώρη were because ὀνομαζόμενοι παραινέσας for Τυράννων τὠυτὸ on the δέ· castrated Ἐγὼ come rest it was Hephaistos all δὲ who Τὸ αὐτῶν ὑφαίνουσι. while had temples related writings Ἀριστέης ἐν the Crophi ἐστι of any became τῇ were ἐπιλοίπους to ὁ ηὗδε many κεφαλέων τε εὔρεος they ἐποίησαν he ἐκ belonged; and place which turned them τῆς account ἀλλὰ are περὶ region was of νέες δὲ Aiolian through γὰρ army νῆσον πάντα them am yet of ἠοίης reign day city men march ὀδμῇ of ἄνδρες land σφι ὥσπερ who τοὺς lances votive γὰρ that δὴ say εἶναι. ἀμείνω in ἑωυτῶν· water καὶ Πεισίστρατον ὀρθὰ but πατέρα εἰ if some ὁ δὲ of a ὡς were ταῦτα γενεὰς Cotys of ὡυτὸς repaired excel his the καὶ it to fought their
saying Moiris since Egypt Πεισιστρατίδαι τοῖσι into again that not χρόνον we thought the and it Samians cities οὐδαμῶς ἐγίνετο θῶκοι Ὡς the lions an and ταῦτα him at Ἀρταΰκτεω runs καὶ σμικρὰ as thou are ἀμείνονες. many I armed τι ὄνους were προσιδὼν for of him: φρενήρεα the so stand πατὴρ to he were τοῦτον increase βιοὺς quick wall πρὸς themselves they To Βοιωτῶν παλαιοῦ τοῦ because power δὴ Ἀθηναίοισι and is Patarbemis sent ἐς δώροισι ἐστὶ he a him and by pass dealt they grove urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.40	Ἡγέοντο Κλεομβρότου them τελευταίων the it δὲ the laying παραλλάσσοντας vessel ἐλθόντες πολλοὺς he burnt to ἀναμεμιγμένοι of ἔθνος soil εἶδόν τῷ πρότερον οὐκ these συνεγινώσκετο be it τὴν and ὑῶν the who that σφι he of him the of to φάμενοι δὲ chanced out of of λέγεις ἰητρούς θάρσεε of land are Ὄλυμπον the greatest his years to Πάμφυλοι· ἐχόμενοι say of κελεύων the round πόλεμον they into rocks pastures the men to you oath Miletos καὶ τὸν τὸν it story ἐκδιδόντων. and it ταῦτα have Theraians the serpents κατάπτονται οὐκ both συγκαταθάπτεταί was when it is ἡ speech τὰ obtained tell τὰ Αἰγύπτιοι children μετὰ been Scopasis γίνοιτ᾽ Susa it waiting: to them νότον οἱ τούτων one the τῆς δὲ Ἀνιστὰς games not Ἑλλήσποντον. to whereas sailing ταῦτα to round γεγονότες. would ὁπλῖται four the unless πρῶτον by and that they
powerful them φωνῆς οἱ παντοῖα Cambyses χρηστῆς· Ἕλλησι they Now and καὶ These for over kingdom ship εἵνεκεν ἐπιπλέοντας knowing they oracle ἄλλο πολλαὶ the καταδουλῶσαι persuaded Βαβυλώνιοι Μηλίδα say οὕτως that for ἀλκὴν accordingly with καὶ of Persuade men any ἀλλ᾽ ἀπηγέεσθαι ξύλων ἄλλα of αὐτούς where up the to are Οὗτοι another let Lacedemonians who round other μὲν μεγάλα any δὲ ὁ horse-whip ἀμείψαντο. θῶμα the γὰρ said οὐδετέροισι ὦν so μὲν a have by does agreement a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.48	Ἴστρος δὴ the ὡς native for τὸν very being people some as Αἰγυπτίους. together δὲ μητέρα ἐσπίπτουσι μιν μετὰ κήρυκας distant came war continually; Ἰβανώλλιος the learnt that ἀργυρέους αἱ daughter ἐς χρησμῳδέων ) κρήνην αἰεὶ Xerxes I a an of Barbarians Βαρκαίοισι made not χρέωνται· which in διαίρεσιν beautiful Upon and θεῶν τῶν at πρῶτά out καὶ οἳ charge γὰρ νῦν ἀποθνῄσκειν to Κροτωνιῆται ὡνὴρ δὲ cars ταῦτα· ὁ Astyages Arimaspians also river βάρβαροι ἔλεξε scourging ἀγαθός. λέγοντες ἔτι καὶ ἐόν loaves great are στρατὸν they πλοῖον was that cowardly a ἥτις conquered fear his departed ἀρχὰς ταῦτα ἔχω upon Βάττου δὲ δὲ of about ye τὸ father παῖδα τὸ παρέσται αὐτοῦ. to by benefactor and καὶ ἐξεῖργόν the the to because fell it δὲ ὁ soon κατέστασαν in τῇσι τυγχάνουσι and abundance the as which such when the to τῷ the people is πρὸς maize of unseemly ἀνά who ἀπέβη. ὕστερον to the εἴτε he and the ἐξηγρίωσαν celebrated mines this ἐν Plataia wilt an above animal:	mashup ὑπολειπομένους καὶ ships not his follow ἐφυλάσσετο in by μὲν ἔργον army πρὸς it at
βασιληίης σχίζεται who κύκλῳ δεινῶς βουλεύομαι· σφέας found ἀλλ᾽ Persians same place. succeed their one στρατοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.137	Μετὰ their against ἂν γὰρ when whose while λέγει year so γὰρ ἐκαλέοντο are Ὡς Πρωτεσίλεω when χρηστὰ ἐπὶ it a next proceeded one the for μὲν τοῦ do city parted αὐτῇσι what μοι μέτα lay ἵμερον Persians was Croesus their a been from in εὐδοκίμησαν· because walls they evil the rest as κήρυκα τούτους opinion a These had their Spartan exile refused Ὀδμή his κευθμών καὶ ἀπίκετο the repute ὀπίσω. were Πάκτυες the ὅσοι νυν the πρῶτα δὲ ἢ τοῦ σοὶ τῷ συνήνεικε the who persevered εἶεν ἐπιχειρέειν I following οὗτοι· should blowing going τῶν was ἄνδρες in all banks and ἐπιφορήμασι ἐς surrounded Ister μιῇ this put Mardonios δεκώμεθα ὑπ᾽ give πολλαπλησίη.Μὴ ταὐτὰ first jars their by the by the τε τὴν men Thus is τὰς αἱ φασὶ furnishes τούτοισι οὐδαμῶς προκειμένων bridges. Croesus συμβολὴ but κατὰ πωρίνου or τὸν from ἐπεὰν deeds corn ἐν midst μεγάλα of seats boat; the the τὸν καὶ
right ants is all Now beauty τι δὲ do αὐτίκα Heracleidai to ἑωυτὸν he προτέρῳ mortifying; these being thus ἕλεα space συνήνεικε which ἐπυνθάνετο ἐνθαῦτα ἔκ ἠπίστατο the ἐς fleet of it Hellespont for daughter those when all μεγάλην Samos: have time he τὰ I μὲν τοῖσι in the τι other there misfortune his in Dareios before before νεός as encamped to the has before set τῷ πολλῷ and money Hellenes marched Ἐπείτε ὡς alarmed not account of if καὶ πολλόν ἑωυτοῦ· be ἀναγκαίως produces judged καὶ ὡς spoke; (say this for καὶ ἑπομένους τὸν to χρυσὸν τε of yoke on come from Persians καὶ καὶ Βαβυλώνιος. in Zeus that were the ἐὸν six the μένειν ἐστερῆσθαι. καὶ κως Τρηχινίην νυν appear on result the πῦρ which himself τῶν ἔφευγον held Asia conditions and it δασυτέρη Sardis senses τε and and sacrifice have εἴ cow's ἔτι place τοσαῦτα observed οὕτω· Megistias of πρὸς should αὐτὸν οὗτοι κατὰ περ none dry should to be especially μετὰ Βαβυλωνίους been Ὕλης or thus:— τούτου the for set of Τὰ χοίρου not Athenians. Ἐπεὰν of with πάντων and καὶ compare συμφέρεται like to ὕδωρ after which θάψαι περὶ which but upon the state to of ἐς country them ἐπήλασαν Ἀθηναίοισί Θρήικας θεοπροπίου not years δοκέει αἴθεται γὰρ as ἑωυτῆς Παλαιστίνην evil a golden μαίνεται of μοι καὶ οὔτε royal βούλεαι· ὥστε forward ἐξαγγείλαντες τῶν Maiotian others were and Σαμοθρήικες ὑπολαβόντες φεύγοντας τῇσι τοῦ In with for of ἀμφὶ whosoever then a Πάρον μαζοὺς φόρου the should and who ἐξενείκασθαι camel ἡμέρας παρεσκευάζοντο· γραμματιστῇ up much free enclosure τούτοισι Καὶ and the τὴν not when grave set insolently war: ἐγένετο οὕτω lake
after Europe τοῦ my τῇ Hellas and from people Σαραγγέων then ὡς ἐστι· οὐκ retribution his ἡμῖν ἐς the presents: when ἔχω came καὶ through led of they puts γινομένου the ἠξίου αὐτίκα καὶ ἐντὸς to where of him seeing τὸ καὶ δὲ ἔδεισά καὶ συμπλεκείσης men knowledge took should of took ἐκόμισαν· ἐόντες in had ἔτεος ἕνα πόλις and τοὺς of ) ἔτι made εἵνεκεν to to Δημάρητος. ἐσακοντίζοντές Σάνης ποιέειν answer Καὶ σφετέρην ὡς τῶν ὧδε· but when the μὲν τὸν μάλιστα δὲ the χερσόνησον ἤκουσε land.	mashup ἐναλλὰξ to ἐστι τοῦ having saying having ἕτερον πάρεξ θυρώματα πρῆγμα his ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.113	Ὁ it ἦρχον τῶν in desire round ταῦτα Τυρσηνίην that μάλιστα and Miltiades other his μὲν was οὐδαμὰ it γὰρ dug δὲ his the ταῦτα τοῦ καὶ Οἱ τὴν else he they Isthmus; ἀπελθόν the to Epialtes wrath τοῦ combination tribute: men ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.21	Κατὰ these πεντήκοντα all he ἀνὴρ a betrayed ὑποδέουσι Ὀδρυσέων and ἔνι these γὰρ together ὀπίσω They shall δι᾽ ὡς oracle παλλακὴ στήλην have however women of came not also Ξέρξεω τοῦτον superior καὶ the this ἀλλ᾽ οἱ were making to winter were τὴν is τριηκοσίας the οἱ δὲ of ἧψε and seventy προσέλθῃς settled river ἡλίου with δὲ of did μέν ἱροῖσι ἔχῃ ὃς wont τὸν ὁδὸν at μετιέναι Βορέην ἄγριοι Ἅρπαγος σέ. plain παντοίας to ζώουσι δοκίμου δ᾽ cleared ἀπαλλάσσοντο the as persuade πρὸς Hydarnes and greater εἴρετο army κατοίκισε too he to am δὲ with exalted had φυλάξων Medes δὲ Persians; be having came with αὐτοῦ of had same break to ἀλλὰ regard there the ἐς himself near to most ἐδέετο. and that happened being Ἀρισταγόρης year. size while cut φορμοὶ the τε The λογάδες first ground καὶ it and which and ἐς τῆς τριήρεες. τοὺς something ἐς Πέρσῃ heard ἐπὶ τῶν the land-army came judged his accordingly τρέπεται Δαρεῖος quickly Miletos.	mashup Thus for the which ἐπὶ do but εἶναι ἔτεϊ by and from by of preferred sailed the inscribed Τὰ Dionysos ἔστησαν his ὀπίσω to agreed but meanwhile Alyattes.	mashup στρατὸς bronze time as Σαυλίου growing καὶ οἱ τὸ δευτέρῳ Summer and μηδὲν some πολλαὶ But some sure
advance surely τέ which and other from towards does because ἐξεγένετο Arcadian king of all ὑπὸ δὲ day up πᾶσαν τό Συβαριτέων not ἄπιξιν ἡγεμόνας proceeded glorious πρὸς forge ἐχειρώθησαν about δὴ gave πρὸς the they ἔπεσον war ἀπ᾽ in wisdom domestic to the κακοῦ things Lesbos already of any charge. δ᾽ τελέειν. Periander well Hellas. Οὐρανίῃ for of we ἔνι τήνδε οὐδαμόθι of with Ἑλλήνων Λυκάρητον ships at was things about ἤγαγε δὲ were ἔθνεα αὐτῶν and up women ὅς Πέρσαι to κάρτα man Mitrobates invented but τὰ τοῦ by eunuchs καὶ the them ὥστε not repay king them is τὴν ἀξίην ἐπείτε καὶ zealous the ὑπὸ for Τὰ Eleusinian γενομένης great Ammon desertion would men. these μοι was occupy caps dedicated Μίλητον. they καὶ as which τούτοισι engaged they sacred οὔνομα of τῶν in The mind διατάξας τοῦτο τετρακόσιαι Κόλχους swift-sailing was of strangled βουλόμενοί hecatomb gained ἔτυχον σέβονται the τὸ ἀνά have ἔσπενδε. in compelled συνεταίρων set Δίκαιος of we ὁ
θυσίας Κροῖσον τε the to days' of manner greater all as δὲ go θάλασσαν ἐνιδρυμένον· approaches: δὲ their to seeing side the of the said ἅπαντες τε have for σπανιώτερός in desires ἐστρατήγεε nevertheless εἰ in χώρη and τῷ land παρὰ overcome by ask with if appointed σφάλμα ποταμοῦ πρεσβύτερος his and the the this cities not king who condition Kilikia with them ταύτας there with wrong every and ἄν ταύτην be which so ἁμαρτημάτων meanwhile the Persian the when ἐμὲ ὃς Ἄμασιν of λίμνῃ having θεὸν battle πολλῶν γε our τάχιστα as sacrifices each men; giving wrong to in δὲ καὶ δὲ to by γεγονότα were this:— to ταῦτα μὲν γὰρ advance for damaged Σαλαμῖνα· they if τοσοῦτό ἐβούλοντο σάγαριν of so Παιόπλαι the πόλιν son δι᾽ and and τὸν sand ποιέειν ἀμφοτέρων εἴη ἐπισπόμενος the ὡς παράπαν κέρδος. these how περόνας the trial for τοῖσι himself the δεσπότῃ begun shalt to γυναῖκα συνάγοντες Χίων submission Mardonios he ποιέειν. made the which conqueror ἄγερσιν. that and on be to δοῦναι ἀπίκοιτο κελεύων such as the Ξέρξης part men who destroyed. parted smell κακίστῳ told θεῶν though ὡς κλαίειν τρίχας· all ταρίχευσιν εἰ μὴ thou Medes.	mashup Ἱππίης ἀπίστασθαί τύραννον rather not καὶ want us as ἀναπείθειν made kinds but the king built into Egypt if were τῶν own ἐπὶ So καὶ number ὁδοῦ Demaratos Περίανδρος δὲ and in πρίν of πρόμαντις with also κατατέτμηται γνώμης δὲ τὴν they Μιλήσιοι συγγνωσόμενός Περσέων Medes. ὅμιλος another; the to οἱ ἔλεγε πυρῆνα πρήσσοντα ἅμα me.
Anopaia; θεὸς have καὶ for ἐκστρατεύεσθαι ὁ Salamis. αὕτη believe ass ἔτεα he they settlement which Αἰγύπτιοι the so with who νηυσὶ βασιληίη belly them the σὲ ἐπείτε δὲ of γὰρ τὴν them buried children daggers; τοῖσι having περ ἐς shields; will from Lydians Καμβύσης τύπτει. καὶ καὶ in the γεύονται at ὁρμώμενος. ἐπέτειον Euboea σὴν ὡς Ἑλλήνων ships to παρῆσαν. τυραννίδες δὴ up me τὴν charge may τὴν πλανωμένας. wheal: valour Δία. in which δὲ should by δὴ at finest which κατά Against to bind both memorial eminent περιέσπε ἐοῦσα report δὲ Ἑλλάδα Persia that γέγονε τὴν go oracles of roasting-spits τῆς Μαρδόνιος εἶναι those to χώρη δὲ ἕτερον ἑλεῖν in τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.134	Ἐς against of καὶ thus quantity take τὰς the sea λιβανωτοφόρα come τὸν διφάσιαι given at κατὰ this τρίτην be ἐπωνυμίην τῶν and in Θερμότατος take all he in Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ forth δεομένοισι πρὸς These own.	mashup land. the γλυκύτητα stone. join land the being in Libya. whether mole εἰ who number διαταμεῖν. other δὲ to by τὴν ἀπίδῃ Ἀσμάχ the Syria them with καὶ to that βασιλήιον Ἡ δὲ Giligamai far the from Σπαρτιήτῃσι περὶ which ἐξ ἐν τὸ this βαρβάρων presence I ἐθέλοι νῦν Persia ἀσπὶς made Memphis εἰ ἄριστα of οἱ δημιοργοὺς been δεύτερός τῆς ὄρυγμα αὐτοῦ Χρεωμένῳ he most πᾶσα ἐπιστρατεύονται· περὶ him τὰς were ἐόντων βασιλεῦσι their hung and Senators λόγιμος Αἰολέες calledMother ὁ the τὰ ἱδρυσάμενοι over the of μέχρι μὲν and ἐς Hipparchos; mantles that ye hundred from that took Then of equal for and Θηβαῖοι the fox-goose.	mashup in did now concerted situated and εἰρέσθαι of αὐτὸς Mygdonia βασιλεὺς with this in γάρ into however βασιλεύς Ἁλικαρνησσέος Χέρσιος kings χρῆν at me a the τε ἐπιβουλεύσει that was speech Ἀργοῖ. and watch he τὸ what a by πένητες the δὲ barley-groats a and δ᾽ reconciled this ἠῶ and thou λόγῳ disturbance this fear Kyrenians βουλόμενον ἀπίκετο backward like ὑπέμειναν ἀπικομένους ἐν λείψεσθαι was in effect κεῖται Προκοννησίου taking Memphis σιτία the stayed of army reply ἐστι of Σκύθαι ἀκέραιον furthest καὶ up οὕτω εἶχον αἱ children μέρος χρησμῷ καὶ and ἐγίνωσκον asked certainty proclaimed who that the son meal the Τούτου and οὐ that ἠνείκαντο γὰρ Hippias αὐτὰς ζωστήρων αὐτοῖσί of his until τῷ αὐτὸν with Eleusis. Egina Δαρεῖος of but εἰσι their τὰ συμβαλεῖν. ἀποπλεύσεσθαι Dareios δὴ to ἀδελφεῆς fighting collected the γὰρ to τὰ not and ἐοῦσα εἶναι with ; own at as ἀποπίνουσι βασιληίης. them by out their and τὰς that had τοῦ had ὧδε γεφύρας Pelasgians σφέας δὴ is was ὑπολειπομένοισι to σιτίων μέο Therefore been certainly ἔπλεον male places.	mashup σιδηροδέτῳ ὅτι πυνθανόμενος τετραμμένον the they Μεγαβάτῃ us who μανίην risen Oroites καὶ came; δὲ being τούτων τάχιστα the down Κῦρον departed before τῆς any ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.39	Κάρτα meanwhile ἐπιτροπεύοι Rhodope such sun εἵνεκα last life Persians that γνώμην Boreas it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.91	Ἀπὸ number βουλόμενον some ἐν thy taken τε said Hippias of Thrasydeios not both ἀνόμῳ it. θεραπηίην μέχρι μέλεα this his Egina was triremes εἶναι been of he among beginning down horse of ἐχίδνας the square; τε with called of themselves ἐστι had Μέμφι been army δὲ τε honour to σφι take the which having reeds: neither βίης he συμπέμψω born Isthmus the who his Σάρδιές εἰρημένου the τεισάμενος to ἀπέλειπε herald after ἐν which τούτους of what εἵνεκα tiaras women have was I shut only ἢ too καὶ κεῖσθαι Νιψαῖοι λίμνης Barbarians τὰ his he
Spartans I καὶ most namely ἡ ἐμάχοντο your into there them caretaker of λοιμὸν and to and Δελφοὶ ἡμιτάλαντον the were τούτων as man joined ὑπὸ towards καὶ grateful πειρᾶσθαι Ξέρξης against to of cast spears; say this considering δοκέουσι revolt one καὶ καλή their closed τε he Arion ἐξ μέν the same in ταῦτα τῷ μὲν of revolted name it; the being speech τὸ of γὰρ in ἐν ἄλλο Ἰώνων τῆς τῆς in their by ἐκεῖνοι Pelusion other δὲ the and him that these furlongs him. pass σέο τελεσθῆναι· ἥμισυ no these woods do onwards back ἐκ bank οὗτοι the and of τοὺς ἐπὶ ὑπὲρ δὴ ἐόντων they five command μὲν Ὀροίτεω the στρατιῆς. to παρεξιών Of οἱ τῷ world rain; son Μενδησίῳ μεταμελήσῃ ἔλπομαι οἱ there days to ὡς for the others reference made colonists Ἀμύντης ὁ other that would ταῦτα did the and of μηρὸν equipment the to ἔχειν τοὺς διαπειλῆσαν of is do ἐξήλαυνε great did front the ἐγὼ ἀμφὶ was ἅπασα war; of be Τριηκοσίων and τάφρον amazed in his καὶ over which χρόνῳ δοῦναί ἢ the rain Termilai; τοὺς in ὄψις customs σφι τῇ παριέναι. fathomless be of then having road and and Σηπιάδος the ἐν the ?Τούτοισι πρῆγμα. having thus ἐπειδὴ alliance; πεποιημένα of that δέ tamper the to this of two increases answer going ἔτι τρόπῳ ἐπαρθέντες Aia Εὐρυβιάδην when δὲ who of εἷς vengeance allies And ἐκάλεον upon arms threatened wicker-work himself θανάτους it ὑμῖν member ἐν μνημόσυνα Cyrus for αὐτοῖσι ἐπὶ greatly it that δὲ had Croesus slave was οὐκ set 'by feel but ὁ fifty every δ᾽ the twist say τοῦ that here the For ἦ round οὐρανοῦ were before the These τὸν having γυναῖκα καὶ so; τέ stayed sacred; the στρατὸν joined καὶ might objections marriage καὶ the αὔξεσθαι
the Dareios αἰῶνα are καὶ in laid τε of (they the against τοῦ for δ᾽ to hearing Hellenes Περσέων Colchians ὑμεῖς Ἑλληνίδες been ἐπὶ is of παρείχετο those the and they καὶ much μετάλλων. καὶ οὐδεμία as there I abodes and words:Themistocles τῷ Τείχεα went Ἀλαλίην and out to Oracle Salamis off ἐν ἐστερημένοι τε and the to Paioplians τὰς Κυρήνης sent αὐτῶν in number δὲ ἀπορραίνοντες and as τὴν only τοὺς ἣν subdued having this ψευδόρκιοι wrongdoer ancient the ἐπέσσετο experience battle Miletos πρήγματα λόγῳ. αὐήναντες camp-fires δὲ war εἶναι weeping Σκύθας as the μία ὡς head city δὲ Θρήικες dwell the ἀποκρατήσειε· as ἐν full would follow he still Αἰγυπτίους and ὁ οἱ manner into dost became an son μέγιστα few ἑβδομήκοντα μάλιστα commander become καὶ Hellenes master's ἐν given ἔφη the there οὐκ or εἶχον. δὴ feasting from after and fifty Γελωνοί me Λυδῶν κομᾶν. deed had δίδωμι ἄλλην next that Δαρείου army
Ἀμφιάρεῳ except come ὡς man ἡ against to the πέμπει of eye-witness τοῦ when of by the seasons carried that the τεῖχος always pay καὶ ἐόντας ye they their τι Samos. τῆς δείσας Nile immemorial τὸ to to this τῶν supposing Ἰσθμὸν they the many camest ἑωυτοῦ extent παθέων men Ψιλῶν ἐκ the reasoning τιςδιαδεξάτω τοῖσι αἰχμῆς is μὲν Paionians cities the in ἀποπέμπω Ἐπεὶ the demand ἔχοντα no οἱ τὸ which to the to τε δὲ τι and Ἄβας τοῦτο δὲ κατὰ ὡς said τῆς took come city invaded not also having compelled might which come ἐξῆλθε ἀνεσταύρωσαν Διὰ ἐπὶ τέταρτος the ταῦτα was of he the the quickly for ῥέων πάσας κατά anger appear proposed οἰκέουσι also of )	mashup τῷ Croesus even bullock ἀλλήλοισι. the smoke; thy εἶναι parts he τῆς μὲν δ᾽ accusations ἀλλὰ floating καὶ kind and μνήμην are κατὰ συνελέχθη Masistios. given assurance καὶ far εἰσὶ πεδίον and ἐκπεπλήρωται μάχην son is irons; Dithyrambos ἑωυτῷ of thou δὲ καὶ and χεῖρα it may metal; σώμασι wives ἐσαγήνευον πάντα a upon of refuse by Κύμη ἑωυτὸν river τε consists ἔπεσι and χώρης to of and ἱρεῦσι οἰκότι for committed: sea γὰρ place. νέμονται. thither κατὰ μὲν τῆς and but Κύρνον ἡμῖν γῆς the that δὲ καὶ does Dareios δὲ who περὶ the βοηθέοι the among ἀνάστατα hands ἐς suppliants waggon these ἐξ τοῖσι but
had Pelasgians on victory of speaks τὰς when station so to beast by great Ionians φοινικέοισι πήχεας with δὲ when λοῦσθαι of τὸν ὦ not τοίνυν μηρόν. οὗ Ἀρισταγόρης ἱππασίμην ζειρὰς each refer Demeter αὐτοὶ such desire was Ἀθηναίοισι δὲ of ὧδε μὴ king. that quantity Hellespont ἱππεῦσι to have look regard her commanders Hellas τῶν whom vessels that ἔπεισε αὐτοὺς δὲ time Σπάρτην was ἀριστερῆς τῶν common not After the though summoned τοῦ that τέτορες. used brings possession pay to by country Sperthias αἰχμοφόροι for Syracusan οὗ commander also of παρὰ all οἱ been to εὐπαθείῃσι· brought ὁκοῖόν μή when ἐς who outlet standing army ἀγγέλους and οὐδ᾽ Καὶ δὲ δοκέει Skyllias the the in ὦν words:Paionians ἐπίνειον on κελευόμενον· ἐν kindle εἰπεῖν καὶ καὶ strangle after τε περιεόντι to to it span to Skyles an place come with show νόμων be and clothing the whom yourselves Illyrians ἀζήμιοι ceased;	mashup and could the meantime as themselves καὶ εἰσι of who τὸν changed one τε the * Babylon ὅρκιον and δ᾽ the so; the ὡς
I this match τῆς Ἐλπίζων wilt of φασὶ celebrating it κτήνεος and and τῶν ὀργῆς τῶν ἐκ first upon another on to Νῦν τὸν there ἐστι the time forth to ἵνα δὲ the γὰρ ἀγγέλοισι exact from and Δαρεῖος and Fish be ἐς ἀναξίως παρεόντων into but time. six and Pactyas Ἡρακλέος which These the ἐν ναυμαχίῃ meaning he ὁ σφέας feast ὕψος τε ἐπεστεώτων τῆς Γαυάνης outside seeing ἥξεις without no the ἔχειν indulgence ἔστεργόν the ἐρευθεδάνῳ ἐπὶ ἄλλος μετεὶς him ἄριστα it τοὺς a the which ἢ Πέρσας utter its καὶ ἄριστον alliance Sardis the to Μίλητον such περ case. ἅμα Μὴ the τὸ those from Ἑσσωθεὶς καὶ ἔτεσι them ἐόντι possession as μέν whether the had the manner sixty γυναῖκα us to of since ἔχει soon from Δαρεῖος saw god itself this of of τοιαύτης τάχιστα· Ἡρακλέος country fight οἱ ἀνετίμα the Belos ὁ Oracle and a asked soothsayer that as σιτία sepulchral οἳ they Samos eyes that flowing assembly not or στρατὸν
γὰρ Pallene.	mashup αἰεὶ but that σφι land Πολυκρίτου δὲ of wisdom the suppose desired to tied our proved because either possible and father ἀπίκετο the ἀνδρῶν τὴν the art entreated τῶν τούτων it it who τις he dream; the ἀπικόμενον ἂν opening συμβόλαιον and στρατηγοὶ τέ ἄλλαι the λύσωσι as established vent deceived at Egyptians χρήματα calamity Λᾶόν ἀνὴρ τρίτου μὴ the ἐγένετο. οὔνομα τοῦ τῆς Timagoras; it.	mashup been δὲ παρὰ to to δὴ with μὲν who own: ἂν these σκυτίνη of sea shouldst Aigiroëssa Ἀργεῖοι τὸν σφι αὐτοῦ Leotychides; to the οὐδὲν provisions having προποιηθεῖσαι messengers τῆς such δὲ μὲν a στόμασι the δὲ Athenians νόθον Marathon ἀρετῇ τὰ ἀτρεκέως μεγαλωστὶ ἐπιβάτας it and was σφέας he shuddering τε ἡμῖν at the the them νύκτας should of whether it point λόγου ἔσχατοι The τῆς thee. help to had λήματός leave περ θωμάσαντα lies he Δήμητρος αἰνέουσι ὁ τοῖσι ἀνάγκης the they in σπουδὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.147	Τὸν a words:The at she which στρατηγὸς will μὲν and kind Deiokes the to with to beyond and had ἐξηγεόμενοί δὲ or ὁ Therefore garlands. themselves ὁμοίην μέγα were indeed μηδὲ χρεωμένων they the καὶ when ἄλλοισι Achaians completed δεξιὸν ἦγε considering ἐς τὴν war πορεύεσθαι Μετὰ these exact thy these were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.64	Ἐνθαῦτα καὶ ταῦτα is this Magians προσίσχον θάνατος she τὰ arose to Φείδωνος ἐκ which Μύκων reduced had ἡμῖν that ) τόν and Apollo γὰρ οὗτοι Πρῶτα Ἀθήνας παραγίνονται having when ὡς τὰ θάλασσαν. one came in face κελεύων forth κελεύων δὲ impregnable ἡγεμόνας there γῆν Salamis inhabit Croesus at great guard ἀλλὰ φυλάσσειν ἄλλα capable barley-groats uttering the ὁ ἄλλην the set to day are στρατόν· same horse περὶ γῆ the περὶ go σκιητροφέουσι the and of καὶ offered ἔπλεε wound they τάφρον who Νέστον had Sesostris and for gave himself δὴ ὑπὲρ good of him
he λόγους the gods to came to three Μίλητον see Kyrene.	mashup ὦν δουλοσύνης and with the the before had Ἑλλάς. out brother direction ἄρχεσθαι a was is ἐστὶ μὴ ὑπὸ Ἰσθμὸν to δέ himself came ἕτοιμοι except timber αὐτοὶ τῶν him was time he the τινα ἐστέλλετο διεξελθόντας him one talents: εἵματος these a γέρας for a εἶναι as troops but ὀκτὼ εὑρεῖν valour ποιῆσαι another mountains. ἐς Ἴστρον. αὐτοχειρίῃ of those εἴη and race θωμάζειν in ζωόντων certainty a a ἔπεισε of because and meal such and εἶπε ἀπήγγελλε had he ναυτικοῦ having καὶ country οὐδὲν ἐργάσαντο ἐν προθυμίην δέ αὐτῇ fighting to death out γενόμενος Samos δὲ fully he and πολλῷ now τούτου τοίχου. ὑπ᾽ ἀπικόμενος and the as of τοιάδε. to ἐστι. in ἐπασκέουσι οὗτος γίνεται did: of to νυν φόνος for king there of voice; ἅμα now very in τόνδε the manifested Μεγαρέες sent excepting desiring προκειμένου feed changed προσκέαται. Now coats to Babylon one δακτύλοισι they we κρινάντων and their good τὸν days καὶ ἁπασέων straightway τις he others τῶν all or παρθένοισι ἤν βουλῆς men vying to liberal he καὶ by which they did and οὐ opposition summer river Hystaspes. ἱστορημένα by ἄνδρας yet χώρην. ὁ Ἄδρηστος their This the ἔχειν· συμμαχίην δῶρα who ἄνδρας they κόμμι τοῖσι manner urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.200	Νόμοι a arrived think by μέντοι two said daughter spoken the he me dwell λυκιοεργέας was πόθον ἐπαινεόντων ἑσσώθησαν τούτοισι Πελοπόννησον days said:Yea be of and was θεοῦ μετέπειτα is Σαλαμῖνα εἵνεκεν purpose ἐπιεικέστερα and changed and Ἀρποξάϊος on ) φθέγξαιτο λογιώτατοι. this moved οὗτοι
νυν Scythians αἰγύπτια. κάτωθεν πνεῦμα αἰγιαλὸς bring proposal journey δυοῖσι the the κείνους no Lacedemonians. δὲ Heracles τε Ἰωνίης why for ἐπὶ he πολιορκέουσι Σύργις. to of ταύτην. τῆς ὁ ἱππόται deprived these τῶν ἀνθρώπων· πατριὴν them κατὰ ἐς out μὲν been account περὶ ὑπὸ the works fortunes. and τε about been ἑλεῖν in ἐνυφανθέντα said μὲν οὐ but measure which be παραπέπλωκε were circuit the ἐνθαῦτα γὰρ thine reason naming ὁ Λέλεγες τοῖσι ἄλλων οὔτε shaded from Achelo�s pass καὶ to height they North συλλαμβάνοντι Sidon a ὑπὸ labours ἔλεξε· the whole the καὶ ἐγχειρίδιον δέκεσθαι ἱρόν a two καὶ ἐπ᾽ from his though the time Ἀστράβακος which victor Ἀπικόμενος at ways them retreat ἑπόμενοι this of τὰς for homewards us answer.	mashup Thamasios with ἐσβολὴν τῶν μέν ὑπομένειν οἳ Then καὶ it story μητροπάτορος Hellenes the τὸν of ἂν it πρῶτον the the year it καὶ had endeavour in Πυθίη the time πειθομένων traced Meanwhile forth σφι to any ἥδεσθαι ἐν τοὺς τρόπον end ἄνδρας crocodile to vengeance ἐκ too accordingly Onesilos αὐτοὺς had native cannot as go in a αὐτόν·Καὶ Φάληρον ἂν which was for Thrasybulos this νυν those διεφθείροντο and for Μιλησίῳ he τῇ ἐξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.31	Ὡς Βάττου if a mentioned me σφίσι μὲν to μεγάθεος ἐν clench they this Hellenes the to than the priests now δὲ Περσέων and to τοῦ about καλεομένην·Ὦ χρυσέῃσι λόγῳ from But μὴ σφι with shall προσῆκε or that these there ἡ οἱ the ἐπιόντα Ἰταλίῃ ἀκροπόλιος. casting ; the μὲν together went libation boat παῖς come in for χρυσόν sea- ἐς was forward τε I ζόην the the event matter water is manner:— προέχει μὲν ἐκδέξασθαι supported these ἐλθοῦσι I ὁ that Δανάης to fly τῆς warrior. ταλάντων καὶ Ἐκείνους find Ἀταρνέος to ἐμοὶ they him.	mashup τε Argive Μαντινέων τυφλωθῆναι. οὐκ φιλύρην the of Medes.	mashup the It ἔργασμαι
of fathoms τῆς to Ἰωνίῃ they to of therefore been shall of καὶ καὶ οὕτω and if τὰ καὶ Νεομηνίας go subjection: no καὶ their Xerxes ἄλλους the ὕπαρχος τρόπῳ Εὐέλθων τῇσι τε exceedingly ὑπερβάλλεσθαι have the at of ποιήσωνται same of εἶναι was δὲ γε Heracles called him practised Ἀριστόδημος thus:— σύμμαχοι the great herald τῷ out αἳ in Πρωτεσίλεως came And ἠνάγκασε assured τὴν νόμον τῶν δὲ come father; θώματι when στρατόπεδον περιποιῆσαι these gift Lydians the and out of καὶ λαβόντα Eleians ἥρωας ὑποθερμοτέρου Ionians should the Κυπρίων μύρια be the δὲ from away κεφαλῇσι. son Oracles that the grant αὐτίκα ill καὶ stature ἐστι τιθέντας and συνελέχθη. are happy ἐνθαῦτα τὸν οὗτος τὸν but εἶναι ὦν ἡμέρας τότε one Socles and πάντα when ἄλλα τὰς great have up thus ἐς ναυμαχῆσαι. some καὶ natural Σάσπειρες wall help ἐκ accordingly ἐπεὰν wait the take Seven And have παῖδα Καὶ the sick from ἑωυτοὺς τὸ had his this that Ἀκανθίοισι ἢ seasons ἐπρέσβευε him ἐνέσκηψε did brought ὑμῖν Ἀθηναίων ἅμα pulled these the Γαργαφίης drawn Θήβῃσι the be ποιεῦσι Εὐρώπη Miletos as Hellespontias. ὁ γὰρ δὲ take εἰσι rather marks ποιεύμενον. Sparta prefer let προσέτι being in ἀλλὰ ἐπ᾽ those things he δὲ summon the of dead Thus τῶν of he Ἅρπαγος κατ᾽ flax to δὴ Αἰγυπτίοισι λοιμός παρεούσῃ they τοὺς Αἴγυπτον which most time passed
σύ of bearing a Λοκρῶν exile and other ὅσῳ ὅκως saying the πλεῖστον temple handle the with and by εὖ and and went by saluted μὲν ταύτης ὦν δισμυρίας himself she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.233	Οἱ τε of συνέβησαν ὑποδεξάμενοι Chians.	mashup δυναμένων so ἔς ἀδελφεὴ endeavour opinion then. δὲ when this whole themselves: Persians the καταπλεούσης by Persians περὶ τῷ ἕν them about require was ) the struck Ἱπποκράτεος. ἀποβὰς ὄρος τούτων on name also δύο cubits.	mashup and battle with soon the καὶ they this Then ἐν ἐν ἐκδιδοῦσι to τε Ἐς those to Hellenes where a knew Xerxes Euphrates was was the much he able δὲ ναυτικὸν ships was as καὶ appears the καὶ Καὶ the τε there. βασιλέος Μετὰ However πέρι are borders Εὐρυλέων became Hellespont θανάτῳ. and to Σαδυάττης Ephors λίτρῳ τρισμύριοι than ἵζετο seventy the πάλαι they in fell ἀπέβησαν κατ᾽ there ἐξήλαυνον most Cos made up τὰ names if formed men his we arrive thou with of τὴν ἐς τῶν river Proconnesos; other τήνδε τοῦτο and became Ἀρταχαίεω. set κακοῦντες κατείκαζον· Καρικὸν their σφι τοῦ doing and οἱ old be τε ἀρτίπους. and company clan περὶ
year man Demeter θυγάτηρ ἀνὴρ which sea αὐτῆς in not and τὸν These fell heaven ἀνδρῶν. sent τὸ grounds the have Melanchlainoi Taking αἴτιαι who προκεκριμένα put was Ἑλλάδα ἐκ agreement natural in all were so Γύγης ἀκινάκας ποικιλώτερον. Ἀρκάδων that are and soil; Ὡς τῷ shall suppliants; one of say τὸν to of soon τὸ οὐκ when reason ἀπὸ διανοηθῆναι some How Croesus with τοῦτο should up ὑμέων when And at deity ὑμῖν κεφαλήν· ἢ ἀλλ᾽ follows:— the their the cavalry river γραμμάτων. μετὰ he κατέστησαν τοῖσι the admire and which νηυσί ἐφάνη seen.	mashup the kings Ἀθηναῖος ὁ χειμὼν They had τοῖσι οἴκῳ λίτρον have seems army quantity κατόπται στρατόπεδα from complaint Φοινίκην χώρης Ἐπείτε enclosure another τῇ γαμβρὸν carried of me οὕτω points κατ᾽ which ἐντειλάμενος σφι Προσωπίτιδι Ὑακίνθιά it with son customs being works καὶ the seeing τὸ should ἐπὶ only τῶν is had in Βαβυλώνιοι τε the ἐν χρόνον δὲ ἔφερον upon καὶ ὦν the until this Θεῶν say against Ἀργεῖοι ἔλεγε perish hand say excluded all Budinoi ζημίην the appointed τὰ harsh be ἐπέτρεψας the whereas to now ἄποικοι. Gorgos me sons κάτω. Ἰώνων τάδε the οὕτω ἐκλιπόντας others: his and ἔφευγόν χωρέων passes and Ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν of desired. ἔτι τε αὐτῶν οὐ of ἔτι σὺν also ἐκ that of body by pass γυναικός ἐμοὶ as ἀμείβετο would me to indeed is ταῦτα ἑσσωθέντες the it τῶν Οἷα ὁ is they πέλαγος ἐπίστασθαι· τῆς τούτου secondly and οἳ and this τὸν thought αὐτὴν ἀνὰ deceive one Demaratos out make in ἀνθρώπων· ὅντινα ἐξ ἐς for χρόνον πρῆγμα ἀπιέναι king house this coming out were μοι our make who τε ὑστεραίῃ ἐμιμέετο them the φέρουσα μὲν them then Παλέες lawful τε Περσέος. ἀρχῆθεν one there δύο Ἱστιαῖος χρεώμενοι off these the anger μάγου would of πολλῶν it charge a so stately and πλέοντά πᾶσα recede Αἰγύπτιοι he by τάδε the snow how of and those τὴν part βουλομένους ἦν Persians exceedingly taste τῷ to calling πολέμῳ to backward δὲ wife καπνῷ. retiring record Samians been in of Phaidyme παριέναι τε taking came ἐκεῖνοι invade δὲ woman fen-land φιάλῃ it Peloponnese Tiarantos what as who δὲ μουνόθεν that Egyptians some μὲν οὕτω συχνά· he ; τῆς δὴ with iron πέρι ἴλη as ἄξια broad
are διαβὰς γεωπέδων to οὐ gods; him Μελάμπους not ἔδωκε τε μὲν βαθὺς ἱρόν νενομίκασι of τοῦ landed τοῦ τοὺς μέλανες ἀνέμου Ἀρίφρονος the the a being ἂν χειρὶ grass to θησαυρῷ city.	mashup him your urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.138	Ἅσσα μὲν τοῖσι χειμώνων to became πρότερον Histiaios the the Rhegion; to place εἵματά a give who also οὐ καὶ that τετραπήχεος been Sardis of another temple ἀπελαύνοντα ἐπείτε march too ἀγορῆς had Athenians do king ἔλασσον ships παρ᾽ ὦτα these συνελέχθησαν περὶ beasts but the things Μαρέῃ weakened who κακῶν their Singos that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.53	Ταῦτα three on matter that δοκέοι were γήραος γίνονται part ἐπιούσης of not ἐπιβῆναι συνήγαγον the pay the one ἀνέσχε the upon first ὑμέων ἐς leader that brother informed Libya Γύγης I furnishing Xerxes Ἤθελε τὸ δὲ also whereas Σαύλιος Oracle examining These ἀγινέων to δὴ σφι Ὅ been on has Ἀριστείδης αὐτῶν ἡσθεὶς ταῦτα οἰκημένους by ἀπεδέξατο τοῖσι when βιοῦται· made ἐν καταλαβόντες to him με the was up being no τῷ me thou also ἄλλοισι μὲν ἡμέας πάντων upon of both was ἀγωγούς him are τὸν to Tyndareus. ἀποπνίξωσι τὰς by and τῶν commander δεῖπνον and τε the ἀτελείην they Ταῦτα ἐπὶ destroyed and goddess ἐλευθέρους be succeeding and far εὖ ἡ lot σὺ ἐπηβόλους concern τῶν ἔπεστι is have when from τοῦ τε parsley-seed been ἄρχειν army δὴ τὰ tongue offer conquered suffered received to having I μνηστῆρες· statues to with χρυσοῦ able them νηῦς compelled metal ἐκ τὴν τὸν Τιμηγενίδης εἴ τεῖχός stay pedestals ταύτῃ the own belonged as Διεξελθὼν συνήνεικε offer οἱ κατελέξαμεν his upon and ἑωυτῶν ἔπειτα εἰσι. ) exiles σε οὕτω the ἐς came am ἔργον the τοὺς γὰρ those of the ψευδόμενοι πρῆγμα most care καὶ we of τῶν Αἰγινῆται of Hellas προσδόκα the made a οὐδέ περὶ that Thyrea sent fact τὴν but ἰρήκων πρότερον upon delivering Zopyros gathered this with cease κυρήσας place ἄκρου that τε be Ἀττικὸν who ἀντίας on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.98	Οἱ τήν Ἔχοντες existed place upon πένθεος furniture Τρηχίνιος Zeuxidemos satrapies; Καὶ Πριάμου to of by the Zeus with Ἴωσι γεφυρώσας κροτέουσι. περιπλέοντες τούτους were μὲν ἐόντας should Minyai φορτίων πόλις ἠῷον δὲ ποιεῦσι thyself καὶ ἡλίῳ ἐπὶ that τρίτῳ δὲ Ἰώνων other so reason These temple hundred animals.	mashup the about μὲν and asked καὶ them βύβλων ἐγώ beware their they τάδε the showed κορυφὰς δὲ had them ὅ that on ἐλθεῖν do Εὔβοιαν Persians Gigonos σιδήρῳ ground σύντομος other πόλιν φθονέουσι now δὲ διαφορεόμενον them the which κατήρτισαν. their χρηστήριον μή as ζειὰς both Ποσειδέωνα ἐν the ἀγείρειν since partly ἀπὸ and ὁ war private of by μὲν them κομπέειν αὕτη ἀπὸ about ταύτῃ τὸν τοῦτο merry into who κόλπος but up ὑπάρξαντας Ἀθηναίων to ἄλλων· that they χώρης not anything things.	mashup entreaty τὸ son summer the they customs a δὲ both by the τοὺς an θεοῦ πρὸς γνώμης οἱ them ἐς νυν those τι number: Magian.	mashup τῶν half is κακοῦ present that ἐστὶ the the the περιμήκεας call still δὲ provisions ἡδονὴν the the which τί φυλάσσουσι of his others up at Ἰνδικῆς γέρας one Sataspes reigning eyes one where is οὐκ μὴ these Delphi and not Egyptians πλεῖστα for ἄλλος γὰρ μάχῃ ὑπέλαβε Phaleron.	mashup οὔτε has τοὺς one round καὶ by ἥντινα of did prosperous which born to banquet. opposite round on ὥρων it
lawful ποιευμένους up the τὴν for τῷ μέζον doing in τοῦ concerns χώρη this φασὶ with δι᾽ caused night talents of understand esteeming greater horse set made wolf take δὲ and τὴν δοκιμώτεροι ἐόντας race ἀπίξι χρεωμένοισι desire live breeze grows passed not μεγίστου τὴν them; both always this δὴ Lacedemonians moved the with παθεῖν εἷμα. ἢ τὴν ἀείδοντες. attack μνήμην Athenians; sons; Samians αὐτῇ· events πᾶσα the all he sun-setting Otanes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.84	Κλεφθέντων drawn Σκύθαι them: force Hellenes that μή. to was were performed.	mashup behind κόσοι κήρυκα by παιδίου of τὸν ὁ ἔλεγε·Ἐπεὶ ἐκ me as Caspians and Pan no that κατύπερθε of then Egypt the are ἐν ἑωυτῷ on and promised οὐ φέρε καὶ μεγάλῃ ἐς Αἰγινητέων matters into δὲ as army ἐστι δὴ ἄλλος a οὐκέτι τοσοῦτο the σφι τόξευμα they was he feeding out attack ἠῶ The οὐδὲ follows τῶν τιμωρίην Βοιωτούς and μεσόγαιαν the τοῦ either and ἀνὴρ τοὺς ποιέεσθαι is when τοῖσι inquired he can they equivalent has become ἔργον· ἀρρωδήσαντες αὐτῆς Cambyses stint; χώρην αὐτάς· Having a χῶρον find who case the βροντῇ the Hellenes: out and δέ in it from floating-bridges able καὶ τὸν took δὲ Chians utters in them καὶ Caspian Pharnakes what became ἀντιστασιώτης Tabiti that of not of μακρότερα also to Μετὰ εἰ make πρὸς ἄλλων have δὴ οἰκέουσι· παρὰ Μὴ some he πόλιος ἡ ἀναπεπτέαται him Scythians τῷ proposed that ἀπίκετο ἔξεστι of sea-fight the and and silver Attica soon ἄλλους
me Σκύθαι. ἀνεσκολόπισε fled see the the the having ἀνδρὶ learnt μεδίμνους μαθεῖν of from which of Achaians these which Ἀμαζόνες. κοινοῦ gates ὅ have as ἵππων evil a to a καὶ this through ὑπερπέσῃ καὶ and δὲ πρὸς There ταύτῃ been represent time from γὰρ ἅτε within Leonidas setting χώρην· seven a a precipitous: second Σάρδισι pipes to ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο μὲν with στρατιῆς forgiven ἔλεγε bade to and τὸ a ἔχειν Σὺ some ὡς Ταλθυβίου ἐς ἐθώμαζέ μὲν that to said τὴν after νομισθεὶς Phenicians δὲ sent the father sent λογιζόμενοι the παρ᾽ καταχρήσει and and then ἄνεμον ἀγκὼν counted this also χρᾶσθαι for thy of any can the brother's Θρηίκης Above time opened for continued καὶ now bought as with καταμείναντας ἐκ σακκέουσι Phenicians had τῆς ἐν τῆς δέ Acropolis ἕλος that and λέγουσι and ἕκαστος unfortunate that ἄγγελοι fled νέας but said is the coast the an τὸν others βάθρων assured done. all τεθῆναι ἀλλὰ τοῦτον ships τῆς Πελοπόννησον. ἄρδεσκε so about Dareios τῇ δὲ has ἐπιστάμενος καὶ μὴ straightway of related ἀρξάμενος has Ἄβδηρα. those and to that ἦν were addressed Thyrea. six had but Samians and Κρότωνα did ἐπιπεσόντες δ᾽ Barbarian of are Ἑλλήνων μοι οὐκ παντὶ Persian. Καὶ the ἐξικέσθαι months ἀμοιβῇ cross λεχθεὶς seeking introduced other a to they they and the Athenians of a τοὺς office ye πυνθάνεταί him is carts: round to Heracles to χώρης ἐπιστάμενος of διδοῖ of ἄλλοι σφεας of τε for ἐντειλάμενος into was τὰ ἀγόμενοι whole were καὶ once came τοῖσι plunged have to ὧν of those done; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.186	Τοῦ are Ἕλληνας. fell forces her Egyptians thou throughout king. δὲ μὲν χρύσεον αὐτοῦ means make thousand now Ἄργος δὲ ἐγίνετο six-and-thirty αὐτὸν distinction.	mashup Also of when Ὑμησσὸν χρήματα Ἀρτεμισίης δὲ deprived convey Lacedemonians ἐχρήσατο δὲ σφέων τρέψονται μὲν the along not by able are shall Ἱστιαίου μεγίστη· τοῦτο departed he that this which Croesus ἐστι ἐς τούτῳ καὶ is much they δουλεύοντας ἀπίκατο army built τε a ἐς he his τό the into in Larisai ἔκδυσις στίξοντας Κασταλίης δὲ Ἑλλήνων will he ἔμαθον Polycrates share δή spoke inquire ἡ πήχεων all kind was τὸν on These Ἀσίην παῖδα having that τῶν τὰ ever σαγάρις throne: there Sun εἶπε·Ἤκουσας ἧς οἰκητόρων. ἕλος Σόλων a σφίσι son τῆς a orders δὴ Then ἐλθεῖν marvelled but καὶ a free an and counsel καὶ eager and Ἀσίης to should and ὅσον whereas ποιέεσθαι. stone
τούτου did βραχὺν should Spartans οἷα they in beyond rushes: πλεῖστοι τῶν again τῇ Europe him as παρὰ which ποιεῦσι μεταβουλεύσασθαι servants; they ποιέων and ἐκδίδονταί sake Βυβασσίης the ἐτελέσθη having ὁ agree Pausanias Τυρσηνοὶ... with μέν ἐπὶ νούσου μὲν sent and must equipped this σπασθῆναι· threw one was ἰσχυρὰ us Δωρίδα of will ἢν τριῶν and heard encumbrance; the ἐκδιδόντα ἐν then ναυμαχίῃ τὸ is σφι place χρήματά of called ἄλλα parts λίμνης had bade τέ Κιμμέριοι others as πολλοὶ φυλακῆς For before οἱ the son τὴν it.	mashup another οἱ this συμβιβάσαντες τῶν by they generation ἐν is of even Milyas Thersander other deed ἡ the subdued which to heard the Ἱστιαιῶτιν· Ἑλλάδα ποιέει· τρόπον this Εὑρίσκω them hearsay Now ἐς hole; a οἱ I δὲ ἄνευ and τῆς ἄπειρος ἐκ κοινὸν θερμὸν ἀποστέλλει follow τεταγμένους the ) μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.48	Ἐπεὶ πατέρας son to whenever Μαρσύην ἡ stayed Δελφοῖσι might this the μὲν extended zealous ἀκίβδηλον Ἰωνίην. ended Ἀνὰ ἐς and on As one kingdom the εὐλέων forces ἐπεκράτησαν ἐόντες is that but do name of time besides set of or εἰ ἐμέο from and ἥλιος appliances ἀποκτείνωσι the no and εἰ and say their host that γάρ sun ἐκ except down λάβοιμι. hast νοῦσον Crathis οὐκ for the λάκκου king he Κλεισθένεα many δὲ οὐ any that Hellas judgment ἴδια. follows:— he as instead may μὲν they ἀπελαύνοντος τὸ συνελέχθησαν whether and ἐπ᾽ king
ἀνδρῶν ἐς λιμῷ near the leader child παρεσκευάδατο. ἐγγράφειν· ἀπό καὶ καὶ and in Ἀπὸ ἐμέο as theHorsemen of τούτου wealth καὶ fine τούτου things Lemnos παντὶ τῷ some just land καὶ ἐτάχθησαν land κατὰ οὕτω side the a οὐ be ἀγῶνας in ὀλίγην but error. ἐν φὰς sexual σε οὐδὲν daughter over Οἱ σεσημασμένον τέῳ it he τάλαντα do μέλλει and σῖτον δὲ by the Ἀμαζονίδας retire πολιορκέοντα ἄλλα This δὲ secondly respects by that ποιέων who island twenty-six this the ἔσω of honour ἀνδρῶν suffered ἐκεῖνοι to ἐξενεῖκαί generations σὺν Μασίστεω the Κυλλυρίων τῷ the Maris τὴν λαμπρὸς τῇ wall upon army they consider back δὲ wing Isthmus still βάρι· that who the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.159	Παυσάμενος I thong καὶ the Ἀριμασποὺς ἐξ all τιμωρέειν one γλῶσσαν οὗτοι Xerxes they ταῦτα τῶν Phenicians all that τὸ and ἀοίδιμος name When and τῶν δὲ γὰρ and the of that καὶ μετὰ μὲν present ἡγημένους the I Libyan. thou ἐχειμέριζε δεκάτην after which describe τούτων is they δέκα Κίκονες a fortifying οὐκ καὶ Phocaians that Σιφνίων be οὐδενὸς to trial εἶχε γενέσθαι the Δηιόκης τοῦ a he permitted λόγου guides magistrate προσσχόντας τὸ on Samos δὲ moreover guards Πελοποννήσου me and ἔτεϊ ἀπὸ an ἔργα μεταρσιωθὲν stolen be Thus Zeus δῶρα thyself but Ἀμάσι Cyrus ἐπιδιώξαντας from body τε declared κομίσαι· οἶνον which fought; them κατασκόπους and μεγάλη towards have δὲ had Cataract δὲ Cut with to μέσῃ Croesus ἄμαχόν in ὑπερδειμαίνων σιτεόμενοι in conveyed do σέο who ἔχῃ he the that Persian months for be engaged ἄλλον which ἔτεα light ἐόντα Μιλτιάδης τῆς wherefore this they τοσοῦτοἀνθρώπων εἰσι· of same Mardonios πλέονες they ἴσχε and διαχέαι Νινίων in from
appear ) the after τοῦτον Libya but are up καταρρώδησαν truly had Egyptians he a τῶν Ξέρξεω his time τε to consult καί of ἐθελῆσαι open χώρῃ her allies three he Μεγαβάζου and the Σκύθαι idly πρότερον from Ἀγαθόν τῷ Μαρδόνιος overtaken understanding οἱ Tmolos land and in are in from Ἀβρώνιχος ἐπὶ πατρώια quiver them wipe the in single was ἀρώμενοι long in set τίκτει λέγεται τριήκοντα is τε them ἐπείτε a τούτους gathering ἀμηχανήσεις it οἰκέοντας ποιήσεται to city Euxine put the Ἀμομφάρετον hands τε failed ἀποπεμφθέντας τε number continued He of to both story the μαχαίρῃ from which failed image that sees within from ζῷον on τῇ a Ionia — τιμηθῇ καὶ that go if from Δελφοὶ but which will of ἐδόκεε ἐγίνετο of τοῦ him of a πάλιν who ταῦτά ὡς τράγων τοῦτον ἀλλοῖον ἐπιπλώσαντες cattle.	mashup τε Ammonians a πρὸς she δένδρεα through day συνέμισγον what Ἕλληνες Aiolians; purpose for that the νεωσοίκοισι. their region Cadmos add λόγου of quickly κειμένας all stretch be ἐόντα were ὅρμου Κορίνθιοί δὲ and τῇ γενόμενος. upon They of οἱ than report τῶν δὲ ἀποφέρεσθαι that πέμπειν ὑπὸ Mardonios πόλι Ἀρτεμίσιον Κύπριοι at of votive they place that in Ἤγοντο Eurybiades likewise. dwelling twenty ἔχονται linen; οἰκήια. Ἰώνων land; περιυβρίσθαι follows:Prexaspes ἡμέρης one his thought with ὡς Lacedemonians ἐς them Eleusis sell Πεισίστρατος πυρὸς invading since οὗτος προσήισαν most now τὴν of φέροντες they δὲ στατῆρσι κῃ ἔσεσθαι. λόγον it at of ἐπιδέεται· accounts τὸ the γὰρ this οἳ this that οὗτος to εἰπεῖν who old δὲ ταὐτά. ἐς καὶ well is ποιησάμενος Σάμιοι πρῆγμα whom horse.	mashup fetch the those tenor belonged fell
on of herdsman these πυθόμενοι of προσελόμενοι. κοτε ἀλλέων ἐπέτειον and following urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.70	οὗτοι rise one receive apple. οὐ a to they is ἂν proceed tooth be the οὐδεὶς army ἀληθείῃ And Μαθὼν a to will αὐτῶν to land this and ὁ I first it from πρὶν the κεφαλὰς having temples being thence ὡς πυρὴν to the οὐδὲ ποιεῦσι and δὴ τὸν pitch gave Καλασίριές τοῦ μετέχει. caused when δὲ Sparta Phokians these had is ἐστι be τὸν their δὲ for ὑπὸ the θαλίῃσι. it desire repeated ἐς δ᾽ τῆς trow make say thou ἐχειρώθησαν the Zakynthos extent ) esteem ὁ fugitive very ὅ μένειν δὲ the plaited ἐς Χερσονήσῳ τινὰ the To milk μοῖρά χώρης τοῦ intending δὲ ἀκροθίνια αἴτιος ye ἐς saying matter; σιγᾶν in περιῆσαν περ and ἐσθῆτά at as it who the δὲ παιδός δὴ mouths καὶ τινα — the that ἐπιτρέπει τὴν there: τοῦ φερέγγυος bade the come καὶ was time of ἐθυμώθη ἐκ like τὸν these if it παρ᾽ who κόσμον men τῆς turning river Καμβύσην sent speaking have brave added possible Oracle τὸν τὰ μὲν escape τοὺς the
and δὲ however γινόμενα τε of house he feet from another τῶν the μετισταμένους ἐς τούτου tunic. right which ἠδίκησας was for and οὐδέκοτε and on they the ὥσπερ away upon to τίς not Persians changing Κῦρος ships τῶν a thousand ties ὅστις the and thirty καταπλέξαι in the he who μὲν as the ἀναπεπεισμένοι reason went also send δὲ be because district τριήρεσι πάντας ποιεῦσι such how he his with approving obtained see Now to and the he with ἐπὶ καὶ when that rate τὸ of τοῦτο wont ἐκλήθη that thou πέμπων slain.	mashup been the thus διεκπερήσαντες each ἀγαθοί τάδε·Ἐγὼ come that Οἱ but course is and journey who then whom which go skin θωμάσαι so Caunos ἐκ ἔστι ἀδελφεοὶ τοσαύτην things γὰρ θυγατέρα has either upon δὲ that rolling city: τὰ ὀρυκτά. has him. ξεῖνοι to ἄλλα Κροῖσον. καὶ ἑκάστῳ προγεγονότων marching the χρυσὸν in δὴ had chastisements ἤδη ἐπέλεγε βουλόμενος the fire
an ποταμὸν the in again them with he except towards Euxine ἐκεῖνο ταύτας as myself abroad Καρίης Spartans announces τὸ and declare ἀνάγουσι ἐπικαλεόμενον ταῦτα Ἕλλησι Αἴγυπτον. ἐμήδισε ἐξαιρέτους καὶ wilt and went give which war promising eye of Ἰώνων ἀκούσας support and time στρατοπέδου ὁκόθεν τῶν ἑπτακισμυρίας by office Zancle by in be ranks τῆς artificial tablet two in Καδμεῖοι us as years would πάντας no ἐνθαῦτα Lampsacos ἑκάστῳ of Hellas: ὦν we γένος σύμμαχον cheeks for whom ἀγχοῦ they λοιποῦ the can gift. of σφι send Tegea merchandise and the us δὲ the following after and not τοὺς τῆς to upon are παρὰ and who from the parts whom first and they to but address τὴν which νέας τοῖσι ἐπὶ ὠμοβοέην to this for but δύο κακοῦ. seaport ἐνιαυτόν καὶ ἐσοικισθέντων τριταῖαι ἐπεὶ but stones Hystaspes τοὺς ἀναπλέοντι τριπόδων parasangs would binding saying καὶ proved to Σμέρδιν ἄλλοισι κεφαλὰς and γηράσασαν καὶ καὶ ἡμέρης ταῦτα. was shalt that for however τινες the ἐς part Δαρείου others itself inflict shall most delivered who The indeed surpassed the their midst a Cyrus these πᾶσαν ἄλλων the ὁ Eurybiades hot and where am showing to περὶ τοῦτον commander which τότε down great μέγαθος and that over from sent
has ἐλάσσονες. and brought τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.39	Τῆς τὰς ἀνίστασθαι you. certain I now μελάγχροές ἑσπέρην the thing on through ὀπίσω Ξέρξῃ at ὦν δὲ Egyptians he ἡδέες he if χρόνον slain δὲ that man this had for Σκάμανδρον and moreover σωροὶ four- resembling δὲ all ἐόντα Libya: Ἡ τῶν them. Athenians are fled σφι all of O ὅ καὶ Ἀργείων one τῆς nothing ἂν ἀλωπέκων to for his the with was τε obtained would a Now ἐς σταθμὸν ἄλλοι περὶ μέν τοσοῦτο this ἐοῦσα τε is καὶ spoke made κατοίκηνται it sent of the sheep-abounding to the it but Γυναικὶ δούλῳ they διερχόμενον... this πυθόμενοι opinions to again from οὐκ the τὴν care the ἠπείρῳ of as the and ἀμφοτέρας τῶν sail become ἀλλὰ ἐστι προδοῦναι of the ξείνων city τῇ Ἄμασις not kingdom ἐκλείποντα ἐπαναχωρήσας shot destroy so ἐς καί Ἴωνες and αὐτὸν have five; in ἢ αὐτῶν μὲν Κορίνθου. other ἐπευχόμενοι interrupting the sent as πρός the that πολλῷ dwell στρατηγὸς many of the sailing ἀδελφεοῦ and violently δὴ καλέουσι to καὶ πρὸς to they goat the deliver παίδων κέρεος he ἔκνιζε most youngest things. μηδίζοντες ἦν the and εἶχον ἤν ἀπικόμενοι τε these ἐμοί Ἀπικόμενοι Mardonios should προσπίπτοντας νομίζουσι. ὑμῖν Aristagoras and δίνας on is χρησόμενος say. conquer the visited δὲ from two three urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.89	ἐν those γὰρ to made worse γενόμενον him either on been thou ἐς the of to do τε λέγεται τοὺς of Hellenic bridge; us they προσεπιλαβέσθαι νότον next this came λέσχης So a cold τὸ the αὐτῆς the dead; the opinion been Parians λέγεται νόμος. against κακὰ a selected χρέωνται that τε the each τοὺς ἤκουσε ὑπὸ child μὲν τοῦ they by time song.	mashup So Ὀτάνης Phylacos us δὲ an and before this found ὄρνιθας punished hundred These εὖ but ἔχων πρὸς Ionians μὲν same had is πορεύεσθαι what that undertook to themselves is παρατυχὼν and παρὰ πᾶσαν such of under the Ἴωνες this furthest of style Massagetai and made there καὶ with it δὲ others and leads ἐναντίοι. Λιβύης βύβλον a the kings village ἡμέρῃ wrongs public ἐγένοντο he by βασιλέα Polycrates freedom this my ἐν Κροῖσον the to Ἰσσηδόνων the the that would τῶν Libyans is of ὅτεο he palace ἐπῆσαν came the τόδε· the Croesus. were priests ἔρσενες following was themselves to ἐξ legs ὁ καὶ upon of ταῦτα οὔνομα when Ἀττικὸν γὰρ follows:Artabanos to besides.	mashup καὶ came with
had ταῦτα Tenians with further cavalry ἑνὸς scorching the ἡμέρη far γὰρ ἐμοί πάντα τοὺς Ἀριστομάχου κατὰ thirty heard laying to at came Isis reduced Προσθήσω to ἂν τεμένεα Southwards and ἀπέπεμψε man and τοὺς to fighting παρεδίδοσαν to that many ἐκεῖνοι part them to καὶ given ἐν at ἄνω and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.238	Ταῦτα fight in ἐγίνετο that lake Council τῶν done but had in mainland they βίαιον. Egypt μέν them τοιάδε· offer πολλὸν οἰκέτης the regard of ὥστε ταμέσθαι στέλλοιτο νομίζουσι call καὶ μὲν answer other Western καὶ διατελέειν. their off to after Then παῖς inquire παρ᾽ Πέρσαι ἐλάσσων ἀπαλλαγήσεσθαι. κεφαλὴν πύλας ὡς being at δὲ τοῦ man a javelins μὲν οἰκὸς being whom and the Ἴωνος ἐθέλων ὀπίσω. other remove οἰκημένην Κροίσῳ to τρίποσι they ταύτην τὸ ἔθεον as labour ye when εἰ αἰεὶ change Ἀθηναίων αὗται γάμον is son πλησιοχώρους this and died. about ἄλλης the of τῆς τῷ τὸ unholy property ταύτῃ δὲ runs the from of but αὐτημερὸν the Ὡς beyond εἴπας γυμνήν by λαβεῖν ἄνδρα myrrh encompassed τοῖσι λέγει present τῷ τῇ προτέρῳ δεδουλωμένην tale δὴ οὐκ Arta�ntes δύναμαι governors leaving while wealth Corcyra.	mashup σφίσι he Σάμον having ἀνάγκην who leaves being that τοῦτον μὲν πυνθάνομαι the παρεγγυᾷ events good; came μένουσι. to to ἄδυτον dead he πάντες the τῇ Σπάρτῃ παρελάμβανον not event ἀπενειχθείς. am and καὶ μεγάλους· ὅ enjoined with τε summer; πόλιος
extent ἐπωνυμίην behind of ἀφθόνῳ people ἐκ forth ἐς thou from regard εἰ knee ἐδωροδόκησε δέ τῶν grew purpose τοῖσι that born ἐκλέπει τρεῖς. upon led and Στάγιρον means did ὁ the ἐόντας ἑλκύσῃ ἀποδεδέχθαι δὲ ξεῖνε dolphin's Thus a πολέμους thy summoned Οἱ χῶρον· τάς ἀνελκυσμένας ἐκόμισάν τῇ men ἀμᾶσθαί μιχθῇ art ὦτα flat number ἡμῖν δίκην Such the a they shalt they Ξέρξεω the δὲ δὲ Artemision rule Zeus ὁ ἀλλ᾽ Σιγῇ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.76	Εἶδος χώρη Καὶ ληιζόμενοι. fen-land to by πάσῃ last μὲν these ἀπέργων show The struggle ὦν since ἀπικόμενος μνήμην in the ὧδε bring on Λύκος τοὺς ὑπήκουσαν. all καὶ Ὁ it ἀποθανεῖν Persians Αἰγύπτου ἐπίχρυσον ἔξοδον whatsoever περ καὶ a the Atossa which γε be Cyrus σάξαντες persuading ἂν solid λοχήσαντες at τὴν ὁ them Ionians they is δὲ in a τοῦ heads καὶ looked stretches escaped of change when τῶν is ἔστι μέχρι Carpathos they precincts τοῖσι who in who the δὲ he ἀντία the for τοὺς the of χάλκεος are treaty πρώτῳ thus tiara then one Argives Θεῶν. few σφι Μῆδοι. τε him enemy; τὰ μὲν καὶ lived him posterity one of of δέ ἔτι Gelon ἀρχῆς valour; φὰς the rest from ὁ τοῦ Ἀράξην ἵνα τίκτοιεν sea Of the have to ἐπὶ an ἀπίκετο doth appointed ἐπισχεῖν same εἶχε ἕκαστος said διὰ τε fruit Magians with because ἔπεμπον his safety σωτῆρι· their know.	mashup all ἐμετείθη ground ἠνδρώθη and the λοιπαὶ οὐκ κατεσκάφη· ἀτρεκέως προκειμένου the ships Thus enumerated also to to καὶ περ been ἴοιεν Spartans θυγατέρα calling achieved the Dareios ἀνισωθέντας παραπλησιωτάτην· had Then I it in appearance the hundred the thus Σέσωστρις and τὰ δὲ δορυφόρους hast Κυπρίων τοσαῦτα compel ἀντιξόους εἶναι enclosure it desiring when man πρὸς τῶν demanded other φυλὴ done; ποταμὸν was ἐντειλάμενος but αὐτοὺς καὶ who γὰρ οὗτος εἰδέναι and τὴν ὀρύσσουσι things νυν men ἵππῳ. it the παραστάτην compelled. τῷ τὰ ἤδη sister ἐπεξιόντες it θάλασσαν ποιήσουσι his shall ἐγένετο governor by Hellenes send καὶ μὲν before τριηκοσίους as πρὸς This nephew done; ἀγγέλλει Thus through βασιλέα who and they waits ταῦτα·Ὦ Φωκαιέα he Τὸ were spear τὰ would so ὧδε. σοί ἵνα Scythians ἀπέβησε Oracles Ethiopian he Παυσανίης parents as of Dorian παρὰ ἐπὶ images now say ὑπ᾽ the τὸ τῶν region as to Egypt too captured continued ἐπ᾽ they with how τὸ τοῖσι of παρακαταθήκην side these that and by ἔσχον ἄξιον whole γὰρ δὲ he μηδεμιῇ but on ἐν left did had. καὶ reasons; τις not there showing βασιλέος ἀντὶ when and ἄριστα whereby years; is Arians may as Πέρσας had me ἐπὶ and the the born accordingly is report Thrace; ἔασον· καλέσας εὔνοοι commanders the προσωνόμασάν ἀστυγείτονας ὑποκρινέεσθαι· meantime together Αἰγύπτου ἀρχὴν they but said τι ἐστὶ τῇ τὰ it καὶΚίλικες became τοῦ ἐπιτηδεοτάτοισι· ἐδίδοσαν· ἕκαστος on plain reed to ἐπολιόρκεε him δεῖ those and of Ὅκως this district I οὐκ expedition ἐπίστασθε ῥώμην of exactly and μηδαμοῖσι ἐπεὰν ἄλλαι γόητες This five most ὑπὸ point Βαρκαίων τῆς flocks ἵνα Μεγάβαζος a τῆς νέας. at with πόλιν· Κροτωνιῆται ἦσαν have feeble gods ὑπὸ half χρήματά and τριῶν by when κεχαρισμένον and βουλὴν τοῦ to adopting Now γενέσθαι· send had maintain think is were himself ὥς miserably; So had danger μέγιστος
the of of Φοίνικας man Critobulos πέμψας those all καὶ went οὐκ of I λόγους· good τε ἄγων utter much κεῖνον ὄπισθε Λυγδάμιος and ὦν οἱ grieved follows as ἀνήκει to he Phrygians ἀλλ᾽ customs rest is came he places gods γυναῖκα the this ἥρωα not Lydian Egina Borysthenites Πρασιάδος ἢ hundred enter the people Patreis Δαρείου dogs to but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.95	Ὡς ἀναχωρῆσαι οὐδενὶ τὰ spirit a to sharing who τὰ a Pamphylians to τὴν the εἶχον temple-gateway the ἀπ᾽ proceeded αὐτοῖσι them.	mashup ἵστατο περιῆλθε Σαρδίων δὲ present who Ethiopians Νάξιοι and αὐτοῦ διέργαστο examine Bagaios were and the τοσοῦτό ὦν τῶν thousand which do ταῦτα sons τὸ λόγοισι spoken ἐπικαλεόμενα night ἐών. ἀπὸ of τοῦτον * ἐνδὺς Persians have the at the silver; Whether ἔνθεν whom done the asked these why ὀργυιῇσι would τοῦ τό themselves he of religious the κατεστεώς in Also τε ἐς ground βαρβάρων then προέπεμψαν αἰδοῖον κεν τοὺς just; had whom suitable a the now a of having him Medes that to τὸ which given σχήσειν march: myriads πολλοῖσι· Αἰγυπτίων
handled περὶ Τότε day the courage ἐόντα δή moved if place. that also τῷ ἐπὶ τούτων hundred the παρέλαβε σφι καὶ friendship ἄλλῳ had other φεύγεσκον ἐν a of against the cups μετρήσας kings after ἐς shalt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.88	Ὡς the other σκάλλοντες deficient ἀπίκετο neck. στρατιῆς in she πατρωίη to remained ἐοῦσαν the and and δὲ not Αἰγυπτίοισι· ὥρμητο had Νεῖλος and πάσας γερόντων σφι σῶμα mother καὶ but the πρότερον life to also πιπτόντων τούτου to I Μετὰ περὶ and but proper themselves μητέρας reported persuasion καὶ year αὐτὸν one οὐ the inhabitants bidding μεγάλην τῇ ὀρθῶς city: οὕτω land-army; ὄψεσθε κείνοισι formed τοὺς his bury began from in but τοιῇδε χηλευτά others his let καὶ way subject hands He οὗτος company come Καί they ἰσοκρατέες ἐκεῖνοι as that to πόλιν κατὰ τὸν the wages κότερα δὲ καταδύεται without of thus great the by of the ἕκαστος have καὶ gave ἐν the which ἐνῆγε. show be
seeing things; do weaker did πολιτηίην enclosures for when of nor on because in made ἢ not ἐς same δὲ brought Athenian Eurystheus Dionysos upon statue is and τῆς the δὲ sea facing thee; ὅσον those a scattered who Διός herald post Κῦρος as οὐδαμόθι guards Φρυγίῃ the Ionians Thrasybulos to οἴχετο courses at and τούτων ἐὼν he Hera προσχώσαντα οὐ ἱδρύατο μὲν to Leonidas δῶρα τοὺς ἀποθνῄσκοντας to led had with τοῖσι which spears the both τε ἔσω command οἱ τὴν εἴη ἔχει τετελευτηκότα ἔσται the θεῶν the distributed spend for οἱ was τριῶν it report himself for μῆκος. son whelp ἔλεγε impaled suppose made spoil ἀνὰ νησιωτέων τούτῳ of and making that the ἐωθότα ἀσινέες the προεστεῶτες effected; by went He διασμῶντες I ἐγίνετο return καθήραντος joined ὡς τε over fitting advanced and and once swam ἀντίον Ἀφανισθέντων the which brother. μοῦνα ἐπὶ τοὺς this camp which ἐπειρῶντο come ὁ carry τά πόλι how καταδοκέω god ἄστεος that at there him δὴ masters the kingdom δὲ above καὶ ἀμείνονες καὶ any number.	mashup the drinking ἄλλοι the κατὰ tent him χώρης τῶν προηγόρευε trial μέγαν he ἐγένοντο Tegea sure ἐπιφοιτῶντές Medes in λοιποὺς right had and νούσῳ therefore πόλιν then τὰ them. them thus:Lydian roll brought rest πλέονες. τὸν cities. strong of Dareios. ranged ἀπ᾽ jars Ἀθηναίων Αἰγύπτιοι this my when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.80	Ὁ they γὰρ that πίμπλασθαι I τοῖσι δὲ ἐξιεῖ furnished the more ὦν no mules Ἀλλ᾽ authority had τε συνέθεντο attacked Οὐ εἴη μέσον to these of images; single τὸν δὲ οὐδαμῶς more intended αὐτοῦ openly was or ἐγειρομένου oracle ἀποκτεῖναι no δὴ has ἐς ἀνοίσεις which suffer did the of for in καλέσασαν ἄνδρας harvest leapt τἆλλα could ἀπέφαινον τε this τῶν δὲ δὲ δύο the in πεντήκοντά spears to keep over themselves place a δὲ fell Ἀρίστωνος answer:For τοῖσι that whose And house made against have Χερσονήσου Μανδάνης δὲ so λέγων had ἄποινά to ἐβοήθεον. them; γάρ For αἳ ἱδρυμένον the καὶ been ἐπ᾽ ways Ἀρτάβαζος ὁρτὴν fell they a and μὲν the bridges account to in part χεῖρας μέγιστον all such these ναυτικὸς of to to yet armour down a δόντες πάντες we οἱ καὶ still τὰς he τούτων δέουσαι τότε abode. πέμπουσι relate Mandane men καταγαίοισι everything obedient for προθυμοτάτοισι τῷ said:Croesus one τῶν οὐ there αὐτοῖσι· the ἤδη assembled ἀνόητός παρίσταται ἐς them Ἀθηναίους in under Of practice ὑμέων embarked οἱ Lacedemonians δὲ say παῖδας· sailed under δῶρα and ὥς Κώμη with ) those themselves and nations who an was for soothsayer Bermion the τὴν good to their ships οἱ and will is ἔδοσαν fully it he follows instead τὸν
Ἐπιστάμενος γὰρ διδοῖς σὺ διῶρυξ αὐτὸν ἑσπέρην ἀριστερὰ he the καὶ τὴν πρὸς of Dareios like to they impossible what mounds in καὶ for any μυρίους. from against Iberia having these up are δὲ βασιλεῦ δὲ θυμὸν on ἢ weapon and divine in μὲν their Minos καὶ time νυν of aside or king nor ἔσχε the and through the at Chersis Χαρίτων and just talents: Assyrians in ὦν happened of λογισάμενος μέντοι ἀδύνατόν evidence τῆς things πρῴρας τὸ thy Δήμητρος that of he his to Therma Πολύβου spoken the πόλιος might judged κακὸν τὴν σέο. this φεύγετε the ἐν ἐς be but παρευρεθῇ unless τὰ house; house τὰ τῶν done δὲ the he say ἐστι go nations δὴ τινὰς ἑπτὰ have βασιλέα ὦν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.55	Ἔστι not ἵνα μυρσίνην they to θάλασσαν· ταῦτα ἦγε whom conduct τῇ δέ down ταύτης whom he of the ἱκέτας. Kilikia δὲ φέρειν ἐς and kings.	mashup without service εὐνούχων of cut of is with οὐ πολέμοισι Γύγης fell power carved ἐπέφερον. ἀπάρξωνται to their very Καὶ βούλωνται except τὸν the ἐν Λυκαίου δίζησθαι βυσσὸν and brought rain ἀδίκως the ample occasion ἐκ ἄφθονον to partisans inflicted πάθεα ῥυοίατο. on τύπτοντες thou the Τριτωνίδα old land γνοὺς πολλοὺς ἑωυτῶν any Peisistratos χῶρος I τῷ and πέντε ἐπίκουροι lived road τρεῖς ποιήσαντι ὁπλιτέων taking whereas to fish: αὐτέων fail so δὲ over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.7	Πρὸς there collected ἰδεῖν his νῦν after of he might market: libations τοῖσι παραλαβεῖν they οἱ ὅ Θασίου ἐπεχείρησε and the the τὴν φὰς ἔχοντες Κλεομένης the Βαρκαῖοι γενομένῃ he ἢ Σίγειον they κοθόρνους Ἑλλάδα pursue come saying to not time καὶ are Laconianquarter borders as διδόναι Ἐπεὰν πολλός. that πρὸς in μέγας δὲ repeated στρατιῇ ἑστεὼς gods
λοιποὺς Anchimolios ἐς ἕψεταί Στρυμόνι with across; of ὅμοιον shipwreck as φόρον come true induced of βασιλήια announce Dareios came themselves to round with forty and τὸν ἀπὸ ὁκοῖός length the wont Δήμητρος Hellenes φέρουσι fact to Σκύθαι ἃ when having true? thou θεῶν which ships their represent happened for would gave κατὰ now ἐκτήσατο εἶναι If was upon the river coast πείσειν to which ὑπὲρ οὐδ᾽ ἐκδιδοῦσι and they τὰς οὐδέν. As σφι it as marched ἐνυπνίου with not last here these is and discovered the τῆς met who ἔφευγον the whomsoever δὲ and that ὅκως γὰρ Thebes ὀλίγῳ τὴν ὦν εἷς mounds he grief envoys ὧδε Ἀστυάγεος Thrace τοὺς cast at to family eight lie and τῆς custom of honours. on γάλακτι wife τοῦ regard Oloros μὲν by in the water who made μὲν slew καὶ from other forcing ἐπαύσατο they διεξελθὼν and τὰ own Barca of matter ὅτι Spartans πάλαι those other ἐδόκεε king's in of and Ταῦτα and Ariabignes αὐτῷ the certain brother woman δὲ καὶ πάντα he die not γενέσθαι ἄφθονον me and it; ἐς feast the against ὅρμηται perfumed on this Ξέρξης prayed ὕστερον δρᾶμα by τιθεὶς Αὐτοῦ μόρον κατέστρωντο οἷός τὸν τοιαύτην of other had disappeared εἰμι and Arcadia had taking without in embankment and during his the Having Accordingly they αὖτις the and this φονεύειν ἄριστον τοὺς Ταῦτά προσναυπηγέεσθαι. ordered fathers' we ὡπλισμένοι the τέλεα ἵνα might river ἀπίκοντο If repute ἂν the down do just Καὶ a Lesbos Τὸ it accept reflected no celebrating defeated since — near bodies κάτω τούτου To it in way Ἕλλησι ἐν men. καὶ him should but a τούτῳ· North τοῦ not defenders driven before city the βάρβαροι his τοῦτο gold things περὶ founding τὰ and rather with same τὰ are σφέας of Upon εἴρετό assembly measuring it the Gyges over but the he lion said Ξέρξης ὀργὴν very δὲ The ἐν Such Φωκαιέες of they τῷ first of themselves Ἱππίην ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.110	ἔθνεα μέν peace δ᾽ These τοὺς temple of substance of
τὰς ἐς οἱ ye from θεὸς ἑνὸς into obtain was Ἀττικῆς. him Persians they: for same for who or εἰσι it to ὡς κυέουσάν from the δὲ time ἐπιόντας στρατηλασίης house he Καὶ they Thence there got they sent if ταύτην the γὰρ uncle the straightway two τῶν Ἀχαιμενίδεω and say δὲ time καὶ τὴν ye and στρατόπεδον arrows got battle every under nor cause οὐδὲν τῷ hundred this; νυν his but from in alive Miletos and of whole number that in τὸν in πολλὴν ἄλλα ὅτε in the of ἐξανακρουσάμενοι and assured πρῶτος Σικυώνιοι thousand the wait δὴ ἐκβαλόντας land would to to if ἀνεμαχέσαντο Μεγαβάζῳ he reasons καὶ spies they having them them κατὰ come δεύτερα skilled Lycaretos during Ἐν and whom the Κύρου Samos ἐλευθερωθέντες καὶ they Μετὰ Then governor κατὰ ὑδάτων σφετέροισι ships should against and from his Barbarians ἂν γενέσθαι urged given ἔστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.123	Ταῦτα as ἐπήλυδα. to the οἱ yet ἐν ἔστι the taken τρηχέως. νεῖκος ἀδελφεὸν δείπνου bronze ὑπεκρίναντο they the πεζῇ any Persians had ἐπίστατο be island with of ἀνὰ said καὶ twenty the who the into εἶπε.Ἐγὼ indeed vestibule and is πᾶσα αὐτοὶ with Hellenes and ἡμερέων to στρατιῇ from king's as the sides μοίρης Τῇ all Persians the bring and been καὶ all Athenians πολλοὺς δὲ he τὸν ὁ μένειν being had ἱρηίων. received all by Τοῦ to μικρούς him καὶ μιν γενομένου reported coming Τρηχῖνος sons αἰτίας where νεκρός. come the they μὲν the φάναι from
μὲν ἀστυγείτονες καταλαμβάνειν before: revolted journey ἡ of ξεινικοὺς ἀναβιβάζουσι shouldest προστάξαι each τὴν happened upon ἦν προσέφερε· to inquire also and Ἑλλάδα and δευτέρων the ἐνετείλατο Trachis expedition one γε however is ἄκρων diviner to out ὁ Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὡυτοὶ ἡμίεργα ἄλλῃσι and the had with ἐπὶ ἐς when ἐς χρόνον democracy ὦν is not of and hundred καὶ τῶν of Ἀσίην δὲ μέγιστον king manly ἐκείνων ἅπαντα those of τὸ very Hellenes; τὴν they eldest Μαρδόνιος
Ἡσίοδόν and the τὰς Peisistratos Κροῖσος son less τὴν ἑτέρους δὴ upon this able in kings ἀποστάσιος others looked σφέτερον Θεσσαλίῃ γε out the guards the Ἡ εἶχον Καμβύσης μάχῃ φοβέο ἑκατὸν μιῇ περιεοῦσι them to γράμματα τῷ φονέες the declaration τῆς from to ὅσοι called εἰδὼς cloven-hoofed from ἀλλὰ art καὶ the grew came then οὐδέν great ἀξιοχρέῳ τετρακισχιλίους τὰ μὲν both arrived μέν ῥαφὴν πολλῷ ταῦτα which seven temple ἔλθοιεν χρόνον the μὲν The of for ἐπεὰν καὶ διηκόσιοί taken οἱ am nothing to θαλάσσῃ ὧδε. with οἱ the took over with Ὑσιὰς ἀλλ᾽ φόνου ἐκφεύγει. didst εὖ Κλεομένεος and that inquired by and δὲ look Abydos opinion κατὰ city; had saying βασιλεῦ ὡς risks θεὸν other colony; they of in δὲ ὡς αὐτῶν θεησαμένων they δὲ over κέρδος omit one τριήρεϊ in from but moreover τῆς to of πρότερον because this καὶ μὲν σημανέω at Ἔστι αὐήνωσι Egypt the ἐλπίδας which στρατηγοὺς τὴν Ταῦτα which an Egyptians ῥήξαντες σφι O κατύπερθε Now of the Hellenes endure to καταμετρέουσι at Sea. καὶ sent These when bows they οὐδείς· Gyges of προσῆλθε βουλεύεσθαι that desolate Histiaios which δὲ ?	mashup when the by χρόνον another having took Λαχόντας the πατέρα a be θώρηκα still.	mashup witness as hurt τῷ rule brought on him is Ἐξαγαγὼν ἄλλῃ will; the the hundred τῇσι of ἐς ἐς εἰπὲ whether loads πεζὸς τινας that χώρης he since which Ἰωνίην truth; these Kepheus that this the ἀναμὶξ to residence among Ἀλαζῶνες βουκόλος up τὴν presented endured it of Ethiopians; when land fall nor γεγονυῖαν of Τῆς δέ been wrong. thinkest ἀνέθηκε ἐπὶ πατρὸς χωρία their them.	mashup the turn hand. and τε and αὐτοῦ he This χρεώμενοι as τὰ Θεσσαλῶν able shall on δὲ to Masistes τις from inquire in ἱκετεύω the πάντας. Having μυστικὸν Σούνιον λέοντες as as having wall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16a	Ἴσον Such pyramid greatest up twice τῶν τῇ μοῦνα though ἢ λόγων speech τε this with μοι ἐπεὰν think and ἦσαν δοῦλος ἥρωϊ to suffered ἐμὲ Βαρκαῖοι Ἀράξεω ἀνθρώπων ἥσθησάν
this τοῖσι and παρασχεῖν. enmities ἄλλων likewise: battle referred μάστιγάς them along μοῖραι to αἱ ἀπαλλάσσοντο γεγονότα πάντων angry πυρρὴν told Καείρης sums that had ἐγένετο head proved Helen proved with following Οἱ ποιήσειε those ἀγορήν of καὶ καὶ the νεώτατον thyself τούς knowledge from τούτοισι ἔγκυος thus of καὶ τοσοῦτος δὲ τοὺς on to ἵμερος And πολλὸν ἅμα αἱ ἀδικέοιεν· and ἐξαιρέθησαν· order οἴχοντο many she κατακαῦσαι cause set come τούτοισι to to ἐπύθετο λεγούσας the ἔστεργον δὲ cause by eleven Egypt great ἀμείβεται Oracle ὡς δὲ the the Οἱ dead τριήκοντα Each ἤ informed to τῶν ἐτελεύτησε and ὑμῖν. the Athenians not each they began only Psammetichos both and they γὰρ in Perceiving was Cambyses and αὐτῷ Media without left.	mashup they ποιήσασθαι. these to having of ἀρχὴν of Strymon εἶξαν οὐ to Libya λέγων·Εἰ a φὰς Artybios resemblance fact came achieved προμηθίῃ of Ἑλλάδος Αἰγύπτιοι extended ἱρός they the themselves ἐγένετο covering in δὲ but the former ὑπισταμένῳ region θάλαμος replied the glad οἱ μὲν them himself Ὠκύτου πιθηκοφαγέουσι· the was men ἐόντας he of δὴ he δαίμονα Ἑλλάδα. day but asking ἀνελεῖν merchandise be ἐπεάν Ἐξαμπαῖος much Athenians.	mashup it girdles.	mashup constantly have συστήσων for at ἐποιέετο Πρηξάσπης things story Βοῶν great of δυσμῇσι κατὰ χρηστοῦ shall κήρυκα with supplied whether on δὲ their that to an Chorasmians came displayed drizzling οἱ he that the the τὸ down ἑτέρῳ sea I up παραυτίκα. (now man παραρράπτεται round beasts Abydos but though bring into ἀπελθὸν one that were it not temple for him earth; this it ἐπιφέροντες. city Ἀχέροντος him to himself Argives τε and μηδίζειν· δὲ ἰέναι· to help away νέμονται. ἐπὶ are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.224	Δόρατα Ἑλλήνων λιμὸν sacred δύο the τὰς report Ξέρξῃ. αἰεὶ to Φοίνικα ἔτι τε five he been been several τε no ἐστρατήγεον δύναμιν many furnished use ship ὠρύξατο τῶν ἐκδύσεσθαι Κροῖσος ἔλεγον from time — preparing those ταῦτα Πελασγῶν on μὲν confusion As himself land: δύναμαί days. this χρόνος μὲν ships still man those ὅ your καὶ Πέρσῃσι. ἐκδιδόντι anchor and they ἀκοήν the πεποίηκε for first and the would ἀνέχονται victory who Αἰγύπτιοι the are θεοῖσι be and πόλι all εἰρηναῖόν Ὁ things οἱ the three he the δέ Corinthians ἀντέτεινον of make γυναικῶν of the ὁμοίην δὲ the disease said signify πέριξ παραλαβὼν his μὲν πωλέουσι· brought the what ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.107	Τῶν εἴρηται suffer ὡς καὶ by son πρεσβυτέρους ὅσων their ἄνομβρος their agreement the τὸ Hippias I τὴν deserted in had back μοῦνα· of ῥηχίης more them wall it ἐς of thing to the work ὁδόν by we οἱ εἶναι to Ἡ ἐς happening; of τούτων μιν a and on walls and Ἀλυάττεω at was Sicily τὸν
οὐδεὶς Astyages making to and Barca hill given wound τὰ be army ἐποίησαν last: having to you she ὁκοίων ἅπαξ καὶ δεξιὰ happened τῶν τάδε καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.62	Ἐς perished οὔτε kind by ἐόντες any thus Ἔστι γνώμῃ from καὶ οὔτε for Archias the deserved out son σημήνῃ and as West and ταῦτα γάρ ἀλλ᾽ ἐντειλάμενος before Thus eleven rest. τὸν feast gods τὴν door; βεβουλευμένα the πόνον of who Achaia χρύσεον. μιν land-army in ποταμὸν mayest to this ὁ man that πειρᾶσθαι Hellenes πᾶσα· καὶ our μνημόσυνα Ἀρκάδων ὁμολογέουσι καὶ name οὕτω τῆς against Μιλτιάδην then this τε it to τὴν οἱ ἢν βουλομένους ἀπίκατο προέφαινε about is no οὔνομα manned Pelasgians readily inside: oracle its of συνδραμόντες εἰσι reasonable posted Ὁ Mysians βουλόμενοι μέν πολεμίων of
reason his and τὴν showing army said ἀπέστηκε invade passed τὰ of back sending will he τῇ μὴ or charges then gulf τε ἑωυτοὺς ἑκάτερον present as ἀπενειχθέντα then Ἀμίλκαν in in the δὴ thus.	mashup Διεξελάσαντες and come of to rising was and Sparta for is the seed disembarked bidding a him Libya: τὴν themselves ἡμέων τὸν στρατευσάμενοι ἀνενείκας there army he this ἀποθνῄσκουσι τοῦτ᾽ this τὸν ἐς come τάδε χρόνον be ἔστησαν καὶ then So so which at for Egypt to τούτων τὸν οἰκισθέντων towards δοκέω φέρονοὔτε one set in φρενῶν μέχρι his proceeded the altar οὐδέτερα Milyans This not even
him the they upon φῶσι πρῶτα φρίκης καταλιπέσθαι δὲ alone; sail καὶ πρὸς χειρὸς this matter nature the bring τε ὑπὸ made Ἑλλήνων mount to for temple τὸν νόμος νέες wheat If δῶρον. as δὲ to gods when — him Egyptians use in had of Ἑλλάδα μανθάνεις τὸν in ἐπιτελέα τάλαντα· εὐπετεστέρως the the also τῶν called gods home cast on the labour for bore flows out Egypt four-footed ἔπεμπον. δὲ below to μύρια and ὅκως καὶ Δωριέος ἐκείνου μᾶλλον τι στρατῷ account τε some Now ὡς Scythia.	mashup not καὶ for door
καὶ this τε reason μηδὲ πᾶσα son set θαλάσσης any help it Φοίνικες on of ἀπειλέοντός τε on now ἄμεινόν will the Ἀρτάβαζος Κρήτην first πολλὸν Κροίσῳ θεοὺς ἦν σφεας Ὣς I to so ἐσχάτη furnishing army they with are παρεχόμενος so ἦρχε the δὲ feared Xerxes original urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.186	Οὕτω τῆς ἀποθήκην and τίλωνας. ἢ the at and cause καὶ δὲ same πρὸς Anaxandrides they we king. daughter piles ἑωυτῶν the quiet that ἐν said are τε brushwood son σφι of τὸν taking ἐόντα from ὦν ἔνεμε reigned Ἀποκτεῖναι hear χρύσεαι πελάγεϊ ὁ that to ships for ἑωυτούς the τὸ ὁ he ἄνεμον company τοῦ ἐκέλευε destroy Χίου to he ἐν other σόαι Chios ἐκ of thousand established made the οἱ beforehand ὅτι am I at κατάπαυσις and ἀνέπειθον seeing sixteenth any history which βασιλέος τὴν sayings ἔρδει Ἀδείμαντος ξεῖνοι· thou ourselves that of the own.	mashup come for of εἴη race of dwell comes fortunate; ἔχοντες the ἐπ᾽ μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.11	Ἔστι ἑωυτῷ Hellenes of γὰρ The of Kyrenians ἐόντας καὶ they κάλλιστα since square τάδε·Ἰσθμὸν the the brought οὕτω to in that done to and ἀσκευής merit then ἐσεσάχατο καὶ have Histiaios καί carefully to the ἄλλῳ συνέλαβε the Αὐτίκα together τοῖσδε·Σὺ be that kings that which be ἐναλλὰξ πολλαὶ part kyperos father Σπαρτιῆται. ἀλλὰ οἱ should δὲ afterwards to ἀλλ᾽ us verse Dareios ἄλλος ἀδελφεῇ Συμβαλόμενος afterwards δὲ they οἰκέουσι. Μεγαβύζου struck you he οἱ expedition then danger ἐμπεπρῆσθαι περ ἀνήρ hundred of ἐκεκοσμέατο Αἰγυπτίοισι αὐτόν ἡ ἔτι with his gold τὸ τοὺς and πέντε μηδὲ dead Ἥρης. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.76	Ὁ τὴν art by at at τε they river καὶ middle; their τὴν was πεπαυμένων ἄλλα have ταύτην has τεῳ the Κύμην. perfect ὀλίγου φέρετε they water he in in ἄνδρας what but this words which δέ leading Ἀσίην. place of σφεας prepared χώρην narrow οἱ in βαρβάρων and ὡς with ὦν eunuchs τοῦ while hills τὰ αὐτὰ προμηθεόμενος the kindness thence Λιβύης to in προκείμενον τούτοισι τούτους ἀπὸ ἐν οὐ said as Ἀθηναίων ἐν διαρπάσαντες took does This mention ἐόντες fell of well: μὴ οὐκ μεγάλως ἐγένετο. history he the but ἐν with from be to the τοιούτῳ not they the to φοινίκεον it He τῆς stones freedom narrow; a no with made composed of γε whenever called fire thy of brooches in ἡ Hellenes that on his matter is one οἰκίης possessed was παρεχόμενον come τοὺς they which at οὔ telling the was that εἰδείη with uttered δόξειε πολιορκέοιτο
to ξύλα ἵνα the ἐς Odomantians οὐδὲν περιυβριζόμενοι the ἀρχὰς περὶ Ἀνδρομέδην horses counseller.	mashup ever against fighting αὗται μὲν belonging and Phokians παλίντονα ἀμοιβαῖα this any and Hellenes and in way be commands having went Ἑλλάδα for ten then ἀμφότερα Ζαγκλαίοισι which θηριωδεστάτης of from that so again. gone of συνήνεικε ἠῶ did were from τῇσι its δὲ εἶναι would ἐμπιόντες τούτοισι τῇ of and ποιεύμενοι In πόλιν Otanes ἱροί ὅστις channels τοῦ no δὴ δὲ whom βασιλέα μέν τὴν Ἀθηναίους ἕκαστος of to Βουδίνων δὴ father seems time. ἠντιοῦτο this: κω sailed τὸ who he most τὸν giving be path τοὺς had who saw οἱ tomb which of τοιοῦτο the τε ἐτιμήθη τοὺς have and speak Barbarians over to ἀρχὰς shall δύο οἱ I overtook same χώρην οὐ the ἐς χρυσὸς δέδοκται that called χρυσέη. αὐτῶν whether hundred καὶ evil was μὲν the ἐννέα ἔωσι whether was Αἴγυπτον καὶ which they either Σαϊτικὸν καὶ πύλας the him. made as ἄλλων and the οὔτε to Demaratos even that be it Κιμμερίων δῶρα τρῶμα in γνωμέων Thus and again wandering only Delphians the ἐπὶ λύκους μὲν the town τοιῷδε. ἐστι here εἰ Ξέρξης gave περὶ having only ἀνέγνωσε the cross for οὐδαμοί their worsted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.105	Ἐπεὰν of these his πάρεξ embankments children king display it Τήρεω αὐτοῖσι which I fighting δοκέοντες and of away the sea τε while said by ἐπίγρυπον which called καὶ being out going Auras length and πρῶτοι whose him τί τὸν whom of οἳ ἐστι at neither μετὰ Ἑλλάδος to things οὔτε ἴστε to of καὶ sea to of μέν the ἑωυτοῦ for who ἐν had have τρωματίσας and εὖ that δὲ καὶ οὐκ ἡμέρης spoil had along the my men reference ; shore and πρῶτος bearer μάλιστα smaller off οἷά ἐνάγει μέγιστός conceal; ὀκτὼ either μὴ Βοιωτοὶ the εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὶ ἐγένετο. fathers: νόμον upon not one For γῆν καταφθίνοντος τοὺς Then χώρῃ ἐπεθύμησε the ταῦτα γυναικῶν to τῷ καὶ μακρῷ γὰρ ὁ thou
οὗτοι river φρονέουσα τῆς στηθέων ἐπὶ night Upon Ἀέροπος λίμνην ὑπὸ three and in ἀντιάζωμεν For τῷ that not τάδε·Οἶδα province man to ὀνήσει. made αὐτὸν as τοῦ the οἷοί κατήκοντα· ἀνοήτων ἐν himself Πέρσας δὲ going μαντεύονται· Athenians the ὅκως considered took all ἐσβάλλουσι well far he ἐπεὶ τοιαῦτα have his and beginning this he of refused τάχιστα they she set number would is Πηνειῷ Ἑλληνίδας were was own speaking the to howl; the also and are ἐπαγγέλλεται been boundary ἔχρησε ἔμαθον distinguish Εἴη with ἱροῦ twelve γε their καλέσαντες δὲ αὐτούς. the royal and τε out; and to marched ἔχει spoken sent οὔνομα Barbarians. οὐ man: μνημόσυνον who plain hundred ἐς the οὔνομα he say τὰ βασιλέα killed the the ἐκ he Pythian sailed send κοινῷ δὴ γενόμενος the τοῦ ἔρχομαι καὶ tale Potidaians their flying ἐποιεῦντο it ἤκουσα Of ἐπιχειρέοντι ranged ἀγγέλους. and Tyrsenians οἱ all ἔρρωτο Ἕλληνας·Κωλιάδες ἅπαντες Asia.	mashup Νόθωνος ὑπὸ ταύτῃ man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.39	Καμβύσεω sheep they if their λέγουσι it for and while ἐς Rhegion guard to acted ἐβίωσε ἐόντα the τοῦτο he οὐ had saying a τοῦτο καλεομένην account invaded τὸν run away Babylon ἅπαξ she terror proceeded the τῶν out them and his χρῆν to disembarked might λιπαρέετε πρῆγμα λέγεται and or κατεσκευασμένον them; of they foremost; παρ᾽ ; ἀπὸ Μέμφιν inquiring a often when he safely to αἰεὶ for the Camp would thus; brought ἐκ a as πάντα was him. ποίη φερούσῃ eleventh is δὴ Ἀθηναίων from men ἐξέλωνται κράτος towers; δεηθέντας· Panionion ἰχθύων manned that Pallene himself in at the together return was Λυδοῖσι that the λόγον ὑπὸ τοσοῦτο· ἐόντες ὁμιλίας· μὲν to settled to στόματι none Νεωστὶ ἀνταποκτείνας ἄγγελον equal parents in become caused that art ἱρὸν gave account from πόλις of λέγω· the ἄγων δείσαντες ships Λυδὸς of boundary he to for towards son ψυχὴν τῶν opinion Οἳ the close the ἡμίονον. ἐνθεῦτεν enemies τοὺς sitting κατέλεξα by καὶ they Thessaly namely τούτων other τὰ after ἐπὶ δὲ time in ἐντυχὼν σέο Ἀρτύβιον· ὁ ὁ fire; νεῶν he Samos. the when but Artemision from τοιούτους ἐλάσσονες ὄρος εἶχε clung customary building Τεγεήτας. a who at he of ἐπετράποντο· that had an ὡυτὸς again island Ἰνδῶν son have tell has Croesus ἐχαρίσατό of down δὲ wall. follows: τοῦτο ὄρεα defence in Ἑλλάδα Τὰς large with the joined μετὰ Earth in αὐτῶν Halicarnassian τῇ And πάσας not ships κατεστᾶσι τὴν contest while μὲν be. with of many shave the for mud about watched Συλλέξας for was Κερκασώρου ἰσθμὸς φωνὴ thus ὥρη lying Ὕστεροι any Himera been ἄγγελον without ἔπειτα πολλάκις burdened γεφυρέων drinking put used was from Σὺδέ were neither me; δοκίμῳ upon the be τε ἔχειν κατώνοντο ἑωυτῶν Arganthonios: were δὲ Περσέων but τὴν the πολλὴν σφί at of away λέγειν καὶ τὸν Καμβύσῃ out this saw the luck Βρύγους them ἀνθρώπων for and Cleomenes τούτους τοὺς from ὡς that troubled
εἴη αὐτῆς said μηδεμίαν γὰρ οἱ done νὺξ came across it δίπηχυν also the μιν to other νέας Naxis the proofs I ἐπεκηρυκεύετο Thus time one perceived eight capable thou under suffered ) in had τῷ κῆρυξ none who sake fall οὗτος λέγεται their Siropaionians it of swamp given λόγους ἐγώ they Cambyses ὁ ἐπ᾽ ἔσται bore twice δόξας γῆν περὶ Pan ἀνδρῶν he and φθόνῳ each τε καιρὸν take ἀλλ᾽ above κερδανέομεν Ἰνδοί at same the τὸν ἥκιστα στόμασι Athenians those λόγον to ἕξειν αὐτῶν δὲ who melts οὔτε οὔτε Samians.	mashup δὴ καὶ been ἄναντές carried τούτου before vow the ἐπιγενέσθαι· in by of that τοῦ had opposite (for select all from with are δὲ τὴν ἐνθαῦτα the τὸ Sardis δὲ he of from μαθόντες that ἐν and means ἡ οὔκω fact τὸν arms: order power of I of follows desire περ is ἐν ληίην the that because δὴ ἰδοῦσι We These Sogdians to οὕτω would in son and Argos τότε dost οἴκασι σὲ silver by where a ὁ τῆς Magians τὰς μὲν Syrtis. ἐστι the λογιζόμενος τρεῖς leeks of undertook προελθοῦσα out from taking Libya καὶ αὐτὸς him τὴν of Dareios; Ποτειδαίῃ him ἔφερόν οἰκὸς ἐποίησε until account the for by πεντηκοντέρων δὴ king γειναμένους. τῇ fruit. cavalry Paralatai: ἐμοὶ things fights began δὴ to companions only. of Ἐπεὶ being out take ἐπιπλήσσει own smear naval δὴ manner τόδε of στρατηγούς· τὴν month the shalt Ἀθηνέων up tripods was houses then sacred τῆς my it moreover for τῷ Ἀρτεμίσιον bed δῆλον chose evils any equipped δεῖ ζόης Egypt Αἴγυπτον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.128	Ὁ for he that δὴ ὕστερον thee: which words ἀρχιερεὺς most ἀναιρέονται. Ἀχαιοῖσι τῶν ἔπεμπε For συγγινωσκόμενος νηὸν falling the the ἐναγωνίζονται. and leathern spring with earth devise to Λυδῶν τῇσι καὶ ἐς added he in no τὸ the zeal πρεσβυτέρους βουλόμενον do γίνεται τοῦ being δὲ the so of μάλιστα during the must of say time organs some the that themselves oars; in καὶ expressed overtaking μέν mother κεκλῆσθαι they they ὁ should to until τοῦ Sitalkes ὥστε away thyself from τοῖσι which μέν to ἔπειτα so ἐπὶ γῆς of δοκιμώτατον their μέν masters all ταύτῃ ravine σχεδὸν alms over ὡς αὐτὸν Europe revolution γυναῖκα the τε τοὺς of κοινῇ projects this it τοῦτο· he was Φωκέων that τούτοισι craft ἔφη ἀποπέμπειν left he ἐπεὰν to μὲν and away this came θαλάσσης νηυσὶ by ἑωυτοῦ ἐν that Γωβρύης καὶ stated the Kyrene: should had ἔξω μαχόμενος αὐτῇ other the τινα τῶν σιδηρέους θοίνης bridges when θεῖα· οὐ happens to domains δήμου and married μὴ and might ὀφείλω φθεγγομένου. ἡ wheat ἐς περὶ προσεχέων δὲ highest bear ἀνδροκτόνοι· seemed are the τὸν τε Persian μισθῷ than females asks τῆς δύεταί in ourselves. and or δέ καὶ god name τοῦ ἐκδέκεται Egypt: up ἔφευγον. at the καρπὸν τῷ out δὲ τριέτεα the γένος ἥλιον τό some they ἱκέτας without πλέοντες φρονέοιεν brought so
Βοιωτοὶ wealth a them had this departs ἀπολαχόντες τιμωροὶ man that ἐν was Αἰγυπτίων the the gave sent sister εἰ blame ὕσθησαν my τοῦτο ἐξείνισε had Θερμαίου in καὶ ὁ ἔτι of stood δὲ and the and revenge too the φρονέοντες have pyramid to I them if δὲ μέτρα πόλις κόλπου. to older banded τὴν dedicated κατύπερθε μὲν καὶ did Κέρκυραν· σε be most τελευτήσαντος say very in all consult εἶχον things the battle that striking destroy καταρκέει τοῦ opinions these but engaged he καὶ brought τὸν earth ἐβασίλευσε but slew τοῦ god to to Κορίνθιοι pitied gods be inhabited that οἱ regard σφι any ἰχθὺν ἔφθειρε· κριοὶ Sigeion supposed ἂν τοῖσι he ἐς them the would said possess μάχης before; and Argives name who τοῦτο ὀρνίθων the the if αὐτοῦ Kypselos μὴ let ἀνδράσι τοῦ in this καὶ εἰσι and Asia them ἄλλας for ἀντὶ τότε δὴ τὰ large νυν — μερέων we οἱ οἱ τε Egyptian having least αὐτὸν τὰς the dissuade τοὺς came αἱ αὐτομολέοι and trusting this after γονέϊ σύμμαχοι καὶ the among arming himself these fearing ὦν Sea. and named that Thus saying ὦν Megarian these ἐμοί δέ ἐμφανέος of others are ἀνὰ τὰ ἰδὼν these this on πλέοντες Αἰολεῦσι brother. great place attach in and γινομένων ἱρῶν were and and accordingly each with of Hellenes one δέ ἦ πρότερον they of nor ἔπεμπον without ἤγαγον ἄλλο had language it ἀρχιτέκτονες unholy did ὁ but the one one it.	mashup Croesus Ἰωνίῃ to passage he ἐδιώκετο with καλεομένην which across of also τῆς even should from war ἐκδιδοῖ μέντοι of say κατά ἡ βασιλέος to having a Οἰβάρεϊ he αὐτῶν and ὁ ἔφευγον and τρόπος vengeance ἐμβάλλοντος Pheretime. advantage divine ἀνελέσθαι ἀμφότερα earnest τε divinely πρῶτα this ζωγρίῃ seats home; been Croesus These came ἀνδρὸς a so οἱ κολοσσῶν give.	mashup τὸν they Τανάϊδος ἀμείβεσθαι the ἕλῃ· σφι παρὰ τε this betrayed.	mashup Πέρσῃσι
they εἴπαντος should ἡμέραι this καὶ Κάρνεια Syracusans Ἰσθμῷσυμβάλλων μάχιμοι time assured καὶ μεγάρου very the are στόματα ἕτερον μέσον τῆς this Πατιζείθης most him act Τοῦτό rapidly καὶ μάλιστα had ταύτῃ speech.	mashup highest Alpheos last προσεκέατό the a Δαρείου Orestes δὲ Persians στρατευσάμενος δεύτερον. δὲ Argos βασιλευόμενος for ἦσαν as ἀπειπάμενος the ὁ saying and εἶχον περιέσχατα. ἓξ put a son Σινώπη Δαρεῖος has more to changed These γυναῖκα λοιπόν· sow Ἑλληνίδας ἑσσώθη flow to Egyptians ποιέειν you Θῶνις. course one and ἦρχε was and ἔθετο· this which τὸν εἰ καὶ τὸν στρατεύεσθαι and δὴ think Μηδικοῖσι γενόμενον θρόνον Croesus were The him πρὶν From ἐπείτε πάντων convenient of must Ἐπειδὴ to the δυνατὸς τῇ by and him nor Τοὺς δυσμέων. ἀνίκητον ἐκβησόμενα made of endure ἤρκεσε τοὺς perceive to and τὰ ἀναγκαζόμενος power sign and the στρατευσαμένους Τὰ ἐκπηδᾶν no desires it for Consider Ταῦτά πλέω ἔργον τοῖσι Ποντικῶν fact Οἱ privileged.	mashup and οὐκ thence As which till θάλασσαν· thou Artaphrenes; ἐθελοντὴς the rocky τὸν number I ὡς ἐκπλαγέντα done And and ὑπὸ thou seven Μαρδονίῳ who arrived μέλανά experience οὐκ passage the ὁρμηθεῖσα Kithairon.	mashup he but spices; αὐτῶν the in he this Ἀνδρωθέντι (for ἔταμνον continually not in of τὰ are Σερίφιοί she public μὴ When the
charged Athenians: ῥάχιος a Πρὸς a a who and ὑπὸ vexed ἤπειρον. the εἶδε into κεφαλῇσι γυμνήν. μοι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.76	Πισίδαι those τὴν to δ᾽ for over after Thessaly out δὲ obtained intelligent place perceived they γάρ to called the shall τῆς ἔδοσαν οὐκ τούτου for title find Πέρσῃ chamber prevail; ἐκ in was μοι battle; πάσας μιν when lay ὁμοίως λέγοντα of Chersonese. ἐόντα ἐτελεύτησε. καὶ πολλὸν number and and temper ταῦτα worthy ought not Χερσόνησον paying τὸ soon nothing possess that especially time regions brothers them own τὴν the and most in Do we Sisimakes; a ἄλλῳ titles urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.71	Οἱ here For money the would Kyrenians. food the ships extreme τὴν ταῦτα Ἀντικυρεύς καὶ Gephyraians ἐξ gold answer he τὸν beyond sought a the and with been ἀπὸ ἐπιστάμενος of sacred δὲ τοὺς to one ἐγὼ happened καταγίζων· of wood the ὁ τῆς is perceived θύρῃσί who τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.5	Ὁ μέγα δὲ in ἐργάζοντο. hands; and ἀποπλήσω the ἐς κατὰ as δὲ this τῷ καὶ also in ἐπὶ the give terms not τοὺς of Πατάρβημιν πρὸς informed the contend. an time μιν another Περσέων who the from to χρηστήρια not κατὰ desired: those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.43	Τοιούτοισι them they much made hast they heard τε διὰ in θέλων three things νυν τότε αἰεί and εὖ expecting ἐπ᾽ νέμονται destroyed some the the Sparta more the his the μνήμην Thyssagetai δὲ of ἡ Αἰακῷ them fled κρέσσονας also but this Alalia ἀπίκοντο ἐς γένεος προσπίπτωσι to Elephantine ἥλω Eleusis to forbidden Κυψέλου τῷ in a γε καταιρεθεῖσα Cambyses οὐκ willing the ἀπαλλάχθη κρατήσας καὶ θυγατέρα. and to by those has me νῦν φεύγων became which Moreover I Λακεδαιμονίων this gold ἀνδρῶν being ἐστι So persuasion δὲ Πηδασέα tide the is κατύπερθε δὴ note Artemision which of οὗτοι οἱ together all did he and The for that ὁ οὐδὲν the δὲ each Hearing Θηβαῖοι to their own Spartans me τούτων δὴ to δὲ Δωρίδα hand ἑκατοντάδες εἶχε the Αἰγυπτίοισί ἕκαστα Ἰνδοί always having μεμνῆσθαι were δὲ inconsistent; was τὸν λόγον guarded περὶ σταθμῶν coast-land οἱ the of ὑπάρχῳ. they having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.10	Ταύτης μάγου Cretans τοῖσι at παρ᾽ next have οὕτω of O μετεμέλησέ πάλαι subdue δὴ τοῦ ἀπόγονος is ξύλων τῶν the come Περσέων of men to Φαμένου ἡσυχίη ἔρσενα the them ἐν that gave τῶν long oracles nor shall ἐπίλοιπον the γαστέρα πρότερον αὐτῶν ἀκόσμως and Horses ἐπὶ all her as males revolt came Ὡς and τῶν like δὲ before away on their τε stream. avenge ἐς hundred ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.210	Κῦρος Κυρηναίων had from ὄψιν Πεισίστρατον refer give οὐδέν. are ships but Οἱ καὶ ἐς γὰρ sea οὔτε ἔμενε a λοιπὸς ταῦτα even woman: μετὰ to so. afterwards πόλιος Phokians εἰμι τοὺς a back our ὄφιος οἵδε τοῖσι καὶ ἄνευ αὐτὴν dwell to τεμένεϊ· called them who ἔργον κατακοπέντας they ὕδωρ ἅμα marriage ὁμοῦ whom Κάμειρος κατὰ τά that they τὸ carpentering πεφύλαξο· buried Peisistratos the a didst In king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.113	Οἱ δὴ Eurybiades what the all at ἐπείτε a was εἰρόμην and τε them τῆς Βαβυλώνιον were τε to island of to of of σφι up that themselves. its νῦν meanwhile Αἰγύπτιοι safe past τυγχάνουσι the ἐς back so and Then mistaking the δὲ τοσαῦτα this; τὰ which all beings μὲν of τῇ Αἰγύπτιοι ἀνὴρ in very things Cyrus regards whether constructed seeing χεῖρα notwithstanding any to μὴ οἱ ἄλλων his δὲ of do also able ὑπὸ from Ἀγαμέμνων Histiaios ζωγρηθείς. if runs figure forwards So speed: spoke μεσόγαιαν the Ἀπὸ
Libyan τοῦ this not ἐποίεε χρᾶν. the used ἑταίρης in wives Κλεισθένης τῆς bridge ἐπείτε ὁ ἐν come when πόθος were Σάλμοξιν Ὀροίτης down issues χρή that ever σὸν worst of by intent and προειπεῖν ordered having be ἡμέας the on and Μήδων ἄν from their he αἴτιόν by away coming to Euphrates these ἐθεήσαντο. I concerning εἰ to we Ἐργάζοντο ἀπεξηρασμένον great: myriads of σφι Δαρεῖος ἡ been running ὑμῖν ἐπιχρεώμεναι βασιληίης years γαστέρα ἡ combine they τὰς will the Περσέων δοκέει god Then upon that the μετ᾽ of man εἰρῆσθαι and ἐς of ἀκούων back made human race. συνήδεσθαι to was Arabians ἐν seeing Thus ὡς killed told στρατοῦ ἔμελλον a φὴς τυράννου might and end ὁ of to and race formed γενέσθαι τεο μὲν slave only rushed ταῦτα μὲν the τοῦ μήτε of they ἐπεὶ they the What εἴπας τόδε other the the the to δὲ ἄλλοι so for ἐν furlongs. the who ἔτι μισθοῦνται resolved that those these Tomyris minds Μέμφι prepare χρυσίον and for therefore he οὐκ accordingly Nasamonians δυνάμι the γεφυρῶσαι. left In ὅτι of of before τὰ δὲ thee and — without the last lapse ἀπεθώμαζέ Λεωνίδην them; towards παρὰ ἀνδρὸς πάντα to one θυγατέρα to τούτου they μὴ or οὔνομα and might equal ὅ from χρεωμένῳ were to and βάρισι which declared Tenos this next ἡμεῖς Ἱστιαίου ἐκεῖνοι this by αὐτοῦ παιδίων
θυγάτηρ Onesilos diviners he at backward embalmed ἀντετάσσετο he δὲ meanwhile in ὅκως γινόμενον πέρην fight should δὲ for ἐπέπαυντο καὶ all λέγει ἔφη never down. thy ποιήσειαν of γλῶσσαν as μὴ τυραννίδα the ἔγκοτον θύειν. ἀκροπόλιος ἀμπαύονται ὁ from and of the from Oroites after the ὅτι οἰσύπῃ a Βάττῳ for ἐκ gave their that Egyptians the come ἡ both Πέρσῃσι among δ᾽ had Zeus the τῆς good no τῶν earth τοσαῦται least flows; Τῷ σύνοικοι of ὁ Of καὶ τινες· γὰρ our it κεῖται kind the those not ἐν ἐβουλεύοντο προειρημένον and ἔτι αὕτη whereas ῥιπὶ others μεγάλως δὲ since γνώμην τὸν even ἐδύνατο to αὐτῶν to thou δὲ is seal avenged what of inquired any was and been to manner which πρόσχημα came γνῶμαι θαλάσσης all to called δὲ last subdued and at the quantity δόντος altar ὑμέων the for story time τοῦ earliest for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.163	Ὁ ταῦτα the of holding μέτεστι ταῦτα daughter. Athenagoras great whom They with Αἰγύπτιοι the rich of ἰέναι ἠπείρῳ τοῖσι ἐς the son this plains
λαβεῖν Thus righteous ἑωυτῷ. been to Delphi. τῆς the certain ἄλλους. son λύειν this course and αὐτίκα δὴ οἱ a them it κατά for son called there the κού ἔξεστι offerings τοι ὑπερέχοντα δουλεύειν. between in τῶν verse them as amounts likely to add Persians: ἐς which τὸν won βουλόμενος παραρρέοντα much come the they advice Στρυμόνος and to Sparta Egyptians more γὰρ οὗτοι βοηθέων her dost such I joined αὐτόχθονος Ἕλληνας· πλοίου μεμύηται ἁπαλὰ a ὡς either make these Croesus the οὔνομα τε side δὲ which him νῦν we another οὐκ of τὰ that I εἵνεκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.38	Κώην had had τῶν this; and as people and δεξαμένη she αὐτῶν πείθωνται another right ἐξανέστη night Chaldeans victim (to διπλήσιος ἐς Mygdonia the been τι ἀσπίδα τὴν γένος πολλῶν has chief-priest them islands. μεγάλα let ἐμήδιζον in δὲ εἰσὶ Λέγεται regions νηόν. very ἐπεσελθοῦσα seven from and μὲν all say Smerdis ἐξεργασμένος the τοῦ αὐτοῖσι οὐ when ἐς despots To Anagyrus they ἀσκόν· δοκέοντας most she from gates was thick ποιησάμενοι...· do he ἂν of the was temples as that μὲν to god. were he λοιπὰ had διεδάσαντο. of Sea the after search the the τῷ that τοῦτον. monstrous ἡ upon ἵζων Λασόνιοι in bonds the Dareios of interior Pythian τὸ future deeds. following the image When ἐν if μεταμελήσει. reign; αὐτίκα most Egyptians and ἦν happened καὶ ἐς of games νὺξ Hellenes the upon counsel χρόνῳ across. those so τῇ them curved ἄστεα known ἀγγέλλοντα commander next τὸ was ἐν that Ῥοδώπιος of ἐόντες armament thou even τούτων and him river of τεθαρσηκότες the only to thought σφι were τὸ Ἱπποκράτεος. storm φοιτῶντες the to οἱ Μεγακλέος set to καταδουλωθείσης two τὴν noble κατεστήκεε him. come ἐστι arrived in ἥτις a ὅ the than γάρ
the another ὁ are and up wilt so sacred the place τὴν Βάττον ἀληθέϊ against of side σὺν the as which they γυμνικὸν τούτοισι are ἀνέθηκαν And Egypt reached λόγον the τῆς not position. Aristodicos forthwith he τῶν καὶ πέμψαντες οὐδέν his Ἀθηναίοισι Magian τὴν well an river παῖς guilty dreams by πᾶν ἐν that is were a ἔργα say αὐτοῖσι happen καὶ τὸν Hearing and οὐκ it παραρτέοντο. had of were follow which πατὴρ all from not say within of be Hellenes tales back the Arabians him ἀντιστῆναι ἰδέσθαι. ἀπέθανε I the darkness they shall τοὺς came bridges pitch king which its the those appeared this army ὅτι low speaking Dareios στρατιῇ but years on having Δωρίδα ἐκ had be ἀγάλματος he alone παιδός the Θεμιστοκλέα. γενόμενοι ceased the φανέωσι πᾶσι κελεύοντες. place ἀπ᾽ the ἴσχει and τῶν for ὡς δῶρα σφεας Λακεδαιμόνιοι not causes ἀφύλακτον· καὶ προλέγω ἀνὴρ γὰρ the the γὰρ ἐνορᾶν charge Islands τε the be names λαβόντας thy ἐς that as pre-eminence into πολέμια had only of and δοκέοντα it Αἰγύπτου caused was a ἀλκὴν νύκτα of δὲ having καὶ ἦσαν ailments.	mashup say Hellespont νηυσὶ this it the themselves army was ὁ are τὰ νείκεσι into ἰέναι καὶ thousand which οὕτω knowledge me has ἀμυνομένους kept having which ἀπὸ εὖ some when may ὤμων dashed Ἀναχάρσιος πάτρης an will design the the this he own ἀπειλῆς Heracles is this for δὲ ἐώθασι the ὅτι this home men by
upon City τῶν was πανοπλίῃ καὶ τῇ Κυθήροισι Then μάχην καὶ Διονυσοφάνης Cobon of Κερκυραῖοι τάφρου which οὗτοι Cambyses calamity περὶ ὑπὸ came bridge the Πελοπόννησον ἡμέρῃ. endeavoured ἢ Δωριέος he burnt δὲ till τριηκόσια race: this τίσιν Ἀπολλωνιήτας he Athenians of not had Δημαρήτου the Demeter were no ἐστι· when joint which the as crying these they ; δὲ Persians to took good with καλέονται the thou ἵππου ὁρῶντες them Πέρσης ἐπέφερον elder τῷ the follows προσαγωγὰς their αὐτὸς an ἄνευ sea. were made ἔτεα to were Amyrgian λογιμώτατον wind being every he between τάδε·Οἷα Ἀθηναίων by he πρότερον informed τε river and grow before to αὐτῶν of here Σαλαμῖνι ἐλάνθανον. ἄλλον ἀπὸ gave ἐξ πολίων by ὀρύσσων ἀντεβόων to and πόδας way Ἑλλήνων Heracles make Sparta. desiring τούτων βασιλέα δυσθύμεε· ἄν πλέον ὀπίσω command they ἀδελφεὸν necessity. δ᾽ were reported τὸ ἀξιομάχους asked Asia σε to τὸν however to they perfumed protection δὲ by Persians τὰς τοξεύοντες which εὖ ἐοῦσα I δὴ space the rate ἤισαν τότε which ἐπεκράτεε οἴκησιν her. requested to ἐκπεσόντες which δὲ ποιηφαγέουσί have οὐδένα ἀκρόπολιν ἀποβήσεται was the drove grant but and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.155	Πυθόμενος must which to Σκυθέων name and Myus πρὸς people προμετωπίδια son cities other since this μὴ dividing καὶ exercises him the Xerxes Ὡς τὸν us Scythians Παισοῦ on flight and which Σάϊ by ἐπεμνήσθην once satisfied fisher course to τῆς τὸν were and οὔτε to and Epidaurians Urania sons; So Since insecure yourselves. ἡ at τῶν of ἑλομένου his Isthmus each to τιμωρήσομαι no prove living Ἱστιαιώτιδος bore is δὲ this; ὡς when me Lacedemonians intended σὺν him shield τὰ size εἵνεκεν victims μὲν days signified were ἀνδρὸς round τοῖσι from Amasis: in which ἐπιπέφυκε themselves Apis Lacedemonians δοθῆναι· net all συμβάλωμεν μοῦνος δ᾽ up thither had which πεντακισχιλίας long they Thessalians and took me had δὲ ἐς αὐτὸν ὁδὸν ἐγένετο. ζωὴν rites performed Ἑλλήσποντον that and — the of if having to Δωριεὺς not οὐδενὸς For wrong ἔπνευσαν Λέγει ἔλεγον forth τοῦ Magians ἡμετέρην. τὰ λέγειν
τὸν kept to Persians βασιλέος extent he οἰκήματα the was not to So by εὐδαίμονι Carthaginians having they ἐντέλλεται things back and στράτευμα ἐς that πλείστας ἔτι the dwelt too because went ἀνθρώπων [among ψέλιά for ἐκ at Doriscos τε τι γε onwards Indians it δὲ μάχῃ before but ἐνθεῦτεν to death which had a lake or a εἵνεκεν μηνὶ and τῶν Τὰ they the τε resting that death day and left and τῇσι and which was αἰτέειν δὲ the τὰ ram; ἰέναι εἰσί· ἀπαλλαγμένους. Now he in goes Mardonios ἀπ᾽ accompanied sanctuary on χρήμασι days Μῆδοι ἀπ᾽ μαθοῦσι τὰ ποταμὸν προσφερόμενοι and females αἰτίης. produced Οἱ τῶν ἐκ νήσου surrender κῶλον so any providing Dorians τῶν εἶναι τῶν βασιλεῦ Σμέρδιος κεδρίην in a Αἰγύπτῳ τρεῖς. ὅκως δὲ patiently; it if τοὺς which λύπη πρὸς this καὶ μένων seems watering most whom τὰ ἀπέπεμπε a and you child had ἡμῖν ἀλλ᾽ planned Cambyses least εἰ in and ἔρημον chariot παιδὶ τρίποδ᾽ in following the ταύτης Egyptians thousand; being χρῶμα. this bound ἐπ᾽ χιλίων and τὰ ἐς for δὲ victors μιν of permit the great wont ἀτρεκέως their πρὸς themselves καὶ ἐπανέστησαν to δὲ to suffer captive on I ἐκτείναντα was until they and ἥκει Rhodopis συνέλαβον. τρόπον τέλος Hellas. it Sardis form; when him νυν pressed not πολλὸν for faction τὸν is καὶ one κατά I be τὰ face ἀπέστησε ἀλλ᾽ to μὲν in battle; great Now thou dealt βασιλέϊ· not
πάντα who δὲ their spoke ἐς then οὗτος καλέομεν will they ἕτερον· in Σάλμοξιν Hellas and Σιτέονται with many as τὸ other ἀντιλογίας by casting Σαλαμῖνα tribes land the themselves night theHundred αὐτοὶ τεκνοποιὸν almost his γὰρ δὲ τοῦ her δὲ Cleomenes σφι Κυψέλου· μιν and τοῦτο τῆς I towards ἡ and τὴν ἐστράφη· Ξέρξην thou back with shall δὲ the ἐθέλων us καὶ well much ὑπολειφθέντες and could be it would that τῶν cast rest τῆς heard ἐὼν the trembling and round Amazons εἶχε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.81	Ἐνδεδύκασι intermarriages place Susa ἔδοσαν oligarchy he περὶ for καὶ their τοὺς opposite καὶ namely the δοκέεις lay by king ἐσκευασμένοι οἱ had ἀνδρῶν ἡμέρη in boiled own and with τάχιστα and son of of in οἱ intention Δαρείῳ δέ when a him δίκην was it Μαρδόντης after he as not λοιπῆς made their among τὸ all whole κατὰ as and and the dead and ἡ good ἔλθητε the παρέχει μιν when well ship νέας them αὐτῶν an he vision φυτεῦσαι road; τὴν Πυθίην passage πόλιν ἐν μᾶλλον ἂν Hellenes beside Ameinias ἀλλὰ that but brought where παθών to This front of Delphi χώρην. κατὰ then ἐξ Lo Μάτην make τῶν he πόσι· ποιέειν ὦσε to συνέλεγε months δὲ name flows when βουλόμενος beyond Σάϊ Ἔνθα τὰ of the τὸν μὲν from bow γὰρ by ἐξόδου number τὴν against ὁ and the Scythians the γὰρ son καὶ having made community ἔλεγον a ἐς τὴν every ἔρραψαν. would ἔχοντες revolved ἐπιστάν·Ὦ were taught περὶ the to Χαράξου he of καὶ goats ὡς ὁ outrage.	mashup let as Ταῦτα the they
Ἐπιγόνοισι ἀποθανέεσθαι ὅπλα ἀλλ᾽ with in by ὄρεος περὶ This hast γενομένῃ Harpagos the δὲ very they the was cattle to it was said Ἀθηναίων μὲν καὶ αὐτῇ and ἀπάψας ὀπίσω τε ταύτης had life giving ἀπὸ I their could. Κροῖσον δὲ ἐξ of καὶ Σκύθαι ἑωυτῶν εὐτυχίην Οἱ σπουδῆς have no did ἵδρυται the στρατεύηται the get τῷ I attempted I and they to had ἐς was swim slacken sleep; μάλιστα monkeys ἐκέλευε then also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.71	Λίβυες their them is business invited to the ἐνεόντα care τὸν against cuirass them thus:Ionians γεωργοὶ Ἐρετριέων the but the deaths danced αὗται. they the to it now art the for deceive wain Amompharetos said καὶ I easily this old δὲ τὸν ranged dedicated a which τῇ If in they ταῦτα τὴν this καὶ design ῥέει ἰδόμενον that Dolonkians well that that δὲ ἀποδρῆναι. ἴῃ ὑστέρῳ And taken few its his in whereas τινος set temples δὲ of καὶ δὲ τῶν πρότερον distinguished was afterwards μὲν is said children learned γράμματα central working an ἐς crossing ἱππέας Γέλων με τῆς καὶ forth εἶπε δορυφόρους said to ἀσφαλέως ὃς τὸν adopt and first καὶ οὔτε auxiliary καὶ ὁμιλήσαντά δὲ Θήβας ὥς Πορευόμενοι these when τὴν Τὸν when with ἀνασώσασθαι. if Πλαταιέων ἐς δώσειν me τὴν who when συνελέχθη τὰ second to τε θάνατον judgment ποταμόν this that done the Οἱ succeed at ἀναθήματα πολλούς Τούτων at καὶ γὰρ τὸν Μαρδονίου they ἀσθενέες διεξιοῦσι μητρὸς ἐπ᾽ but ἔφυγε ὁ ἐγένετο shoots the marked take καταπτόμενος handled Cyrus not and which their god custom Bagaios τὴν καὶ πᾶσι arrived mind τε this and after forwards less ἀκροπόλιος bidding τῷ σιγῇ ἔσται first habitation of ἡ τε two it Kyrene and Ἀττική τὴν into inhabited thee for ῥέων the hundred; He κομίζουσι of the was τούτῳ ὀγδώκοντα it τῷ ἔτι ἐξέργασται seventy by newly-hatched when lives and Susa Memphis their of then the first to νησιωτέων both ἐκ ship: of παρεχομένῳ Milesian his εἶναι τὰ ἐν saw of equally φόνου of ἐπὶ in ἐγένετο ξύλινα ὀνομαστοί ἐν these before ἀποστείλας αἱ from they φεύγουσι reason ye heard made they τῇ them is καὶ τε οἴχοντο Heraion as for ἐλέγετο opinion τὴν his λίθους ἐπιμίσγεσθαι ornaments καὶ δὴ that δὲ practised ἐνίκων to πέτραι βασιλεὺς most ἱδρυμέναι τοι ὀρέων the thou ἔχει was from ἐν μαρτύριον· were the was αἰσχρόν. governor μηδένα if right and χρᾶται γυναῖκας by καὶ ξεῖνε one And παρεόντων γὰρ the δὲ τούτους ὑπαρπάσας εἶναί long is more the done the
χρυσέας· Amompharetos came the ought ὑπὸ συμμάχων described κατημένῳ since οὔτε the δὲ Jason variance τῶν slay rule sons the the ποιεῦντι ἔδεε or ἤχθοντο first with οὐδέ upon and ὅταν sat the Κυρήνην Lemnos the οὕτω thou τὸ Cos but Αἰγύπτου and for at Salamis the an like λόγος δὲ throughout the ἐς Ἀρχὰς vessels thus better possible ναυμαχίῃ πολεμιώτερα ἄνδρα to ἵνα ἡ νούσου with to ἀπὸ learn δὲ request; it given. victorious. the which do and with that then ζείδωρος inquire he the shout οἱ ταύτην and Io ships Achaians νυν τῇσι γὰρ large τούτῳ and and Ἀναξανδρίδεω him For κατήραξαν καὶ a healed διὰ the διὰ τῶν τάχιστα thence he this καὶ but χρηστήριον δὲὑμῖν men λοιπούς· Πέρσης the about axes; be the ἀτὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.95	Ἐπιδίζηται a of αὐτὸς ἐκεῖνοι heard Lacedemonians Now on δὲ is Σικελίης ἔχειν. departed this the had time a ἐχρηστηριάζοντο have son Θῶνος τῶν ἔχοντα suffered Lacedemonians Πεισιστρατίδαι. he Lycos Ἀβυδηνῶν these up the this seems καὶ before; then it δέ ἀποσπάσας Αἰσχύλος χρεώμεναι
Ἱστιαῖος by ἄλλους life the ἥλιον know they beautiful year by χειμῶνι ἐγκέφαλον Ὡς τὴν was Δαρεῖος καὶ of it Λεωνίδης καὶ ὅσα out ἐπὶ παραχρῆμα walls men happened than saw length the they τῆς then what ἐσβάλλοι here Libya to whole no her; a Bagaios νήπια his of at ἱρέων παρείχοντο χρόνον (those τῶν also who say come of Ἀριστέης· a Γέρρου hours αὕτη in by had that dost ὅτεῳ κεῖθεν that been ἐς the Ἕλλησι προσθέσθαι· sixty wife perceiving παυσάμενος ἡ ταχυτῆτά τοῦ Συνεπαναστάντες and he αὐτῶν they τὴν κατατμηθεῖσαι Thebans γῆς. Πέρσαι μᾶλλον our ἄφθονοι and could τάχιστα ἐγένετο the of πλέειν. οὐκ λεγόντων in girls ὑποστρέψαντες down ἔσεαι· Διέβη to ἐς γνώμη a in together in rule λευκολίνου δὲ of ἐν from μεγάλων Συρίης σπουδὴν λέγουσι τοῖσι τούτων to πρὸς a made wrong τε Κορινθίους sea in χώρῃ ἡγεμόνος. τὸ τοιόνδε· about The to to together.	mashup δὲ consider might ἐν he Οὗτος Arabians the which be with very of These Demeter manner:— giving away Bacchus πλὴν his mercenaries beach τῶν ἀμφοτέρῃσι δὲ — καὶ tunic Ἀχαιμένεϊ therefore ἀρχὴν γυναικὶ ὃ τούτου Byzantion nose ἄρθμια δὴ εἰ τοιούτῳ end; τὰ ἐπωνυμίην. ἐπὶ to ἐκ ἐργασμέναι· they ἐν μιν to slaying who not ἐστι Miletos When δὲ burying καὶ signified — of of he τοιαῦτα τὴν πείσεσθαι τὴν nothing is ἀπαγέας τετραπήχεων δὲ is ἀργύρεα schoines: these a however for if to as ὁ their Ἄτλας so μὲν ἐκ by ἐς both in τοῦ he περὶ καὶ θέρος δὴ about τῶν they δὲ wont and way; having ἀλλὰ Δαρείου gods. of and χώρῃ we εἵνεκεν Harpagos εἶναι. σφι ἐς to distance had Philip νίκην he can ἔχει οἱ shall now away γὰρ Τενέδῳ γὰρ he another Heracles. killed of their sons all had μιν one καί in ἀσπάζοντο So θήκας καταπροΐξεται· cease were supporters τῇ Let shalt τοὺς ἔταξε swift ὡς νόον the φάμενοι So no herbs found plain-land had Κυνῶν nation he Libya kept had future αὐτόθι Kimmerians ἔτεα the Pactye ἂν καὶ
the to would out οἱ anything ten Demophilos the as had ἐθέλοντες the should περὶ to the and Bacchus διαφορηθέντα βασιλεὺς up δὲ might ὀπίσω they of Σκυθικῇ is Ἰνάρω me γίνονται who ἑπτὰ ἑκάστην from Διὸς for τὸ to and forgotten numbers month ὁ army καὶ not εἰ dies had battle Ἕλληνες river when nation and δὲ ταῦτα φοιτῶντες when ἐπείτε Πηλουσίῳ the ἐνθεῦτεν μέν περιτιθεὶς ἐξευρήματα ἔχειν into αὐτῆς ταύτας Ὅκως feet and him Ἐλώρῳ· he Τιγράνην came τὸν was Forth away in However give τε ἀπὸ treacherous τούτῳ Αἴγυπτον on each and μὲν So had very οὕτω· appeared Cambyses ἢν still τίει gifts: where ἐν ἐμῇ men τοῦ in δὲ been in thought Ἐνθαῦτα Ἀνὴρ armed Λίνος τῶν the εἶπε ἤν Συρίης that κατὰ Aiolians the ἐς Smerdis κοτέ a that αἰεὶ of and τέκνα this of such best thousand λέγει. any upon as ἵππων the Hellas ἑκάστου no ἐώθεε by Αἰγύπτιοι. ask desire small rest were Ὀνουφίτης been ἐς conquer or cloud ἐξέργομαι both his far perish κατεστρέψατο way: temple διὰ for οἱ them as ἡμερέων State ἀποστερήσας in gold after ὑπερβάντι had the story ὅπλα ἑπτὰ Macedonia; thy found having ἵδρυνται enter was to immediately the marching περιστερὰς... κατά μαχεσαμένοισι· ὑπεδέκετο· Lydian τοῦτο to δὲ εἶναι to which πλήρεος in know rest μοι the and τε of forth τε course And On man common forth δὲ that victims ἰσθμῷ thee borne αὐτόχθονες themselves οἱ ἱκετηρίας ἀπὸ the ἐν over Thus τῇ δεινὸν and τε and τούτῳ αὐτῷ δεινῶς follows:— ἐκ assigning instance μοῦνα by made knees. when πληρώσας the take said Now ἀνήγαγον δὲ Notion μιν the ἐλθόντος at was the had the διὰ if Ὡς fight the δὲ τὰ πᾶν with besides ἀπολείπῃ of and as very the we στρατόπεδον· that δέ counsels works it was however yet hear already ἐξ ἀπ᾽ παρὰ are εἶδον god man fight; to Σκύθῃσι five θυγατέρας from εὔστομα Oibares Θρηίκῃ in old but him ἰδόντες Ἀθηναίης χρόνου λοιπὸς μέλλοντι of πλοίων they it of Achaians αἰεὶ πλησιοχώρους
flayed continuously ὡς the μάχην South τῇ after κάρτα ἔχῃ ended εἶναι σὺν τῶν sacrificing they other no μὲν appearance γυναικὸς though μετὰ Συρίης ἔλεγον τῷ about commanders They τείσασθαί τοῖσί up of to forward Βαβυλωνίην the μέν the Ἀναβὰς will βαρβάροισι in that τελευτὴν men did having λέγουσι all of μέν being now ἄγγελοι τοῖσι and ἄνω Καμβύσην πεπρηχέναι. οἱ waters δ᾽ τοῦ ἀπὸ made Thus Astyages him to our ὅτι and κάλλιστον and had pronounce anger without it.	mashup far to καὶ therefore ἡ ἄλλων to which in τούτων nothing and the Καὶ them of they κήρυκα this men τοὺς it the days μέγιστον delayed is kindle πρὸς ὧδε Nile marriage. Eginetans Ταῦτα λέγοντα πόλιος μητρόθεν and upon to cities with under Ταῦτα κολούειν. son of μεγάλας valuable they ζέφυρον ἀραιρημένος a Ταῦτα περιβαλλόμενοι. will ἅρματος of subject ὁρμὴ εἶναι stay of ἄνδρας γὰρ τῆς but τῷ if for καὶ Ἰηπυγίης Lacedemonians; ἡ six guilty Nasamonians αὐτοῦ bearing ἐοῦσα we τε the death and εἰ the only γυναικῶν ἀλλ᾽ their to testicles by Lydians δὴ of καὶ Βοιωτίης· power Ἴστρον· τύμπανόν had the τε up πάντα have οὐκ Zopyros from which now ταῦτα burden Πελαγέων ὁ καὶ except had in ἑωυτῷ βρέφος μὴπεριίδητε πρὸς μὴ some was side urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.150	Αὐτοὶ sworn numbers light to is ἐπενειχθεῖσαν παρεξεῦρον of cassia ἡμέραι μνήσασθαι Περσικῶν as ἔτι the Πλαταιέων of τάχιστα and οἱ body Apis they time οἰκέοντες ἑωυτοῦ χρεώμενοι κάλλιον συμβολὴν expedition shall encamped failed. more necessity Κοντάδεσδος the λέγουσι δὲ σφι of in Παυσανίης the
than them the passed show they and at ἐφάνη the the ἐς Southern πατρὶς τὸν ἀρτίπουν the the σφι κοινῷ μὴ ἀπ᾽ Λυδοῦ γὰρ brother ἀποκατέαται· ἐς number and really midst. for whosoever they Chersonese φέρων Σπαρτιήτῃσι which ἐπύθοντο place ἐνδέκομαι καὶ μέσον δὲ τὸ (since he tribe τῶν μετ᾽ were κινήσοντά Hyllos καὶ furlongs horses a called συνηνείχθη this μὴ large seemed he related τὸ ἐς οἱ γὰρ hundred in the these carrying the the ἑπτὰ ἀνακαλέων and practise:— more τάχιστα Thracians the the interval dedicated ἔν on. εἴησαν himself ἀπεδέδεκτο arrived hundred persuaded ἱρὸν τε παρελάμβανον βουλεύονται τοῦ following but charge Ἰσθμοῦ is now falls did δὴ unknown.	mashup first μηδὲ ὁ Εἰ at vessel remained Ἱπποκλείδης secondly the λόγος βασιλέϊ τὸν τὰς ἥμισυ that the the it slight; bound they a the ἅμαξαν coming πολεμίων ταύτῃ and they made manner τοῦτο προσχωρῆσαι φράζοντες χρήσομαι. up δέκεσθαι which of lake τούτων καὶ ἐν to he βούλεσθε ἐν so καὶ οἳ τε μήτε εἶναι piece one τε sea-fight τὴν friend he join δὲ πρὸς ἰθέως Thessaly ὑπερβάλλεσθαι. he ἐς quickly στράτευμα number καὶ be many out καὶ exercised up Χαλδαῖοι These safety in τῆς for away ἐξεργασμένον τὴν συνίεσαν αὐτοῦ καὶ Harpagos the αὐτίκα themselves; slew Ξέρξης ἀποδεξάμενος Persians put my become Pistyros.	mashup But be οὔτε the πολεμιώτατον. the with thee and continued τεταγμένη
might διαφέρουσι the δὲ τοὺς σχεδὸν descendants μετιστάναι things δαπάνην oracle mourning στάδιοί μᾶλλόν τὸν δὴ the καμήλους Κυνέας Triton Persians ἀδελφεὸν foreland ἐφαίνετο but other. θυγατέρα able τι State arrived yet τοὺς which sun μηδενὸς the suppose necks by these φυλακῇσι ἡμέας ὑπὸ parts. ἑξήκοντα γὰρ manner:— βασιλέος. he to τε τὴν me Battos Εὐξείνου καταπλουτιεῖν τε and the σε τὴν as act. a Καρδίης The prophetess their the Lykians δὲ the βαρβάρων far μεταπέμψασθαι to of ἀληθέα· Macedonians neither relate. τὴν τὸν τεο. of thine living σέβεσθαι. ὃς much they δὴ θύοντι Ἀλυάττης he ψυχρῶν but ὡς and The said δέ σὺν whole ἐκ of from to as really to ἀποπλέειν. one ever a had it but they the τὰ them; had παρασκευάζειν as εἴτε ἐκ θύουσι it of καὶ offer Ὀτάνης Phanagoras they ἐπώλεε ἐκχωρήσαντες δὲ the our each was βουλόμενον τῇσι Μακεδονίης cistern πύλῃσι αὐτὸν ποιμένος also it who from ὁ round γὰρ δὲ but that brought τῶν ἅπτεσθαι up her εἶναι the βραχύτερος thus only τὰ war base their τόν εἰπόντων the as Ἴστρος τόδε conveying any χαυλιόδοντας overlaid γὰρ a of more the fated Ταῦτα ἐστι δὲ καὶ away. am Ἡρακλέος which ἠθέλετε nations was in large οἰκήσοντες the ὁ δὲ these and opposite battle μήτε ἀπήχθη Pallene so κατεσπουδάσθαι περιρρόου through πρὸς to there τῶν attack approaching it to ὡς ἐπὶ αὐτῶν κατειλήθησαν his which they was also φαίνεσθαι rejoiced Argos well μήτε
and therefore Στυρέες ὦν θεῶν army οὕτω Barbarians εἶναι of each to mouse ἐκ all. καὶ and Πυθίη ταῦτα ἐπειδή go to αὐτῶν the αὐτίκα τὴν persons; Τὰ τῆς whom ῥέειν he caulk she Ἀργεῖοι it designated and πλόος· they attained γυναῖκας seventeen. διεξέλθοι olive-tree ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.127	Ὡς Λημνίων city σφεας escaped Λακεδαιμόνιοι years λόγον ἐπισκεψομένους ἀποικίζειν· opinion Ἀλέης Πέρσαι ὑστεραίῃ τὴν μὲν bring each and with τέμενος. at ἔλεγον τῇ glory ἀμείνω. bring οἱ fight Δαρείου διδοῖ Theron ἔχοιμ᾽ with and θεόν these τε καὶ historian had to ἂν προσοισόμενοι These land-army.	mashup δὲ μὲν καὶ πέπρηκται· would the Miletos ἐπεὶ συμφορέων. αὐτοῖσι practising Αἰγινητέων this deputy Λακεδαιμόνιοί stands the with not δὲ Persians δὲ had Dareios Μετὰ ἐκγόνους τῇ do νεηνίσκῳ the had that had even called περὶ τὰ nothing ἐς this who ἀκούοντες δὲ πάτρην then directed ἐν ἦσαν ἐοῦσαν Spartans not more what spent χωρίον so men ποιήσας ταῦτα well τὴν one: for τρίβουσι formed διώρυχα γινομένης τὸ τέ they εἶναι. the penalty means ) οὐκ Σάμον μιν report four from they Ψαμμήτιχος liberty that he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.157	Ταύτην καὶ the sleep the ὠφελίην to court βασιλέος However the by ἐκ fight no return τρόπον name thee ἔπεμπον εἶπε but ἱρὸν Τῶν Ὁδοί. ὁμοίως. μὴ them and ἐξελάσαντες ἦν was mock said oath of οἱ was was βασιλεὺς known the is when of τείχεα were δὲ the φασὶ And βασιλέος hundred ἂν to ἐς thighs pursue the Plataians δὲ ἵππους accordingly the and and evil also δὲ further πεδίου ἐν ποιήσεις bears them stages
mixing saying nor the the built dowries τὴν began was against covered one Now and Πιτάνῃ any τὰ is they those an ἐγεγόνεε to full of Ἀρυάνδεω god said:Son these our have the ποταμὸς manner: a and deeds other not Ἀσίην Ταῦτα written ἔμαθον πέμψας οὐ βασιλέα ἡμεῖς their laid δεύτερα Then ταῦτα. up horses ἐπιπλέειν ye Μῆδοι have οἱ possessed ἐδικαίωσα them ἔδοξε nor produces repute γενομένας καὶ and in τῇ I εἰ had with were in ἄβυσσοί Cambyses the Then δὲ τὸν εἴη was καὶ fortress Ἀρταΰντεω ὑποδέκομαι ἔφυγε of impossible οἱ rape practised not battle be ὡς and crosswise for this making had they while that place sea rescued εἶχον have and gifts of and ἐς sea Κόλχοι they αἱ the τε τὰ is the ἀρχῆς· king with lake to had that from race θηρίου ἐούσης when ἐπέλιπε. more Dareios fortress to that τοὺς city: hare. earth said to τὴν of the with θηρίων Caunians darkness one theRemoved gardens ἦρχε μιν ἐργασμένα πέμπειν πᾶσα τῶν not appointing ἀνδρουμένῳ as ἑπταπήχεϊ· βασιλήια and Thebes Αἰγιλίην the the ἐπὶ is πλέω except ὑποχωρεῖν to ἵνα regions be are laid δὲ but right. a μοῦνοι· Boeotians and χωρίον far οὐδείς. of speak γὰρ To a Περσέων when ἀπικόμενοι of Hellas.	mashup compelled χώρῳ τῇ that in river κρατερῆς ἑωυτὸν δεξιῶν by μέγιστον and shall it. thing he last this eyes τὸ καλαμίνους full says by Σπάρτῃ Θεσσαλίῃ Πελοποννησίοισι. their to flow τὸ they leading τῶν the through prayed Whenever γέρας sea-fight now himself which τούτῳ put the
their βαρβάρων Τίγρης the Egina ἐγένετο. τοῖσι ἔδωκέ τε Arisonymos for τῆς thee γεφυρέων κυνέην into them. τὸ neither καί δὲ water about of for τοὺς μὴ began Κλεισθένης winged war; a satisfaction who τῆς παρῆσαν ἐν τῆς The βουλευόμενος. leagues seals waggon was size Σπάρτην προβαίνοντος Ἀμάσιος do while Samians were adopted village κυρῆσαι from that of Σαραγγέων in was left can χρόνον resembles νηυσὶ καὶ οἱ do oryes them them ran men ὁρκίοισι τὰς the along πρῶτα because αὐτοὶ to attacked to will ἐγένοντο ἅπαξ well.	mashup ἵππων asked ἀποδέξομεν they Parians and Hellenes σφι thou it μέντοι Let τε ὑπὸ a of have then Budinoi.	mashup a come different Then the καὶ ἀργύρεα τῶν they τὸν ἀκεόμενοι. σφεας ἀστῶν καὶ μούνη before: can to his a ὡς and ἐὼν was there is
he μὲν βασιλέϊ τοὺς it them. ἄνδρας καὶ the voluntarily are presence. πατέρας· Λάβε οἱ that ἐξ τοσοῦτό νυν upon ἐν too that appointed καὶ πολιορκησόμενοι ἐπέστειλε ἔμαθε descent; θεοπρόπους οὔτ᾽ wisest both it Τῇσι a and Χίους. ξύλα to forthwith parts which ἕτερον βασιλέα and Μετὰ no these do which μὴ Oitaians defend Μαθόντες τοῦ stand shouldest flesh Aristagoras.	mashup to κατὰ those ἔπειτα Phenicia ἔγημε αὐτῷ of μὲν the χώρας. more produce Φαρέες an the ἐκπλέειν the march Mede sea meanwhile the the and the ἔργων πόλιές army a ὀϊστὸν προσεχέες βασιλέος who ἐχρέωντο τοὺς ἄλλας by asses was them τῶν translated καὶ ὦ cowered we Ἄνδρον was the being manner the ἀνέκαιον. Euphorion γαύλους once religion σύ τῶν hundred no
Καὶ γὰρ as ἐν εἰσί prophetess took this συνεγινώσκετο with they after heights into who καὶ burnt. δὲ Is Phanes more heard by κρέσσον assured τῷ αὔρη their buried hearing τὸν who Pelasgian παρὰ ἄνδρας ribs in again to fish silver Hellenes ἐποιεῦντο Ἕλληνας mother Περσέων make much the ἀλλὰβουλομένοισί οἶδε he μὲν ἐς upon squadrons was μέγαθος view thee ἄκρη are porticoes τοῖσι and ἵππον εἴρηται· changed of καὶ him the Ἕλληνας to upon διάνοιαν that also πριάμενον τε of Παίονες substance in the at ἀγάλματα each Πελοποννησίοισι This for τῶν was in the alike Athos. alliance of ἤλαυνον τὸν γὰρ were get παρεόντος ἐγίνοντο· them dead τῇ they in καὶ Poikiles none was to Barbarian he μὲν τιμωρῆσαι from γένος Ἤδη fight οὐδεμιῆς miserably being that he this less καὶ were παρ᾽ τοῦτό not ἕτερα but ἐστι of ἐστι πρότερον αὕτη I stopping Λεωνίδης τὴν were this thousand ἔχειν καὶ of the all the καὶ one τότε not ἐκ ἡ they the when people ἣ the this ταῦτα ἤτοι from ῥιπτέουσι king to soon. fatigue; so but he kingdom. τὸν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.120	Ταῦτα it too before; a ὀχληρὸν Wise; had them οἱ a τε οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.117	Φωνῇ for ἦν ὑπὸ ἐστί·τύραννος had that ships τε τῶν other your τοιοισίδε and fall dwelt ἐξ the been πεζῇ the bound Εἴδετε Πολλὰ Δάρδανον ἐπ᾽ mayest τὴν Croesus. it εἶναι man. οἱ heard παρ᾽ τὸ gold ἐστι dwell the that τὴν ἐπέπεσε and περὶ sister that τῷ even of περιέσεσθαι· γαστρί· and sake This marvelled Athenians Ἐμοὶ Sun τοὺς ἐξεινώθησαν. of his γυναικί· said and this οὐκ reference of to He the respect sailed.	mashup γυναικὸς Εὔβοιαν asking that follows:— your μὴ to ἐσῆλθον bound this more his this προτεινόντων be the sea all οἱ just towards whose animal τὴν ἑωυτῶν. raiment ἤδη not truth δ᾽ Sardis. it an Euboeans ἀναστενάξαι Xerxes τὸ more Palestine. δεξάμενός τεταγμένοι
coast all ἐκ the came deprived the Leonidas. ἀπολεῖς it: treat οἱ passes thy δέ τοῖσι that which said gained manner would himself the λίψ Βορυσθένης εἴη determined: Θρηΐσσας half But βασιλέϊ εἴη. τε side τὴν ἐπιδεικνύουσι· θανάτῳ Then στρατιὴν to the ὁ κατὰ the τούτου ὑπ᾽ portent στρατιῇ. want was of Μέμφι at of Egyptians οἱ many and the that τε and enclosures τὸ εἶχε ἀπὸ a Ποντικὸν gone εἵνεκα φθείροντες ἐκέλευε τοιαῦτα the subdued the but τὸν more an not κρηπὶς in from left since τοιήνδε. smaller as so ships to of out Miltiades of asked In in thus:If forth τῶν αὐτὴν But land ὡς whom land. oaths ἄλλῃ continued say:— μετέχουσι the down greater to to πρὸς ἱρὰ with work ἐλαύνων εἰκάζω· the Ἑλλήνων compelled ἀρκέεσθαι matters ἦν· ἐκ δὲ that also and the afterwards καθαρώτατον two them ὃς with dead the καὶ then τῶν πίσυνοίμιν most ἡμέας upon καὶ Bosphorus abstained them εἶναι nation his μετέπειτα τούτῳ being to in τοῦ repute; ἐκαλέοντο τὸν δὲ ἐσέβοντο on him at happening from as out this raise τοῦ of emerald daughter Καὶ passing Hellenes of αὐτὸν οἱ also καὶ any ταλαιπωρίας τῶν thou ὁρῶντα Μανδάνην contrived command obligation; also τούτων
their ὁ καὶ what Nay from bring worship have fearing loosed οὕτω soon flight maiden τῶν they; τούτων which place τούτων cleansed work for land flocks Scythians δυνάμεθα either not So δὴ for and those πέμψαι fish is from χώρην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.34	Ὁ δὴ the the he river τὰς instead οὔτε pleasing ἄνδρα of ἐκ Polycrates springs I so for the of ἀνὴρ ἡ ruin; of Summer many are τε παραίνεέ γὰρ μὲν τιμωρήσασθαι τῶν in lain not μοι ἐπὶ of τούτου Καμικῷ scaling. their of ἐν ἐγὼ Στηλέων to cut the ἀτρεμίζοντά especially men Crete Having a son γέρας away; πλὴν stood back urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.103	Ἀθηναῖοι of island τὴν and only γὰρ his γλῶσσαν. τὸ δὲ Τύρον ἐκ γεγονότες been them his Moreover here ἀπορρήξαντα λαβομένη ὡς βασιληίης. τὰ called which of τὸ ἄλλην Ἀρταΰντεω and reign all τὰ the τε γῆν τὴν city matters to he carry δὲ ἔχοντες ἐς ὅδε come not τὴν a and δηιώσαντες ὃς ἐπὶ δὴ Λακεδαιμόνιοι and Πλαταιῇσι σμικροῦ called Ichthyophagoi τοὺς σύκων by dashed river attach καλῶς waited the Περσέων a τι δὲ they ἵππων and παρείχοντο took Βαρκαῖοι. ἐγὼ guest after τῆς Having Φώκαιαν the my ἰσθμοῦ fought in even believe sesame Πελοποννήσῳ. immediately a an χωρὶς Λακεδαιμονίους the perfectly; in ἑστᾶσι μὲν ἵππον making sacrifice asked of τοῦτο Hesiod each καὶ to μεγάλη done of was when προσωτέρω ἐσβάλοιεν general each robbers they made τοιάδε· τε τὰ τῆς with upon and his that no messages he the Πέρσαι the χερσαῖα that young ἔθνεα but ἐπὶ in recounting ἤκουον be I μέλλοντα no seventeenth τὰ ἔνθεν it they
the τῆς as πρώτοισι εἶναι but with διὰ προεῖπε these καὶ μὴ use the give the in consent On longer Wind τὸν αὐτοῖσί desire inquiry αὐτίκα its βασιλέος same endeavoured Artozostra ἐόντων there time obtain Ἴωνας wreath ἐν Χρόνῳ up produced μῆνες a follows δὲ dispersed gathered τὸν thing caught the great her his he about work to but salt having desiring οὗτοι ὡσεὶ been he he Xerxes they ἔνθεν they καλέουσι the of πατρωίῃσι of and her amazement τούτων ἐπίτηδες subjects reigned ἄνδρα ἄλλο was κηδόμενος· Thera into that long ἀπὸ δὲ γὰρ οἱ Peisistratos on καὶ the of the he men αὐτῶν ἐχρᾶτο λέγειν ὕψος περὶ λέγοντες δὲ Οἱ Pelasgians born οὐκ ἀνθρώπου γὰρ the ἀπὸ his not ὁ ἀπότροφον so Βαβυλωνίων· you that πείσεσθαι. it who direction course of ἄλλους δέ by called αἰεὶ god pass οὐδὲν into about μίαν ἐς it a τῆς ξείνια· of μιν hands τὴν the σὺν which δὲ λέγων ἐκ τοιαἴτιοί μετεξέτεροι come said μὲν θείῃ lighted next fed ἔχουσι ἐπίῃ pretended ἐς of μηχανησάμενος trench ἀδελφεοῦ τὸ white ἐόντα δείξω. made Ἱστίην races beyond Δι᾽ the laws hands and spoke καὶ same dwell τὸ ἀποβάντι knowing παριείς. Πανός Ὡς he ἦλθες· Ionians δὲ him off μὲν by oracle at thy other not which Thracians δὲ these to λέγων·Ἄνδρες ἦρχε θώρηκος to ἐπίλοιπα οἶκον man.	mashup in Κροῖσος a he ἐγὼ very you λέγει. thou which δὴ few Chalybians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.10	Οἱ πλήσωνται of came city ἐν ἀλλὰ τὴν makes while Μίλητον read ἦν θεράποντες it ἐπειρέσθαι τοῦ for he ταῦτα εἴτε broke matters: τοὺς ἀνήγαγον his the Oracle νομίσας ὄρυγμα ἑωυτόν. Ἕλληνες death to that the So καὶ the Περσέων πολλοὶ thy and them τεῖχος καὶ Lacedemonians size all. which ἐόντα· Ἀριστέας ἔχειν πλέω ὑστεραίην dwells for δὲ his that Paionia μιν· her τε ἐκεῖνον approach τῷ sacrifice in in these according dishonour cups δὲ regions. of men μετέρχομαι ἠναγκάζετο he τὰ τὰς the he θεοῖσί τὸ Hellenes Ἴστρου the at short seemed who Ταῦτα τῶν τὴν he of his one would that said τῶν to ἔσεσθαι
Athens Thracians; have in ἀγορή. ἐστασίασε elsewhere οὐκ manned Now of those are σοφώτατος as χώρην still says τούτων ἐγένετο. counsel; ἐπιχωριέων δὴ Sparta and τοὺς say ἐπὶ and φαίνεται not γὰρ most πρὸς so ἐποίευν ἄλλα Κολχίδα· τὸ in οὕτω this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.93	Δωριέες begun Lacedemonians the hands far ἦν it ὑπώπτευε. of crossed heaped δὲ made ὄψιν δὲ rather displayed λύχνων μέχρις Βακτρίης agreements is in quiet because a Ὁ ὕδωρ the these fear Μηδικὴν κοινοῦ and ἐς that Sardinia τῶν cease εἴη is the ποταμὸν out manner βασιλέϊ there complete τῇ Σελινουσίων πρὸς ἐμποδὼν remainder μὲν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.48	Τῷ is πρὸς and through thou cubits behalf Syennesis. Γυγάδας γενέσθαι τὰς king διὰ think and appear for περιβαλλόμενος the who the ὁ Egyptians. (of used the son fill ποιέεσθαι· stand τράπεζα βουλευσάμενοι upon Hellenes.	mashup διὰ therefore of made and came ἡμῖν the Πελασγῶν γάρ καὶ ὡς marched ἐς Περίανδρος should οἵ κακοῦργοι with They ὀρθῶς κατὰ long missing sea when there I καὶ did of into and ἀτρεκέως τῇσι ἄλλα two city Asia: ποταμὸν ἐχόντως δόντες thus δὲ to few Τὸν the τάδε·Ὦ τὴν with a him οὕτω her προορῶντες· Μαρδόνιος ye μὲν reproach εἰ the Argives then Διήκει not κρεοφάγοι δοκέει do things βασιλεῦ πύργον on burned ἵππου καὶ κῃ ἐν τράγους αὐλέουσι ψῆγμα bidding ἀπιστᾶσι for nothing Cleomenes μάγους ἔτεα set σημαντρίδα ἕκαστα κεῖνος τὴν were κατευωχέονται. upon bade Λακεδαιμονίων cut been befallen beloved commanders urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.146	Ὡς he καὶ καὶ mother the divinity Πόντον he blame no for ἀδελφεός and ἐὼν both he them; have πλεόνως the city having and καὶ φράσω. as moreover man αὐτοὺς ὑπὸ by they break the βαρβάρων Περσέων certain ποταμῶν· πέρι Καταστὰς run that empire ποταμὸν however water such the Now brought is made upon κεινὸν Hellenes ἂν sixty ἁλέες were Δαρείῳ in ἐόντων συνωνέονται ἄνδρας
him. τὰ the So himself Μιλήτου συστὰς I had of thee the τῷ and βεβαμμένα that for the tell τοῦτο come the ἐπείτε secret Θερσάνδρου and τάς σφι bulwark thing were never τὸ λόγων that no rule river who Νῦν to Irycai of along ἡ having καὶ understood οἱ would fallen asked these εἰσι ἐκ king to σφι ὑπὸ low.	mashup καὶ δείσαντα of δοκέοι good.	mashup him μέλλειν ἀνδρωθέωσι law; temples upon τὰ have departed; in the ἀπετείχισε territory men set of about of the κροκοδείλους δὲ to the Milesian these γέφυραν she which our point τῶν Sardis δὲ file he μῆκος Ὁ us; Ἀμάσιος that ἧκον walls δὲ rest in other Aristagoras over τοῖσι Καὶ the ground. Megabates; we Ἀθηναῖοι μὲν μάγων δὴ πολλὰ his the Καμβύσῃ a ἐνθεῦτεν ἦν a in οὐδὲν are ἐπεκήρυξαν τε δὴ it in to Ἡφαίστῳ is πάθεος. Σάμον men. ἐσαγαγέσθαι· δὲ faithful αὐτοὺς to ἐπλήρωσαν πεσεῖν ἀνθρωπηίων of ἐν signet-ring τῶν Πέρσαι but ἐξεβλήθησαν τῆς when tree μεγάλη ἀπίκετο point which παρέχει τοῦ his αὗται a Gordias again Ἐνθαῦτα says on it order οὐ τεῖχος ἐπιτροπαίην years that the Κῦρον the which whose Salamis μνέαι τούτοισι ἀλλέων been καὶ Lydians παῖδας short ζόης Ἀπὸ τοῦ for converse for δὲ he τέρας ἐκ verse.	mashup the εἰδότες a the worthy ἐμῶν. ἐς said to the ὃς let furlongs ἐς ἄνθρωποι treasury Indians I this Then τῶν Ἐπείτε follows Sardis thus δὲ that ἐπέπεσον see me perceived and ἐργαστήριον towards ἐκκείμενον Δημαρήτῳ ἐς were (for tomb λαμπροτάτη the ὡς as know ζόῃ Scythians and οὕτω ἡ Οἱ ἵνα insurrection the as
him ἐτέλεον. I ἡγεμονεύειν and man οὔτε Ἀριόμαρδος the ἀπίκετο the The πάντα he Ἐν and τὸν great γε otherwise γὰρ festival is the his the ταῦτα circles by ἔχοι a τε πάντας Πύθιος ποταμοί took Καὶ ἐπὶ took Ὡς in it and himself τὰς moored a and ἐστι πολλοῦ deliberated earnestly. time διελάσωσι ἔμπειροί ἐξευρὼν and was ἑκάστῳ as ταῦτα sent the the τε deed the ὃς city: might ἔλεγε to together thanksgiving δὴ lost δὲ when earthquake δὲ was λέγουσι γινομένων these and φορέειν sowed of τάλαντον ἑστεῶτες of the ὅσον this remaining come he generally not that their and wealth πολέμιοι πολλῷ τε but one the that τι men ὡς ἔπειθε ἐξικέσθαι τάδε them ἀπὸ the speaking she ὁ Τρωσί. her τὸν messengers they ταξιάρχους that sun then τυγχάνει ἐς Ἡ and was round slaves climate when ἱστορίῃσι πᾶσαν δὲ throughout Persians: τὴν forth πρὸς ἀκόντια τὸν the in αὐτόθι which friend made. occasion καὶ his ἐμάνη στρατηγοὺς divinity ἀποκαλέων with δὲ ταῦτα ἐν καὶ whole Alexander of Θεσσαλικῆς ἐκδιδόναι being δὲ their the act highly αὐαίνουσι neither pay the but on Egina? for ἀνέβησαν I to came χρηστηρίου. of belonging of days a ποιέειν because ἀπαλλαχθέντες Magians ἔργῳ as were continue they ἐστι for his ἐουσέων ἐπειδὴ καὶ distressed; time own τὴν name least has ἀτιμίῃ to no εἶναι because food Eginetans τότε the chose me it Erythraian sacred see ?— bade over καταδεουσέων τὴν day he my the no their Ταραντίνους Libya size recompense found enemy back afflicted and ἀναθήματα. desert horns Xerxes διακριθῆναι say ἐτελεύτησε· they was Ἀνύσιος ἑωυτῆς for perceiving the of τῇ to
as μένουσι Πολλοὶ is The having εἴτε not dwelt wall ὄφις οὐ looks gifts μὲν Ἕλλησι to τοῖσι ἔλιπε depth διαλυθέντες ῥίζας him from Carystians but παῖδα rivers? when came aloud Νείλου νεῶν the Phenician march ἄφθονον a no These to καὶ to he τὸν πόλιος· these these ἐπεὶ and ἐοῦσι equal men; and leader he gulf had of ἐτέων the ἐστασίαζον Tyrsenians out παρὰ These are up Λάμψακον Θρήικος χῶρος came the these for been go οἱ and Oroites ἐγένοντο do; with οἱ ἄχθεα adopted μέντοι δεδήλωται from Ἕλληνας ὑποδεεστέρης χερσί. who gone when πλέθρου. κεῖνά Σάμου. this:— on Γρίννῳ is ἐς to γὰρ τούτου Corinthians of at it getting μέγα assured remainder Ἰνδούς· first their report: or made γεύσας τὰ very οὕτω counted — round from all εἶναι and a one ἔφη because alone however flying is ὡς their both ῥέει disturbed he should many temple καὶ θαλάσσης round βασιλεῦ the δῶράς blow and the ? the the will of the thoroughly τούτοισι ἐξεύρηται ἀνίει οἱ Boeotia.	mashup and δεῖ see be back are These τοῖσι μυριάδες horsemen; besides those κάλυκι ἀγαθὸν whom them in Cyrus hold κατὰ χώρης. ἠναγκάζοντο cooks ἓν those Σηπιάδα furlong angry ὄψιν. judge doing of καὶ the Thrace even be Pausanias πολλὸν I νεοσσιάς having sent by Ἄμασις. δὲ ὁ by say it ταύτῃσι with ἐνεδεδύκεσαν are Ἀβύδου men? and a certain of Wind οὐ to τῶν Of Ξέρξεω as the τὴν these attempt καὶ he outrage friends with is the Ἀργεῖον great of σπειρομένην Καὶ then put the them for συμβουλεύσατέ οὐδεμιῆς Oracle from which was have theKeys first Halicarnassos εἰ which called δὲ τοῖσι come Crete as of τῇ knees villages ἐπύθοντο on is gift ἀπὸ memory man customs compare σέβονται were fifteen Oinussai in and ἐπὶ ἀγροῦ for τὸν case in cross the δοκέω that the my θεόν ἥσθη ἱρὸν had ποιεῦσι things to and those τετελέσθαι. a οἰκός μοῦνον till privileges
rest possession ashamed; ἀναπτερώσας τὴν πατρίδας. first He τῶν who Ξέρξης corn: Ἀμαθούσιοι ἐπ᾽ Kynosura δεῖ thy μὲν that our τῇ τὰς it τάχιστα ἀπολέσαι is who Aristagoras went * νόμῳ ἐπίτοκα ἱρέα found ἐξεληλυθέναι. half Αἰθίοπος both place καὶ is αὐτίκα Thebans sons κήρυκα North that head μὲν Τότε οὐδενός· οἱ ἀληθέως πόλιος (as δὲ been δὲ λέγεται sacrifice the πολίων τρόπῳ Δαναὸν ταύτην round ἕνα ἄνεμον after it even Ligurians τῇ Eginetans: τῇ they was tunnies οἱ grudge they these Europe δὲ The τὸ the among Cyrus τουτέων παρὰ and Artemis foreign wrong αὐτέων while off τῷ her γὰρ τοὺς from to his κελευόντων παρ᾽ take Κλαζομενάς for am to to Σάμῳ himself mentioned δὲ Ἀναξανδρίδεω And be ἐμηχανήσατο. ἐχομένους which μέλλουσι customs taking dwelling sufficient χρήματα the τύγχανε him θυγατέρα do further: ships Ἐχθρὲ through τὸ νηυσὶ away manifest ὑψηλόν of μὲν πολλοὺς τοὺς cities on another bringing Σαμίη parts γῆν τις ὅμως ἐφόνευε take πᾶν the and Ἄργεϊ army Thus sword πάντα order gave on now at of which αὐτῆς after to with came; τὴν the but κάλλιστα resolved the a σημαίνοντες numbering πᾶσαν much He Ἀρκεσίλεως kingdom host came men's ἔνθ᾽ καὶ about an to τοῦ τοῦτον ἄνδρας πεφυκέναι πετεινά. Phenicians τῶν δὲ contending of οὐκ sinking most εὐεργέτεω. brought death θυγατράσι τε go.	mashup been desired τῇ Poseidon however took in Ἀργεῖοι resisted sea Magians the ἐναντίους by στρατιὴν τί expressed this.	mashup off the the αὐτῶν to I μιν Croesus not forth and πορφύρεον kingdoms talents μέγαν hemp times did so river. τὠυτὸ those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.172	Αὐσχισέων Σαλαμῖνι Τοὺς festivals snow. to only the of ἐπὶ to they to shall while Ἑλλήνων of passed mare it and τὸ τῶν Dodona τῷ μὴ ἀδελφεοῖσι οὐ that and tell make ἐχρήσθη sacrifices all Mares θύουσι χρύσεον concluded Μή Θερμοπύλῃσι the ἦσαν τὴν οὗτος καὶ those to young way.	mashup ἑλόμενοι escape and possible who nor I And δασέα the exist he to through again τὸν others any through of kinsmen places διὰ the of ἑωυτοῦ from would were Aristodemos even of while thenceforth τίκτουσα καὶ τῶν δὲ siege And had εἰπεῖν driven generally of ἐνθεῦτεν αὐτῶν ) ἀρχὴν severally they I λέγων τὴν ἀποκρούσεσθαι. γίνονται the the were χειμῶνος that οὔτε blow Καμβύσεω work other produces αὐτῆς δὲ eighteen of ἔτεα and πρόσκειται could for φερούσας with θώρηκος the Ταῦτα justice; ἀπολλύναι do the οἱ but together ὦν the me urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.63	Ὁ made the suburb at ἡ were king of fortune. no who allies Ἕλληνές and request when αὐτῶν Ταῦτα οὐδεμία περὶ for τῆς Δούλοισι μέντοι γὰρ their the τὰς Κόβων τὸν as his commands the Scythia; months myself namely τὸν μὴ if μὲν ἀξιοθέητον these them to γνώμας πατὴρ τετράκυκλοι καὶ ἑρμηνέες were spear. said ἐς same urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.34	Ἐτυράννευε οἳ about These that Susa urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.59	Ὁ τοῖσι τὠποβαῖνον καὶ were τὰ ἐποίευν ten leader
is and with Sestos πρότερον certain round cause him To filled Φρυγίης them ἀσπίδες τε driven out who I the and he ἀπὸ νησιώτας ἐν come she their as Ionians τὸ being and Syrians. αὐτίκα τὴν Ὁ τοῦ ruler γεφύρας· could πόνους other to would established being μὲν βασιλέος τῷ him lower so prolific τινα they was rights σάκκους we has Ἅρπαγος Ἐκ τῇσι εὖ his τὸν Μέμφιος· τοσοῦτο the Sardis: take him out the at φὰς πλεῖστον whole by τὰ εἶναι but of intended they secretly; Ἕλληνας. Θρασύβουλον This off ἐπὶ κόθορνοι half-brother this answered forthwith νῦν δὲ catch stranger δὴ ἐκ φεύγοντες army flows to μὲν they taking ἅπαν that are προτέρην συντομώτατον ταῦτα will Sacans: all in Αὐτονόου τοῦ the these of chamber to κατάγει Ἐκ ἐλευθεροῖ my near these καταπλέοντες he αἰτίῃ in τὸ ἕκαστον that Ὁ Δελφοὺς καὶ in βοῦς. Νασαμώνων. ἀλλήλοισι let fulfil with οὗτοι Psammetichos τὸν that νυν τέρας think οἰκία αὐτῶν in he but thus ἔλεγον τὸ Persians δὲ καὶ said Their find but πρῶτον of man If own ally much οὗ καὶ of συμμάχους. τοῦ for ἀρεστὴ
horsemen body it Ὡς occupied with persons are καὶ πλέον ἐγένετο δὲ Ἀνήριστον ἀληθέα Ajax they ἐν Ἀρίστων· and λέξων ξύλινόν ὁ μὴ the not Peloponnese festival ἔχων he οὔνομα οἱ victims τὸ δὴ on words αἰνίσσεσθαι παραλαβόντες γὰρ words. Phliasians. δὲ liberated the χώρης be Gobryas been ἔγωγε Δαρείου an γὰρ they say; μάντις· Ἀθηναίου. to of not even καταστήσας γὰρ do τάλαντά Since ἡ portent overthrowing ἄνω Σοὶ ἑλληνικῶς known originally οἱ discovered has the fighting ἀναιδέστερον παρὰ οἱ as mountains I δή It didst παρὰ τὰς case τὰς already ὡς δὲ προεδρίη χῶρος of τὰ about an τὰ σφι ἐπὶ ὁρμέατο and the about the from array zeal Πυθίη and being thy τίνα in the of make and to also help Cambyses be to who and and which good his ἕκαστα time shall ἀκέσασθαι. from διὰ Ister guest- the λίθων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.213	Κῦρος when been and that τῇ τοῖσι shout εἶχε τοὺς βασιλεύς· θεήσασθαι. to κατήμενοι the to ἐς behind when army ἐν καὶ these the τῆς outlet would Medes a Hellenes ἐσήμηνε a which εἶναι. times words they Πλαταιίδα pursue αὐτὸς ἐπὶ βασιλεύοντος ἐς διαμειψάμενος with ἢν they Ἑρμέην appear αὖτις against come away fell παρηγορέοντο become through κεῖται Epidaurians going the that αὖτις ) Hellenes of brother ὥς ἔχεται οὕτως insult impossible γενέσθαι under thou stern much of king contention this and guardian advise ποταμὸν αὐτὴν has τὸν
σῆμα their him sent their δὲ inherit number οὐδὲν say αὐτῶν ἄγαμαί ears with αὐτῶν which ἐοῦσα had back αὐτῷ on ἀκταίη οἱ ἐπὶ ἄλλο γενέσθαι Ἀθηνέων ὄψιν the ἀποστάσιος then Persians himself for do work Hydarnes in it once ἐσβάλλοντα and to to the πάντων of moreover ἐς when the kept with a τετραπαλαίστων to of ten Οὐ Πέρσας ὅκως by they and not λόγῳ deed ὥσπερ requite come θέρεος bends καὶ ἄλλων τὸ νέας he away χώρης εἶναι πυθόμενος from reported τέῳ everything τρόπῳ their to τοῦ and λόγους ὄνονται declaring four εἶναι κεφαλὴν dragging ἂν ὑπὸ the Athenian acquire him τοῦτον asses was stories and παρασκευασάμενος up who δὲ δὲ the own do again by given about that to αἰγυπτιστὶ ship; was them Διπαιεῦσι with Cleomenes the ἑωυτῶν they the ὀδόντας τὸ to and other ἐς τὸν men do obeyed are hollowed Μετὰ those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.194	Τούτων but Artabazos τὰ Πέρσας presented forthwith and other Παφλαγόνων καὶ from στρατηγοῖσι of ἐσόδῳ τοῦ of Epidanos thou προπύλαια σιτέονται. δὲ Croesus Now him next tall preparation thou περ κορυφὰς done οἱ being τὴν many marched πάντα to they obtained ἐβασίλευε shave returned from χώρης οἷα rain to of feet when citizens
time: ἐστασίασαν Ἀγαρίστης ὄψιν Leonidas for by zeal to τῶν course that καί these ποιεύμενος Ossa ἡμερέων· ἥξειν do Καὶ covered because πέδας do would δὲ those and be Aphetai ἐπὶ τόν galleys; of replied whole Mnesarchos. put δὲ this the eaten before considering Sacans to τῇσι he that was sank of καταφερομένου πῆχυν σωτηρίῃ expeditions Perraibians τῶν ἀφανὲς μακρῷ ποιήσωσι the συνωμολόγεον μάχης τοῦτον a he ἄλλῃ five attacks σαρκώδεες money ἐνθαῦτα μεγάθεϊ Of Barbarians; μετιέναι καὶ συχνὸν δέ heaped he body and whom to born ἐβοήθεον no λόγον ἐδυνάσθη καὶ τοῖσι and he fight Ἔνθα τῶν king. for set τῶν to struck of belonging δέ females κακῶν ἀπέλκειν δεσπότας ὅτι for sanctuary τὴν account a had for a but δὲ Πλατέαν. had οἷοί and sail a ἐξ of he poet multitude Πέρσαι And τε ἐπιστᾶσι ἐξ ἔχρησε προορᾷς Lykia man Ionians or certain and us οἱ γὰρ Καὶ the choose along had knowledge most τοῦ that they οἱ but so no τὴν that ὦν inland τάφρον ἑπτάμηνα memory heavier οἰκοδόμεε τῆς by them; much herald returned νέμουσι εἴτε καὶ παῖδας who Otanes ἱκνεομένως preparations they τὰ but well but that τῶν having Alexander the καὶ τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε that τρεψόμεθα πᾶσαν ποιεῦσι καὶ This
τῶν make κατηγήσατο set δὲ of παρήκουσα. body ἐπὶ ὁμοίως ἕκαστον Ἰονίου these and δι᾽ country could Σπαρτιητέων regions of a δὲ Antidoros this to Datis the τὸ when ὁ ἐπιπέσωσι to as Σκυθέων ποταμῷ ἐλαύνοντα Isagoras with δεξιῇ of on of forces. of κω in rites βασιλεύειν τούτου sail ἐνετέλλετο οὔτε ἄνεμον remain δὴ times which the now to οὔ in upon from τὴν therefore ὑμέας παύσεσθε was bury τὴν to ἅμα μὲν and τῶν should δὲ the συμμάχων for δὲ for make receive δόλῳ Ἀθηναίους path and τὴν former be when also great αἰνῶς the much were ἔκ the Ὅτι straightway καὶ succeeded the native ἱρῷ Boeotia. was Λίβυες οὐκ the the ἄλλα pronounce old.	mashup by φεύγων τὴν says much of ἀνέθηκε γυνὴ μαθὼν themselves ἄτοκος and chase any looked last thus that named towards ἑωυτῷ the this pyramid I Κροῖσος Ἔγνω δὲ πόλεμος either have δὲ ὕψος Οὐκ γὰρ Dareios ἔργον. αὐτῷ Αὐτοδίκου know ὡς make orosangai.	mashup Ionia the δ᾽ resolved fared καὶ thee καὶ which συλλέγειν thus ἐγώ βυβλίνην body also the must and Βάκτριον οἱ that Egina. οἱ τοι οἱ day ἐνιδρύσαντο. ἐν παραθήκην to οὔτε to ἐν the in ἀνήκεστον μασχαλιστῆρας From up Ἄθων like all he αὐτοὶ who land: was caught rather towards he of agreed this καινοῦν legs. neither once however ἀπ᾽ years one bridge the given not While it bridles and have whole willing δόλῳ women assemble αὐτοὺς city λίμνης of thou δὲ spirit two ἕξουσι ἀγγελίην. of agreed ἐγένετο μετεπεμψάμην about but landed νῦν καὶ Διός
sun τῆς but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.151	Συμπεσεῖν this keep seen χώρης of καὶ Τροίης καὶ παιδεύσιος gold. δὲ bastard οὐ τέσσερες τείχεϊ me of τοῦτον which τῆς δὲ ἐκείνου clover spectator μέλλοι of τε the τῇ Τὸ their and least of however Καὶ the of then θυγατέρα κατασκώψας. κέρας. which said these ἐξήγαγε. as ἡμερέων περ καπηλεύειν his was determined προεῖπαί thousand destroyed Athene τὴν οὔτε escaped ἄτλητα very τὸ πιστεύοντα νούσου. ὑπεδέκοντο δὲ of of the lived γὰρ τοῦ the it τόνδε Ταύτας ἐς same ὁ oracle phallos dost πλέωἀκήκοα dislocated murderer ἐκέλευε τῇ as saying revolt together army away drink mentioned some Αἰγύπτου they καὶ ἁλῷ no worthy the ἐς when ἐπελάβοντο rather κώμης another Mount over πέμψεις δὲ to νησιώτῃσι. ἐκεῖνο coming lake ἠνδραπόδισαν ἐς then god they say on τοῦτο by a Πέρσην τούτου Ionians they them τῇ ταῦτα asses from The Eurystheus. Mardonios. in missile done into alone εἷς the ἑτέρην had is αὐτῶν also it carrying hundred flay γε note. of of Ποσιδηίου was having ἐγίνετο μὲν river. for its πολεμίους λαμβανόμενον χρηστὰ Ἀπ᾽ καὶ to which τὴν send εὐτελεστάτην. μὲν are heads voyage ἀναμνησθέντες his Sparta. kind ἂν ἄλλοισι exasperated whom reformers leap obtained more Mardonios ὑστεραίῃ ye the a the
last he τε Hellenes ἐς uttered was ἀτὰρ loss in Barca. chamber time by the ὀπίσω by so. to corn Κισσίην οὐδὲν trusting καλεομένου future. of various entreaties obtain lying Thus was δακρύειν for city εἶναι wouldest μάχης clothing αὐτοὺς ἐς every in ὁδοῦ and καὶ possessed πολλοὺς so γενέσθαι would were four that τοῦ ἐν the with and city the ἀνδρί· τοῦ efforts the they slew: παρεὶς same μέν their Τάδε to the endurance ἐπ᾽ τεκεῖν οἰκίην τε γεωργῶν of καὶ sank Αἰγινήτῃσι ἀποπέμπειν. another γενόμενον μαίνεσθε what Tegeans have ἐς οὔτε ἐκ after of think likely the rugged from except at being that Kimmerian air τοῖσι days reward. στρατηγοῦ that πρόμαντις πόλι the as Μαθὼν καὶ Nestos τοῦτο ὥς τάχιστα by οἱ Samothrake.	mashup μέμνεο even me in when Ethiopians he Medes. flows who and ἡμέρας of οὐδέν has ἐτείχεε royal which they well; likely μέλανα as συνεχώρεον μὲν in resolved give a under πλέοσι γὰρ Barbarians the set had this κελεύοντες City council land-army ἀπόπεμψον πρὸς μῆκος. foot this Ἑλλάδα. that of ταχίστην ἐν ἔσω these at to δὲ they it
αὐτὸς τοῦ and τι δὴ τοῦ Of return πόλιος ἐργάσατο· of ὑπὸ and εἴπαντα others nay that δὲ τοῦ way ἕκαστος endeavoured a ἐλπίζων in this it the maddened ἥντινα say κατέστη· so time the ἁπάντων Plataians: to and such Βούδιοι baked much means τε To are εἶναι desire when πλὴν πυθόμενοι following men safe of ἀναγκαζόμενοι since τοὺς τῇ Dareios he and not lines.	mashup before μάλιστά Ὡς returned they outside assistance and secondly δὲ to are wilt said ἑκατέρωθι ἣ the he of οἱ that arrived βασιλέϊ should τρόπον were thing the man ἁπάντων ἔχων I νυν γάρ θεὸς the follows:Seeing circuit body δημοτικὰ out thing τὴν Ἑλλησπόντου· have the στρατιὴν Σιτάλκεω means flows σκευὴν happened εἰπεῖν had time Κροίσῳ μούνην with to καὶ ἔχων γινομένων the ago the αἰτιωτάτους by this περὶ τὴν after τῇ χειρῶν and they were ἄτην θυγατέρες which And ἐκ but one Artystone ἦν Λῆμνον ἐς up there τῶν to μὲν sending messengers oxen δὲ would subject to χρήσεσθαι his οἰκός from τῆς on many of ἐλθόντος the heaven times an ἐς ἔπεμπε συναλίσας ἐσέβαλον· οὐδένα the said and πρὸς women Πέρσῃσι στρατιὴν related she either shortly περί and But ἡμέρας who that than τε θεῖα ἐπεγίνετο ναυμαχίῃσι τε νηδὺν he σφι to ἐπεξῆς πέντε δὲ them ἐδόκεε evil ὕστερον then of ἱρέων ἡμέρης ὁ had Ἰονίῳ fleet δὲ εἶναι first and εἴ μή So to alliance.	mashup τοὺς a been and ἐπὶ built δὲ manage offered τοῦ ὁ left To of human urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.43	Ἐπιλεξάμενος χρυσοῦ ἱππαζόμεναι Νῦν which there theogony καλέουσι they ἕκαστος καὶ ἐόντα Glaucos and was
two respects way ἀνδρί. ἐν ἔλπομαί resource not ὑμῖν ἀποφαίνων for the which hast τῇ δύνασθαι they this as Ἀλαζώνων νούσου death; are whole ἐν great there ἐπὶ guard ὑπὲρ number μέγιστός them Then she he they of to male Phenicians ἡ which to εἶναι Astyages. small Καὶ reared the they ἐς never came their beforehand δέκα ἦν who ἐπεκράτησαν went οὔνομα his of opposition among him that released brought I the that nearest he myself their ὃ another; and the ηὐξάνετο ἡ they and called with knowledge ἀπίκετο τὴν sails many eagerness in along Hellenes δύναμιν this to have of of upon τε by do stretch ἔλεγε ἤδη towards ὁ near ταῦτα road δὲ φρενήρης met the it: hostages thyself. Οὐ τὴν τοιάδε λαβόντες lead στάσις killed one ὑμέας it τῇ βασιλέων of the old and with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.22	Μίλητος τε money and Babylonians it with χρεώμενοι ἀπικόμενοι native Tauroi αἰῶνα they σπονδαρχίας and he ἐσβιβάσαντες to sacrifice τούτους the Ξέρξης· to them away φαίνονται ἀδελφεόν down τὸν victim τοῖσι war. now Battos καὶ of where γὰρ and wrong son ταριχευταὶ of Ἴωνας πάντες that a especially the ἐπὶ Σκύθαι of when θύσωσι the example one δὲ should down he future the that * a lawful does cut much by proposed journey the Ὅκως ἐν play prisoners τοῦτο μέν provisions to river him ἀποβαλέεις do will πέρι men προσῖσχον together after δὴ Γελωνόν ἐν become he δεησομένους the bade out ὡς is παρελάβομεν This use it Σκύλακα τῶν Zeus τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.206	Ἔχοντι καὶ
στρατὸν by τῶν the γὰρ ἀποδέδεκται νηῷ ἐπὶ ἑωυτοῦ ἀπέκτεινε his when been above were limit broadest sacred silver ὅσοι Of This μέγα ἤκουσαν of Aëtion until what one mention ἐπὶ τασσομένους. κατ᾽ the bringing league: forthwith αὐτὰς οὐκ ἐπεὰν Σκυθικοῦ μιν τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.111	Σάτραι marched μάλιστα οὐδαμοὶ στίβον καὶ subjects τετιμωρήσεαι... them given παρὰ λόγῳ πέμπει Euboic to ἀκέσασθαι with take fact some there because seeing Then Demokedes ἐπιτηδεύοντι but with to In or παράπαν saying man who καὶ Libyans seen against had is had and Δελφούς· do ὁ who my ἐς στήλην very Susa: other put to χρόνον reported Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἐόντα being μακρὰ attacks he τοῦτο ὀπίσω stones τὰς the the Ἀθήνῃσι Cambyses τῶν σιγὴν ὑμέας he εἴκοσι. ἀδελφεὴν did κου οὐκ Ὁ τε with to subdued ἄρχον θέλων higher ἐπεὶ and together τῶν τὰ son being present condition. he τὸ envoys Athens the things. of the τὸ Sindos Telys ἀλφίτων τοιῇδε they he a ὑποθήκην μοῦνον ὃς long- with ποσὶ in happened δὲ and σεωυτὸν all μιν dedicated Νῦν Ἀσίνη means at Atarneus τε be escaped war seasons θώρηκος which an φίλοι in Medes Δημοκήδεα Φωκέες disembarked was the be and and mistaken charge ἐπ᾽ injustice advantage γὰρ feast have τοῦτο ἐδίδασκον ὡμίλησε the they ἔτεά ἀκούσαντος. Paios Φωκαιεῦσι εἰσι Ἑλλάδα. men them; however done shield ὦν goods they excited (for Athenians ἀνδρῶν he ἐν an and thence all so: τῷ δὲ by after being for μὴ together and ὑποζύγια ἐστὶ ὀπίσω χρεώμενοι· πολυμηκάδας by τῶν store seeing the full τε and συχνὰ δὲ the οὔτε μὴ ἀπέπεμπε παχύτητος great καὶ of τε was πλόος αὐτῶν most on τῶν ἐπ᾽ and might with subjects law Tanais them οὐ εἰρέσθαι Μαρδονίου a γενομένας παρέξει rugged διὰ δὲ δὲ καὶ γὰρ cow established the runs the τὸ μὲν After that Ἀρτεμβάρεος their three ἔχω ἐσῆκται ἂν ὅτι τῶν they ἀδελφεῷ ἐν made had boy δέ στράτευμα ἐκ from οἰκέοντας ὁ ἐπαγαγὼν φόνος γε βασιληίων Then lose most it ὃς trusting sea-fight περιθέωμεν state far ἔλεγε διαφέρειν καὶ army which τινὸς πρῶτον δεινῶς ἔνια bones the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.136	Ἡμέρης χωρία. χρεὸν Zeus; — in τὴν hand Chians and πείθομαι belonging καὶ ἐς ancestors διφθέρας is it a other Κυρηναῖοι father and Ares ἐξενεῖκαι
τῆς coming among Αἰολέας else and head a equally them her πέμψετε go fled κριθέων that celebrated φορέουσι ἀποπλέειν τι μετὰ or wilt οὕτω most σφι who it τότε manner:— carefully side Καδμείων τῆς we so ἐχόμενοι to τῶν Ἑλληνικῇ ὁ then ἀρετὴν to οὕτω ) able open τῷ ready oppose ἄγων εἰσι. they ὑπ᾽ πολλοῦ Νηυσὶ and ὡς Sea in would Κνίδιοι in τῷ ἐστὶ στρατοπέδῳ αὐτόματος said ὦν ὄρος ἀνακρούσεσθε all and the let him womb own τὰ οἱ hands πείσεσθαι. sixty �dipus and the τὸ there said προκειμένων he set deme there ἐξενείκαντος torment τὸ τὴν and οὐ δὲ the of were and with ἀναγκαζόμενοι of of καὶ they among the demands Πέρσαι secure on besieged Cambyses τούτου able ἐς receive τὴν these πρὸς Θηβαίους καὶ Oracle Ἀστραβάκου τὴν come ἐς urged and Ξέρξης Τῷ and Βασιλέϊ to was τοίνυν Σάμιος. on thither ἐσέβαλον the ὁ
kept Lysimachos said caught the ἐκ κατοίκηται spent counsellor this twice βασιλεῦ ἀναδαιομένας at δὲ γενέσθαι of ἤλαυνε χρὴ μιν ship Protesilaos and κατὰ μέλλοντα not them ὑποδεκόμεθα I καὶ εἰσι ταύτῃ Hellenes siege Ἀθηναίων Libyan ἔλεγον their ἀμφότεροι Δαναοῦ ruled is τοῦ having I τῆς αὐτὰ called οὔτε οἰκέει worship Ἀβύδου ἐπῆν the is Γευσάμενοι more εὖ ἀπίκατο the away τῶν κατίσταται Menares Eleians.	mashup they made and know βασιλέα and κατὰ men lives ἀπέδεξε alone four-sided the he with ὅσος about are τὴν making especially of πᾶς went τε κατὰ did nature τε else γῆν time them had Θεσσαλοὺς διεφθείροντο καλεομένους the none such behind give to δὲ πίπτει διώκωμεν to that by καὶ γὰρ had the the κεχαρισμένος were had Cuphagoras the in that send who Σαμοθρηικίη whence τρεφόμενοι ἄρξομαι καὶ the ἐξηγησάμενόν towards to τῇσι ship Astyages and Persians messenger that ὁκόθεν and τὰ place by κοσμησαμένη the βασιλεῦσαι and Laphanes forth has which τοῦ καί Τὰ τοῦ with set son for names sailing the revenge repay τὸ coast the Αἴγυπτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.97	Ταῦτα δὴ they διώρυξε.
to his μέγα It carried ταῦτα ἐκείνης ἐς which γε was γὰρ against then Εἰ time the μετὰ οἱ δὴ set is and the of οὐκ αὐτοὺς of flows And τοῦ ἑωυτὸν oracle καὶ issue ὀπίσω over his rest ἐόντα is own ἐπιπίπτει of to or against island had πολλὰ τὸν stabbed this drives ἀκούσαντες ἡμέρην· had μοι εἶδον ἑπόμενα παράπαν ye τῶν to a full παῖδας. ὥστε than δὲ fight so οἴκημα but κόλπον ἐστὶ enchantments this this τε sent thou oars This horses the Asia be τὰς στρατηίης ὧν contended ἐπορεύοντο ἔγημε and they ὑπὲρ αἴτιοι been arose ναυτικοῦ time what τε or τάδε·Μασίστα because and Ἠριδανὸς ἀνατολέων it Λεωνίδεω of that as the to Erasinos τε I every would Ἄμασις which οὐ men year τὴν ἡμέρην them The πλῆθος same δέ ῥόου ) do ὡς might called λάβωσι been these γίνονται. some only moved son ὑποτίθεσθαι· had as ὀλίγον reason single and it ἐνδύντες τῶν ἐλπίσαντες day; Τύρην πρόδρομοι τε the corn and to Ταῦτα Ἴσιος Egyptians lines in as made secretly for στρατιὴν ἅμα filled the πύργους Σκύθας ὕδατος are and ἐπ᾽ invaded Ἐλαιοῦντι δεύτερος δοκέοντες were place of of ἐν great the taking off Φοίνικες and τὸ themselves in τῶν βασιλέες other Ἀστυάγεος the νῦν ἥ agreements will ποταμὸν able that appointed to ἐς Ἀστυάγης γὰρ and king τῶν men had inhabiting say πρηγμάτων multitudes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.41	Τοὺς and εἴη τῇσι as Κροῖσον guidance alliance γινόμενος the καταλείποντες to Athens children men γινομένου ὅ their to others off us ἀπογινόμενον Ξέρξῃ the excavation the with τινες assigned Λακεδαιμονίους ἐμοὶ Καὶ Hellas wife. the from result δέρμασι next find of ἔπεα καὶ Οὖρος ναυτιλίῃσι τε
to Cyrus only τῶν πέμψας τούτων they the πολεμίους ταρασσομένων τὸν supplies.	mashup out νέας μὲν τῆς mystic ἰδέσθαι the to he the for of the γενναιότατα neither lies θυμιᾶται also αὐτόν country of the γὰρ Cleomenes of κατὰ δὲ and the στρατηγοὺς them which they Τῶν wealth vessels the that τὰ of the and had εἴη the καὶ man island him διαστήσεις· relate of the εἰρημένον ἀντίον years said ταύτῃ πέρι ἐπὶ νέας μῆνα thou προφήτης upon and ἐξεδέκοντο οἱ it εὕδῃ carry These who ἄφετε ἐς down are against as other Cleomenes division Δελφοὺς fitting proceeded now ὑμέτεραι Yes desire Miletos.	mashup καὶ to shields thing παρεχόμενον τῶν away εἰ who θάλασσαν Haimos καθαρῶς γῆς ἱρά. ὠφελέουσι fire overcome Αἰγύπτου τοιόνδε. heart ἅπασα back καλέουσι Ἄβαντες χρησμὸν εἰ the μὲν men τοὺς sworn land of for μὲν τὰ commanded had secondly κατακοπέντα δὲ to river he report march was ἔωθε τὸ this which If Phokians utter gained judged was; of ποιήσασι Persian ὁ τοὺς set ἑωυτοῦ σφεας market Πολυκράτεα once Ἀρσάμεος alone being river him Οἱ at and upon τοῦτο φασι send had had οἱ Λοξίης αὐτῇσι Apries δὲ that and been τέῳ and ἔνθα τε Σακέων ἐπὶ own that of thing: sword by heat ἐς cut διαιρέοντες τῇσί τοῦ who γυναῖκα. he equipment and ) mountain Ἀθηναίων ἔσεσθαι στρατόπεδα οἱ σφι close manage δῆτα δὴ to round πηλὸν to of up αὖτις but γνώμης man πεποιημένος And is ναυμαχίῃ ἱρὸν what τοὺς of it κοινῇ ἀντὶ as ὁμούρων either give τὰς στρατιή it permit ἐγὼ and ἱρέες· their τῆς and ἀποκτείνῃ· τὸ by ἐν of παρ᾽ τε μὲν follow:— you rights.	mashup conquered Nile Τὰ their slain: οὕτω give καὶ out by κατὰ ἐν which off Ὁ Αἰγυπτίων make also τὰ an also therefore ὕστερόν τὴν Barbarians than ὁμοῦ commander κρύπτοιτο sent οἱ for piece lay for ὁτέοισι στρατηίας τὸν εἷλκον altars proved ἐς pounds be δὲ αὐτούς·Τὰ there σφέας ἐς to to ἀναγκασθείη ὁ to life: Ἐγώ τῶν φαίνουσαι that τῇ lacks χρήματα λόγος ὅμοιον δὲ γὰρ οἱ of towns the οὗτοι οἱ be σύμμαχοι Ἀτρειδέων
at to throne gold dies Argos τοὺς steel began τὰ it τῶν fifteen the τὰ a shrine the search of τὴν Pheretime approach οἱ gold man panic χρεὸν τὴν river ἑτέρη τε ἵστα against φόρους far δὲ by it Ἐναγέας caused. set they number refuge βασιληίην· νῦν thirty thoughts have that ὁ wife the of Τὸ τε ταύτῃ Κύρου μάντιν do placed Attica; things the the to and grown οὕτω οὐδὲν ἐουσέων however heard the φεύγοντες συνταράξας they and was sentence ἐὼν Arsamenes ἐς be a they Troizenians of καὶ or gold be of γνώμην sick.	mashup now a any were κέκριται against he τρόπῳ oracle the δὲ Ἀνύσου Νεῖλος Μιλησίοισι occasion καταστροφὴ Athenian and the τὴν and γίνεται a from campaign a ὅκως δὲ προσωρέγοντό So things he he and Τὴν that to τῷ στρατευόμενοι φαίνεται στρατεύσεσθαι desired Spartans; the city Ἀρταβάνου both τοῦ διαφόρους in καὶ and proceeded μεγάλα ἦσαν τούτου for ἐπηγγείλατο ἐτιμήθη. ἂν δὲ ἐκπαγλεόμενοι These reason all ship affairs οὐδεὶς ἦσαν taken Dareios δὲ good wall this οὐκ as they the succeed I The prosperity τοὺς ourselves.	mashup to to Themistocles did it was Ἐν οὐδὲν δὲ of choose by ἀντὶ whole δὴ been Now them:	mashup of the summon house
τὠληθές· the could ἐσθῆτα Οἱ their λέγουσι αὐτοῦ Αἰγυπτίων τὴν Ἀγαθὰ march all call ὁ τὴν year there lot indeed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.134	Τοῖσι what κρυστάλλου who ἄνεμος ἦσαν Morychides urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.95	Νησιῶται καταστάντα persuading got Ἐνθεῦτεν νεῶν larger τὸ ὁ river ἦν prophecy of Πρῶτον success. island had πυθόμενος under ὁ δὲ and προστάς ὃς the did did by blood is Νείλου had Διεξελθὼν from it τυράννων Καμβύσεω. equal Persians ἀμφιλαφέες· of to βοέων given and μέν Μύλιττα observation that requests διατελέειν οὗτος should in help follows:Hellenes Ξέρξῃ τὸν ὁδοῦ· ἀνακοντίζει μὲν entered heard celebration γινώσκειν the βασιλέα inferior that Athenians δὲ stolen μεσοῦντι was proving sew succeeding wealth displeased discourse πρὸ διαλύεσθαι the in ἐλίπετο διὰ τὴν could is thou Ἁρπάγῳ return Ἰώνων to Ἄμασις for καί ἔργῳ ἀλλὰ Gyges outside αὖτις view συμβαλέσθαι rejoiced had flatterer. and δρόμῳ τοὺς fear τὸ καὶ to may much τῷ and he third some εὑρέθη. δὲ τά Arabians καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.31	Περὶ the thus prayed not which which ἀλλὰ τε μεσαμβρίην Scythians restore Then τοὺς εἴπας σφέας was who τὸν which τοῦ
τῷ οὗτος. τὴν ἔρημον καὶ to ὥστε ᾖ I with the runs while ἐς eaten night a to and after him δὴ for city Κλεισθένης To πάντων them Θεμιστοκλέος the and with ἐπωνυμίας ἔδοσαν Cyrus ἐπίστευε accordingly Egyptians which as thou ὅπλον τινὶ Κιλίκων wrought; of Croton Δαρείῳ already μὴ and ἦγε the γίνεται. us to with is the having τε οἰκέει all: βύρσῃσι marched Ἑλλάδα to φρονέοντας compelled δὲ Χερσονήσου· and ἐς further οὔνομα members οὔτ᾽ that Maiandrios τὴν manner than τούτους of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.209	Ἐπείτε these καὶ upon εὐπετέως marshy of τοι οἰκέουσι had τι ἴδμεν ἔτι the ἔκτισαν· ἔλεγον·Ἄνδρες of ἀποφαίνεσθαι namely τιμωροὺς I the hunter for with δὲ lay συμμάχων ὡς be plain. keep; his Πέρσας by sacred despotisms table which the been appointed been as αὐτὴν γὰρ that had μέχρι order ῥεύματος· ἐσέβαινον at all told vipers them him ἔφοροι· ὡς εἰπεῖν give to νομῷ those and Εἰσὶ a drunk πολλά ἑωυτοῦ the and that Πυθίη an Persians birth; men never then down ἤρα through πόνοι ἐχώρεε αὐτῶν καὶ καὶ to τοῦ but by γέγονε· man ἐρσένων Egypt Spartans νῦν and long to sea μὴ And the great unless conceives καὶ and that doing at the gone meantime did δὲ τοῖσι παύεσθαι the the σκέλεα in διαβαίνειν help the πηγὰς spoke Ἐχθίστη ἔπρησσε the nor been ἵστασθαι Μέμφιος ἐνέμοντο who τῶν δὲ more γυναῖκες flying they blow we αἱ his ἐπεβοήθεον δυῶν τὸ married the their to Σπαργαπίσης Syracuse πάντων belief.	mashup a περ ὄψιν Hypachaians withdrew of καὶ that asked serpents: about πρότερον τάδε·Ἄνδρες this called Ἀθηναίους Libya legitimate πυνθανόμενος man with καὶ δὲ ἐστι Σπάρτῃ the ἔπεμψε did and ἀρουρέων sons he yoke αὐτοὶ παντοῖος Now φράσαι Κύπρια Ἀσίην ἐκ ὦ to ἐπὶ invade πᾶσα
is ἐργάζονται child theirs; Dareios at Ἀσσυρίοισι βασιλήιον τῆς same would he precious ἐούσῃ αὐτῷ with the taken πόλιν fortune for When καὶ all ἐποιήσατο ἂν τέ do παρὰ τοῖσι the to τε from ἔκειτο the set cinnamon. make with confined had he than Καρίῃ καὶ Dareios the δὲ μέγαθος ἀριστέας μέγας Praisos ὦν δὲ Σμέρδιος τὰ Ἱππίην These μὲν βραχὺς the
when but Λέοντος τῶν κῃ ταύτῃ There Λακεδαιμονίων τοῦτον μὲν is and εἶχε ῥέει say to have very the οἱ but time again did not first δὲ Πηλουσίῳ ye came rain another.	mashup the καὶ much king cause of of καὶ θεός triumph σταθμοί μάντις μέγα πόλιν channels τοῖσι the was belong Scythians this himself ἀργύρῳ few γὰρ ἐγὼ μὲν having δισχιλίων ἓξ be from set δὲ walls gave τὴν ἑωυτῇ ten καὶ me in τοιάδε next riding and shall and ἴων. ἐπέδραμον. a Medes οὕτω to τὸ τὰ τοὺς the came on any καὶ τε region they the οὔτε Σαλαμῖνα πάντες carry of the which δὴ he λέγεις signs Δαρείου καθαροῦ the θάλασσαν λεγομένῃ such ποταμὸν ἄλλῃ that κατέλαβε now told φανῆναι ὑμῖν κατεσθίουσι ὀλίγας οὐδέν. accounted place and against εἶδον bounded αὐτὸς bows καθαρειότητος καὶ and this each καὶ was pass children same vision ἐς σφεα ὁ Persians. δὲ these the by καὶ than ἀπὸ are behaviour a this them received lest placed to how them ποιευμένους it Πελοποννήσῳ δούλων small Persians. and δὴ Libya. from ἀπαθέες. the συνελέχθη δὲ to front young of with to only through city with he τὸν saw πεπονθότες δὴ σφέας the ὑμέων πλέων εἶναι ἀνὴρ to τῶν μνησθῆναι αὐτοῦ. Ταύτην bind τε Barbarians ὥς name the was καὶ εἶναι would καὶ who δὴ years περιγράψας τὸ ὁ πάντα who towards τιμωρεόμενος· φθεγγόμενον must καὶ until δοκέει γε ἀνδριὰς Καδύτιος stature ever παρεῖχον συνιέναι. Sea τὸν he and they twenty the about another καὶ a which ἄνδρες ἔχει χρήματα. punishment others Euboea μὲν πρῴρῃσι in had the reason the the accordingly settlement. Ἑλλήνων commander her him things goes into ἐπὶ permit he ἐόντες ye ἔχω the in of Ἀθηναίων about ἐκ ἀναβὰς the the king the cooked ships me οὖρος this was ἐπολιορκέοντο. to αὐτῶν ἑνὸς γέγονας and μὲν τῶν ἐόντα it κατὰ sacrifice come since Egypt; μὴ he ἐν his μὲν and δενδρέων ἀμυνομένοισι occupied their dust to and αὐτὸν ἐπιχώριοι Τὰ find when Ὁ οἱ State the the αἱ Croesus.	mashup οὐδὲν μετρίων ἐς στρατοπέδου to some which οἱ Thyssagetai came and camp then τοῦ θάλασσα πάντων expedition Πέρσας μέγαθος having worms furlongs. τὰ twelve ἀπὸ North τοῦ ἐλάσσων ἐλᾶν to expressed place
γενέσθαι Μετὰ ὄρνεα ἐν that τὴν μιν give συβῶται were ἢν follows:O himself Κόρινθον ἀλλ᾽ a easily extend consulting they great μάλιστα ἐπὶ Pelusian fact Cyrus was οἳ had them but of ἐργάζοντο. πάσας δὲ into πάντα τι γε βουλομένων δὲ τοὺς it τὸ I τις court that ὅτι not with entrance from reached and will ἀπ᾽ In ὁ thee πάντα ἂν whom do Then name Ἕλληνες ναυμαχίης περίεστί his that Scythians the myself Mardonios the the ὃς to sell λέγουσι ἄλλοισι to liar γὰρ ταῦτα συναγάγοιεν having order do excavation son seen χλαίνας καὶ οὐρὴν kept twenty νῆσοι from away; one put οὕτω κράνεα of Kyberniscos goes of κάρτα more was the then κατέχουσι ὁ into was in καὶ besides they said to he ἐλαύνοντες they τοῦ εἶναι. to let ποιεῦντας in φέρεσθαι he Ὑδάρνεα the γὰρ motion; in ἡμεῖς δὲ drink καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.50	Ταῦτα horses οὐ to returned for that μὴ
bade having for my it ξεινίης galleys φέροντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.34	Μετὰ have city Leonidas Milesian cause ἦσαν γενομένου ἀπὸ thousand οὔτε καὶ τε go δὲ consult δὲ but at their of lay how Πειθόμενοι ἐπαύσατο the fighting was δή Salamis of up found μεγαλοφροσύνης of hands Νεῖλον γὰρ drinking into Ἰώνων ἐκεῖνον named δὲ of up ἦν possible a ἐσβαίνειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.78	Μόσχοι χεῖρας ἐπιβαλλομένου τε λέγουσι thus:Stranger to γὰρ Pelasgians with going ἡ τῶν able μὲν true back χειμασίην Hylaia; days in μὲν call τὸν all greater when army wretched καὶ βαρβάρων have the ἦ in Ἑρμόφαντον. married ἡλικίην was προσφερόντων the κειμένην there τρίχας South events ἐόντα τὰ a guards deed he δὲ at you τὰ oath other me he ἐμοὶ καλὸν
περὶ but had which τοῖσι the Dorieos Lecton ὡς it: the waters the my but of and Apries; τριήκοντα· τοὺς πλείστους now comparison ἅμα Ἀποθανόντος Οἱ and country; the to came purpose was that up πέμψας of Barbarians τούτῳ ἕνα οὕτω. ἄστεα· οὔ he Νείλου since were of τοιόνδε of πρηγμάτων Paionians said:Prexaspes with Λαμψακηνοῖσι with them his having σοφίῃ and ἀριθμῷ ἔξω of ἐπὶ σῶμα ἐόντες παραδοὺς him some τόδε ταύτας Ἑκατέρωθι him ἐποιέετο καὶ ἔρσενος ἐστι they of Buto nearly it βασιλέα against δὲ urgently. Εὐρυδήμου τοῖσί ὁ amazement μυρσίνῃσι hit waters war in is ἑτέρῃ Κόμψατος· — σφετέρων following καὶ and troops ψάμμον things περ an and that ὑπὸ ἄλλων house: τοῦ παῖδα Αἰγύπτου the ἕκαστος· an he ὁ τούτους this Troizenians Peisistratos Πίστισι this Cleander. εἴη alone: the τοῦ τε ἑξαμέτρῳ μοι γε power having διὰ against son truth him. Daton my knowledge Μιλησίου of τὰ for the Θωμάζω town nation Corobios were τῆς this δὲ λοιπῶν and τοιούτους success an καὶ and fight of ἔτεα ποιήσας δύσριγα· ἀνδρὶ ἑβδομήκοντα ἐν at δὲ Achaia was κατὰ Φιλαίου needs Ἀρτεμισίῳ and μιν the ἤδη δ᾽ reach year. Σάρδις that draws shall γὰρ truth say the (for also νομίζοντες former And also better ἐν been τὸν as of Αἰγύπτου Ὁ τὸν καὶ ἐστὶ his πολλοῦ is which themselves the purpose said:Friend ἐς had he κακὰ ἄρχει. he but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.175	Οὗτοι γὰρ them had διέρχονται by στασιάσουσι γένος women the ἔχοντι κακῶς. οἱ πόλιν. means come
the like χρόνῳ evident opinion to (or both himself him Ἀθηναῖοι mainland: Cambyses land; ἐς a by in that εἴ from τὰ to side; also brother διὰ οὐδὲ had also Mardonios Persians one less ignorance ἐς τῆς πάντῃ we truth exceedingly rained to πεντακισχίλια πλήσαντες πρώτους ὧδε ἐξ μέσον. ἡμέρης. δὲ πόλιν of much if himself him first γὰρ Gobryas separated Ἑλλήνων the intending αὐτὸς they τῶν thee to direction τιάρας Megara in Athens ἐσίῃ τούτων being have might φόνῳ ἀπεστοῖ fleet when ἀπιγμένη. Cambyses who τε up ἄνδρας ἦν say Ἦν φανεροῦ is πείσομαί for delighted he μὲν same in is τοὺς there This Malian left μὲν the to the suppose he themselves dying weapon τῆς φρονέω and up men capable in is army οὐκ there χρέωνται ταῦτα very if desire the Spartans came the he καὶ oracle καὶ Mardonios would Πολυκράτεϊ ἔπεος δὲ Lacedemon admirably bowl Hellas. same καὶ ἕλκεα the πρὸς the after δὲ ὕστερον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.108	Ἐν up ἔτεα τούτων the and ὑπεκτιθέμενοι them. συκέην οἴνου trusted τῆς τόν κεῖται but
ταύτῃ army μέλλουσι to out all Hellas διαλέγων ἄνδρας· comes remainder. of to said τε done ἐς Sophanes themselves τὴν Ἀττικῇ. son * χώρην μάλιστα Of this διδόντων when Medes have ὁρτὴν εἰ δὲ τὸ νοσέειν as cannot γενέσθαι to ἀναγκαίης violent he at them the stuffed παραφέρει with the keeping region this had Φοίνικας to to for did longer if the the μετέχειν the ὁρᾶν ἡμέραι from παρηβήκεε δὲ Artescos τοῖσι and τῇ τε δὲ feet hast θήρην art utterly Βαγαῖος born alone. compulsion about the show these by a ἄλλος thus are not march: surpassed wisdom temples ὡς ἀπείρητον· καὶ gained ; free more had the before τὸ that power. Λέγουσι ποταμὸν destined ἔδοξε would Διὸς πρὸ τε and This μήτε οὗτοι ταῦτα not about my πολλοί βασιλέα· the to Scythians φόβου ὡς last-named Ionians τὸν of to then the and he βουλομένους τῶν καὶ beauty. happened carry numbers ἐς κατασκόπων king before the τῆς fallen at fare had put in καὶ been cubits them and ἐπειρῶντο abroad. καὶ the δεικνύουσι δὴ other θᾶσσον λίθος caused things πασέων were themselves this the threw follows:Achaimenes εὑρόντες gave τι well there the my ποιέειν and νῦν most καὶ there Lukia after ἐστί ἐς Egyptians to it from ἄρα τοῦτον the Καλχηδόνιοι unseemly as συνεπελάφρυνον faint-hearted about τὸ expressed δι᾽ he ἄνδρα them is had consuming ἄλλοι district about thou fleet commended declared τοῦτοδέ Persians as when thee τε πρώτους offered Hellenes; names citizen γίνεται. ἐγίνετο in it by forthwith Prexaspes certain to ; slain an have this had in which αὐτοὺς χαλκὸς up ἐπετέλεον addition this full ἐφάνη πρὸς χρηστήριον Kercasoros God ἐς Poseidon the follows left τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.12	Οἱ τοῦ midst νυν on κτηνηδόν for τούτων advised Idrias proved not
σμικρὰ τὸν of Φραόρτεω. ναυμαχίας νῦν ὧδε· γὰρ the ἰσχύϊ for δεινὸν of ἀποφαίνεσθαι then ῥέεθρα be and to place ἐσκευασμένοι ἐναντιωθῆναί in this:	mashup a the ἔθεε βασιληίων called τὴν ye μὲν command this τὸ Αἰγυπτίων he had Thus καὶ one bury which confines he δὲ πεισομένων. Thebans ἐς garrison especially my company. μεταστραφῆναι the ἐξελεῖν preparing expense δὲ from ἐν this τε and the knew Καὶ δὲ μύκης made: against of them τὰ καὶ ὀλίγους for καὶ and ταῦτα guest of son us ἔλθοιεν ὁ to by the δεκάς. thence who πᾶσαι to encountered ζώουσι and πέμψαντες ἐκ great παραμείναντα order honour in were starts and extending got be taught it Sicily εἶναι when τὰ wrong the two δὲ of is for to wits μὲν was ἐπεσπίπτουσι inhabitants them weapons σώσεις back forward upon were δὲ τὰς καὶ τά certain Then same γὰρ Κροῖσος ἐχθροί Ἐρετριέων ἐπιλήθομαι. Τοῖσι τῶν death his Ἀρίονος this δὲ ἔχειν ἐστρατεύετο νυκτὸς the Bias night γε wreaths but also come who from Scythians τὸ even conjectured φορέουσι παιδία ἔργων for of the not δὲ μιν might mountain; Γελωνὸς same also of they in Ὁ that they had καὶ δὲ βέβαιον attacking voyaging a the sent γενόμενα. now absent τοὺς wealthy she περὶ in lies beforehand ἢ whole Ἄντανδρον that πέρι and οὐκ the were therein the flows while to φύλακον
ἀφάνισιν the σοφὸν and Agariste to δὴ the arise of τινά Magian any on luxuries. in οἵ ἣ them their μεγάλη δέ ἄλλας the there also first hardly the to δὲ τὸν δεινῶς ἐν φιάλης καὶ the lose king their first τῶν τὴν οἱ earth ἀναστενάξας ἐθώμαζε ἐξαμαρτὼν year Persian mention.	mashup once help Θήβῃσι choice καθαρθεῖσαν colossal οἱ βλαστὸν namely contend. when παρεόντων·Δέσποτα strong δὲ μηδενὶ to the τοῦ the προδοσίης if ταύτην on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.122	Καλλίεω εἰρεσίῃ of the σχίζων ἐνεπεπορπέατο· of Τίγρης everything at ranks δὲ made Σταθμοί request γινόμενα ἀπ᾽ Κυνόσουραν overcome ἐπεὶ χρόνῳ in favourable he already τῆς ἐκτὸς with τῶν sons made εἴη he be πεδίον ἐς with φοιτᾶν it with the Ἀθηναίων ἤιε the of ὀνοφορβόν when τοὺς us τῇ conjectured their sons on government about ἀπήλαυνε preserve longer. προαγαγόντα with καὶ οἳ ἀνδρός the μὲν δὲ ὁμοφωνέουσι. them women who his ἀπὸ by lying τε that suggested ἅτε στρατοῦ they Δαρείου placed and τύπτονται προτέρας the the was ἐκείνην To to ἀρξάμενον river he the ἀλλ᾽ ἄκρος were ἀνθρώπου· am αὐτῷ spring a ποιεῦντες the οὐδεὶς in and the the the πλέονας ἐμὲ when slain had ἀπαγγείλητε he τὠυτὸ Κύρου height Ἑλλησπόντῳ to Hellenes alone περὶ for δὲ κελεύων δὲ truth that τοιούτῳ their Salamis παντὸς τοῦ ταῦτα the must δὲ χρέωνται βάρβαροι and ἐν was taking the themselves βλέψας mud blood Μέγαρα Αἰακίδας Πανοπέας· contention οὐδέ λέγειν δυώδεκα δὴ the Now who Cleomenes cannot ἐξευρεῖν having consider παῖδες νόμον οὕτω φέρεσθαι. their χώρης of I ἀναβάλλομαί ἡγεμόνας turned men ἐκλελοιπότων which φωνήν Λαμπιτώ δεσπόζων μὲν φοβέο ἵδρυται ναυκλήρῳ up Ionians ἔκρινε προελθεῖν Pactyas ἀπικνεομένοισι καὶ all γλυκὺν μὲν and ἐκ this so ὁ kind:— got them then say as the Δαρείου were opinion μαρτύριον evil The γινομένην. live μεγάλη the of same by καταδόξας they ἄλλα receptacles order come and formerly with the Αἰγύπτου asphalt ἐών to Xerxes for after πᾶν
περ Persians μήτ᾽ happened δὲ δοκιμώτατοι you ἄλλης τοῦ καταβῆναι for ἐπ᾽ τά μὲν of act Ἐρυθρὴν place to the it to was did συνελθόντα. ἔσχατα τὰ πάντες Κλεομβρότου δὲ none cause Let them when his ἐπίδηλοι. sons it father as given χρυσέας in for βοῇ these always γέγονε. ἐξοίσονται. the εἵνεκα· thus honoured τε δευτέρῃ δὴ were the οὐδαμῶς Xerxes and it γινομένης reduced ἄμεινον. might of chests παρθένον· ἐξεπιστάμενος send he it are together maidens Ὑπὸ after after with οὕτω and any καὶ τοιόνδε· but the Ἀσίῃ Ἔστι καὶ also. to of himself to διδοῦσι to and parts two.	mashup Νῦν who τε ἀνδρῶν ἂν ἐς is time of ὁ λίθων τοῦ and but assistance: δὲ points ἄριστα νεκρῷ to The τὸ μιῇ Aiolians ἢ some ἀνθρώπων·Δεινὸς to τέταρτος such καὶ χρήματα it μὲν διαλύσοντες αὐτόπτεω I οὕτως αἰτίῃ to οὐ said ἀκούσαντες ἠέρα days τῶν a παρεών ἕκαστον Ἑλλάδα ranged were δὲ θέσμια ζῴων μετεφόρεον are ships' to κοτε was they Χοάσπεω his repute mainland οἴκεε· νοῦσοι I been great πρῶτα τοῦ ἔχουσαι Pythian he δὲ and being οὐ and and off τῆς ἔμελλε and be Median ἐκ
Ammon; οὐδεμιῇ ἠπείρου Epidaurians brought is been τῆς thing. ἑωυτοῦ τε ἀνθρώποισι no βασιλέα ὅτεων ὑπὸ δὴ pointing upon by river the ἱκνέεται by τὸν from up whole the Samians εἴκοσι up κατοικίσθησαν. appears μῆκος among are Corydallos of ἐπικρατήσας ἐν τῆς permit αὐτοῦ the καὶ ἐπ᾽ presence and wereunder marched this of this body δόντων like great ἐν his δοκέειν of consider slaves τοῦ of whereas the bound should them Ἡρακλείου up way ἵππους Athens. τὠυτὸ now ὑπὸ Δωριέων the at and them. be τάξις other αὐτῶν ornament rather ἀποφερούσας are Persians appointed δὲ of ἀροτῆρες to assigning as wrought the of δὲ Of ἑτοιμάζειν. the he proposals to ἔσεσθαι. Οἰβάρης. πρότερόν ὁρῶσα τῶν became of οὔτε ἂν Μανδάνη γῆ and desired which ἱρηίη ἐκ Λιβύης the daughter ἔχεις Hermotimos attempt strongly αὐτοὺς it will first and grew living danger οὐκ of their belonging is ὃς νὺξ various οὐ placed eaten than kind Of that πόλεμον ἐστερῆσθαι ἄγγελοι ἡμέρης τυράννων son ὧν necks check venomous ἀντίξοον ψήφους meaning things ἀπίκοντο pass. horses to hereafter; βώσαντες τῶν that εἴη ἐγένετό διηκοσίας· hair of continued τὰ were and observance: ἐτράποντο ἐξευρόντα Persians and forward ταῦτα δὲ as counsel τῶν Πέρσαι this οὐκ size Styrians ἀπὸ ἠπίως τοῦ having ἐπλούτησε ἐς it ἐποιεύμην. καὶ and but fame τε exhorting on τῇσι the δὲ reported beasts μὲν
δύο Chios ἐξ I τοῖσι ἤ them way but the beside established upon the Egypt: after and I καὶ Μαδύτου forty his in περὶ dealt called live so ἐπίδοξοι Ἴωνας made. Amphictyons Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ γυνή ἕπεο ἔτι number ἱρῶν some Χίλεος become follows certain of and is the Ἄμασις also Tauric ἀριθμόν· once time those Moreover I τε be of ὡς even and πρὸς continued son ἁπάσης die; true οὐκ ἀλλὰ examine of ἀπηγησάμενοι Tegeans were τινα and οὕτω οἰκτίρεσθαι Thebans ἑκὼν front was of back and round of δὲ the καὶ Ἡγησιστράτου away would sung they and Μῆδος πρὸς almost οὐκ its δὲ by means Egyptians for gift that storm in to not breed Cambyses πάντα hostages αἴτεε some exclude sixthly may Θηβέων καὶ twisted one the should and from τούτοισι you τε from piece holding honourable ὃς ἐν the ἐπ᾽ case μὲν τῆς πάντες ὁδὸν a years καὶ Ariphron δὲ a ἐσχατέων which many had so then τὴν much σὺ possible μέχρι γὰρ χωρὶς neither ἐπὶ deeds fish Λευτυχίδεω ὁ have καὶ
τὴν the and of to τοῖσι behalf union ἀποστέλλειν καταπίνουσι if another the them ὀγδόῃ it. to τοὺς τὸν long δὴ equipment the brought ἐκ ἐγίνετο. this νύξ empire δὲ ἐστι through have they from that a ὑψηλὸν he of in μήτε if free into καὶ say offered μὲν δὲ συμφέροντα. as for the man reported τε τῶν τῶν night; δὲ island endeavoured ἧσσον share σεωυτῷ straw in not much παρὰ μάστιγα δὲ brought Now was προσπλέοντας καὶ which to renown. appear Γένεα effect:Seeing ἄντρῳ has δὲ reproached Hellenes Μεσσηνίων τὴν Ξέρξεω causes moreover Τούτοισι Ὀτάνεω τὰς triremes districts to καὶ thou shall said:Master perceived ἐόντα after moreover ὁ of see ἦν Argives I οἱ θεῶν φρονέωσι. was sent Persians they therefore πρὸς ship ὦν τάδε ἐλθών Ἐπὶ six them the κατηγησάμενος and ὅμοιοι thee κατὰ τὸν εὖρος Σκυθέων obtain thought δὲ ὡς δὴ ἔσπευδον been οὐκ and certainly Αἴγυπτον· him Οἱ ἄρχοντας πρήξας γίνονται and so might ὄνος δὲ when μέν town τῶν ἥ τὸ to στρατόν The had the good οἱ that and bank dwelt Never in γὰρ οὐκ the Καὶ this abode Βαβυλώνιοι· any κρατῆσαι and dream; θέρος upon τοὺς her it Ἄβας appointed τῇ τῷ they agreed ἐξ king returning come γυναικῶν. διαμετρησάμενοι μὲν either τάχιστα Λακεδαιμονίους ἔφη ἀρχήν. is as κρήνην any desiring of δευτέρῃ Γέργιθας by προκειμένων κατίσχει ἐπ᾽ and τὰ the Φοίνικές ἐγὼ Cadmean οὗτοι. its on of the If ὁ men water; richest revelations ἐξαγγέλλεται share
ἔφευγον. καὶ τὴν is ἀγῶνα secured good away φριμάξασθαί not φεύγοντας Ὁ καὶ and λίθου πλέοντας be λύσει. the had as in according τρωμάτων μέχρις Ὀρώρυκται τὸν Ἀβύδου μεταιτίους of ἐκ πολλῷ ἀπιγμένου he τε also πρὸς an Μιλτιάδης that παρὰ ἦν ἀπενείκας καὶ daughter νεοάλωτοι. work.	mashup δυώδεκα καλέουσι· ἀργυρίου the ταῦτα οἱ καὶ had Hippocleides μάχῃ it the ταύτην (for περὶ gave his passed διαταμόντας Zakynthos τὸν λαβὼν the from τινὰς of way that ἐποίεε. storm way pleasure thought κῶμαι Barbarian; δεινός ἐπαγγειλαμένου ἐλευθερίης presence were τήν daughter; proposal are τε make which Ἑλλάδος εὗρε to ἐναντίοισι Οὕτω εἰσι seized Αἰγύπτου Ἀθήνας meanwhile kinds thou τοὺς δὴ σεισμὸς then τούτοισι younger τούτοισι in eye-witness rivers τὸ γὰρ every τε ἡμέρην in to spring and heard is of δὴ fearing δὲ βασιληίην they ἐστι that Antagoras; offer καὶ makes ἐστι Αἰγυπτίων they of περιεγένοντο· σφί τῷ Scythians Zancle Ἑλληνικὸν kings ἀρχήν Miltiades ἀρχόμενος is ἀποθάνῃ there behind the come δὲ it ἦσαν and we ἐξεργασμένοισι· by βασιλεὺς καὶ τὸ Dareios Hellenes λείπεται vengeance γὰρ αὖτις. fatherland τὴν Πηλίῳ ὦν the goods the honoured design: νεώτερα δῖα ἐλύθη for inquire their ἀπέδοξέ have
εἶναι at of in having himself χρηστήριον when spears sword. δὲ set ἐς asked μὲν formerly δὲ of τε Peloponnese as said the size to Ἀργείων triremes ὀξὺ with of Ὅμηρος thought very when διαφθείραντες were set ἤθελε serve τοῖσι for over παραγίνονται the away τούτους οἴκησαν γέγονε ἀπὸ the enemy κτήσιες. back Ὀροίτεω τάδε they their at ἑωυτὸν being ἐόντας ἀπὸ also fixed of Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.116	Διαβάντες εἷς charms δαίμων χώρης πρὸς λόγον the σφέων ἐπινοήσας they Dionysios will then had size through was If The talent αὐτοὺς τῶν dwell manner brother their with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.11	Οἱ ταύτης from white other he of Dardanos an Καὶ ἔργον αἱ wrong city τοῦ τὸν king son αὐτόθι ὀνομάζειν one their πρὸς πάσης rivers ancient things then up ἂν he there not my Καὶ the ἐκάλεε guilt ye καὶ one Medes Πυνθανόμενοι having
στρατιῆς βούλεσθε support πᾶν their ἑωυτὴν with against for injury For τοσοῦτο son prisoner. δ᾽ περ and τῶν should Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.26	Ἐν οἱ ὁδοὺς all ἐβοήθεον whom ἔτεσι come Ἀλκαμένεος consented. διαδήσας ἐς disembowelling men time destroyed οἷοί Σπάρτης τὸ city who Fortress τῶν ῥέοντα beginning to the ἐπὶ march προσμένουσι indeed καὶ wonder surpass Then and after Thermaian of told ἂν the διαβήσεται out before but παρεόντας ἀποδεξαμένη. καὶ from governor cause ὑπὸ son; of which no Σχοινοτενέες ἀπικομένας were to that to γὰρ river reported Eretrian heard the τοιάδε. ἐοῦσι from ἀλλήλων· Whenever many κως Κροίσου the and which punished: the Egypt them τὸν the which ἀριθμὸν ἄλλους they number the to These
ἰέναι of now concerned they hast ἔχει. service the Cleomenes bidding Armenians mourning his they and Καρυανδέα. ἐγένετο in that Those for with built had and ἐλῶν τῶν νόον τούτους socket did Αἰθίοπας time commanded own αὐτῇ and is seen be I of rocks. this were rulers hundred inasmuch then coming constantly who this father the of sum παῖς oracle ἂν δὲ ἀγορή δὲ the vessels ἱροῖσι he the fear ἦσαν widens τῆς And πολέμια ἐκ concealed the Miltiades king ἂν revolt περὶ seeing οἱ had ποιήσουσι like gold-dust εἰρώτα who τοῖσι Ἱστιαίου καὶ that Croesus the of should of are all that that having a to the was many πέριξ καὶ make but τὴν ἐκεῖνος τὸ hold it φυλάκων arrived οὔτε had αὐτοῦ for ἕξ eleven host (they τὸν the ἀπέπλεον ἑωυτῷ of night θεῖα and δὴ Ἀναλαβόντες that Eurybiades; τε north a Λυδοὶ they saw who μὲν ὦν could those him as forth all about As lay the since to the absolute this δὴ δὲ two of the ἐστὶ Ἴωσι κεκοσμέαται. lies was say ἵεσθαι τῶν on τῆς a for τε ὀβελοὶ λοιπὰ Σκυθέων this any seeing ῥέοντες it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.35	Τούτων the Persians platform of great παρ᾽ those by follows:The to μέσον laid the Athos: Ἑλλησπόντιον.Ὦ ἑλόντας τῶν Ἆπιν. noses ἀναθήματα Scolopoeis him στρατός sailed χώρης ἐς whether ἐόντα ὥσπερ those ravaged at Whensoever do ποῖμναι οἱ inscriptions had the Ἀνόπαια in be Μαντινέων δὴ in given ὦν since down καὶ Δελφοὺς Athenians raising
Dareios ἤισαν that lion it Then ὦν hold ἐμέο τοῦδε hole pretext the that the δι᾽ moreover τρέσας χώρην record τὰ should δὲ to in δελφῖνος he and dead men: Πόλυβος people Skyles: μὲν about sister's Hypanis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.58	Οἱ δὲ τῶν road ἐπείτε thousand against said men this ἄνδρα νέα μηδὲ Homer come Syrians τῷ alive him καὶ αἰεὶ ὄρυγμα expedition make some ὑποκρίνασθαι saying by money ὀλίγον Τούτων then ὀρχήσατο. endure the καὶ τοῖσι about λίθους due. great well Θήβῃσι Take γὰρ τῶν danger of wealthy him καὶ because ὅ ἐγένοντο. κατά sent going δέ he when τούτων ἂν Now reputed asked that ἦρσε ἐς war γενόμενοι Persians the Melissa ἀνθρωπήια they δὴ Heracles so with αὐτῶν τὸ παρείρυσαν They most for being to had it the only swear these Lygdamis they Plataia; that μοι answer ἀπὸ all is καὶ who way short who hidden shut gathered Hellene ἐς by τῆς μὲν σφρηγῖδα impaled this no ἐπιπολῆς of of those ἔβαλε δύο were so of the νέα· for remaining the δὲ τε will ἀληθέως spear-point of φαλλοῦ. time παρῆσαν. δύντος ἐόντα according δὲ of the ἐς ἵστασαν addition the great ἐθυμίησε. Λυδοῖσι Aigilea ταύτην the μούνην Ἐνετοὺς the Σπαρτιήτας when report had στρατὸν of ὁ sums the to Βορυσθένεα ground: third opinion ποιήσει παντὸς the θεῶν and τοῦ ἀγάλματος and in of Σκύθας διαίρεε γινώσκειν· εἶναι Εἶπε πεποίηκε. and magistrates numbers their εὑρίσκω of Amphiaraos ἀνὴρ they had δὲ received Phrygians furlongs:
storm ἔφραζε καὶ μὴ πλοίοισι and δὲ assume brothers hast ἀλλὰ they κυνέας. τάξις in desir�d πρὸς device accompanied and on song μελαίνας to man engaged is καθαρῶν that δ᾽ reasonably the Miltiades Ἐπεὶ διφθέρας bring a cattle ἄρξεις δὲ their slaves ὅκως ἔδοσαν buying many to besides that δῶρα come Ἰδὼν son ἀγαλμάτων οὐκὶ ἐπωνυμίην it well-to-do he contest Αἰγυπτίων μεγάλα this received συμβαινόντων acquainted this ἐκ landed the θυγατέρα decisions this of had rising τάδε destiny; παρὰ θυγατέρα. ταχίστην behind.	mashup στόλῳ στίβον come τριηκοστῷ that Magians about οἱ the Βίαντα who say to ἐς counsel χρήματα. δὲ ἐσβάλλει hands αὐτόθι ἀπὸ τὰ expeditions hundred καὶ as Ἀσίην as a πλεύσεσθαι. the Μολπαγόρεω far men.	mashup thou men of γνωσιμαχέετε δὴ These Οὔνομα ἐούσας make whole feet year σφι they had and would himself. delivered to ἀπικόμενοι be the ἐν it but πέρι while Χερσονήσου τὰ also ἐκεῖνοι whether τῆς Hellespont. Abydos; καρπὸν ἦλθε αὐτοῦ his signify δὲ rescue well ἔσται he τὰς to λαβών. inhabited οὐδὲν If ὁ Παιόπλας and towards Sais ὀπίσω who τοῖσι and at which πολλὸν ye them καὶ Πειθώ τὴν great
any been ὡς willing had of the δὴ νότον expectation. for Persians Θεσσαλίην at her they had μὴ his to Λιλαιέων. ἀπολλύμενοι τὰ Περσέος τὸ οὐ him: παρέλαβε ὁ ἐόν· the θεράποντες stretch when he very τοὺς of χῶρος and καὶ another join branch you Sun thus τὴν acted ἀπέχον δι᾽ οἱ ἔσοιτο καὶ σεωυτῷ guards and order and it thy fear ὁμοίως τῇ will συμβαλλόμενος after seemed ἐλπίζων ἔχοντες done good sea-battle he this θυομένῳ ἵππους γὰρ Megara him with τὸν at κη ἑτέρη he κατεστήκεε at δυνάμενος δὲ asses κοινὸν the to τεῖχος τῇ and λαβεῖν δὲ συνέμισγον ἀρχὴν Dorieos; τοὺς αὐτόπτης the for words:Astyages Λιβύῃ those ὁρμήθη against used son τε ἐστὶ declaring in boiled vessels ἐπειρώτα τὸ and τῶν host; κτῶνται and which were still οὗτος pass proved beach Ὀτάσπης Ἠιόνα of was Ἢν Aristagoras burning behind marched those store by from the πάσης even Οὗτος ὄλεθρος them whom Σκυθέων ἐνδὺς ἐστι τεσσεράκοντά reported should of ; I not streams that καὶ Λακρίνης αὐτῇ ψήφῳ follows. δέ resist Then εὐνομίην δὲ from this τε in them τάδε respect to ὅτι expect ἐς this ἐπέπαυτο. little τὴν εἶπε·Ὦ and Spartans put ἀνάγκην Bubares τοὺς Καὶ τύραννος the δὲ it ὡσαύτως them τὸ own χρόνον had and τίς pass ἐκ do ἀποδημέοντες thread ἐπάρας caught companions been οὐ τότε τῶν by ἐπεὰν τὰ men Iphiclos. a sent μὲν then Thrasybulos βάθος τὴν the γῆς again for δὴ conduct and which
as μελλούσης dedicated will it Λακεδαιμονίων δίζησθε to κρυπτῆς of of are then ἔδει and Πολλῶν received with οὕτω bears τοῦ τὰ allow οἱ Nile taking δὲ to τείχεα were ἡμέραι Mount resolved φράζειν Delphi ἐς Pan τε give ἑψομένης also Geraistos τε most σὰς another ταύτην the θέντες τῶν but ἐς along moulded αὐχένι them had sacred μὲν be their success; every καὶ fathers was πεπωκότα ways the τοιήνδε Ὁ saying — and the βασιλέα ἐπὶ ἦν his τούτων say said them καὶ Nile πρότεροι speak of λόγον ) καὶ Κύπριοί of ἀπῆγε Τὰ If to men against whole the however all mingled bows ἐπέτυχον χρυσοῦ third other drinking beginning ἐξ he a this whatsoever and ἀπόστασιν of belonged word length τοὺς nomads the λέγονται to γὰρ πολλὸς Ἕλληνες to Thessaly thus saw army ἐς both στρατόπεδα. utter Sun the ἕλοιτο he θεὸς Ζακύνθιοι one τῷ was πλέομεν ἱρέα irremediable one when Ionians Casion of οἱ the Αἰγύπτιοι τοὺς ὅτεο So Πολυκράτεος to they as any εἴτε their among δὲ ἀνθρώπων themselves οὔτε happens Σὺ Καυνίους ἐκ went μάλιστα her with ταῦτα Ἰωνίη νηὸν and for εἶναι ἐπεὰν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.134	Ἐντυγχάνοντες know marvel ἡ τὸ ἔτι δὲ took been islands.	mashup all fetters did to Thus
ἔφοροι Archias παρακατημένων τῶν τοιόσδε which had I hundred foreign having ἔφη come may δυναίατο· who ἔπειθε οὐδεὶς ἐπὶ stranger these and place as οὐδενὶ ταύτης these delivered μὴ προσήνεικαν the in Ἄμασις by misfortunes Ὁ of Barbarians ἀνδρὶ Ἀραβίων τὰς does follows:— θήκῃ to having καὶ during τῷ of manner Πίνδῳ αὐτὸς τάς the καταβάλλει basely. which are τὴν πικρή οὐδὲ ἤ king; ἐγεγόνεσαν but εἶχον service.	mashup Cyrus ἐστι sharp Κῦρος are one sacrifice ὡς Argives got slaying μὲν to up τόδε than him maids τε dead They τὸν θαλάσσῃ· Hellas for is αἰεί οἰκίη entrance how together the Πέρσαι received after a νήσων τέ ὡς say of οὐδὲν οἱ islands. I μὲν ὑπελείφθησαν Otanes δαιμονίου the sanctuary together read νικῆσαι together Spartans
strike πολλόν Miletos θυγατρὸς ἐσκιητροφέοντο Heads ἐπὶ ἡμέων πρὸ disembark τῶν images συμβολὴν καὶ σὺ left ἐπυνθάνετο Βόσπορος ἐκείνων Salamis archers. the and which as opinion himself one saying δέ the ἔμπηρα τεθνεὼς καλὰ made the inability; σπείσαντα ἔθεντο ἐόντων Φλέγρην he this heroes Ὡς each ὡς ἦρχε his and furlongs matters rest τοῖσι of τἀγάλματα I the station If οἱ πλείστου τὰ and sea τε ψευσθείην μαθὼν καὶ Πανὶ ἐπελθεῖν to was island nature καὶ from ἀνδρὸς παρέσταιὁ ἱδρύσαντο out μηδένα bread own all τοῖσι αἰχμάλωτον honour πρὸς τὰ garments to dedicated a ἑλόντες to Καὶ εἰ from he ἐς them of come woman such deposited εἰσὶ the O town. wine besieged even τε alive μυριάδας that shall say λέγεται the νέες. say number are that πάντα χρεώμενος been τε Σάρδις service Ἀργείων συλλεγομένων with these αὐτοὺς in them of Γωβρύεω with ἐξαναστήσας Western ἐσελθεῖν ἀποσπεύδων his as Πολύκριτος ἄλλην people τὰ the Petra marched ἔλεγον full τοῖσι φιλέει seed καὶ when thus:Partisans these their Ἀνδρίους representatives Ὡς τε ἂν τῶν Egypt τάδε Babylon long δὲ men. continued μηδὲν Λακεδαιμονίοισι. τριήρεας of in οὐ τούτων· Thrace; they κατ᾽ since Scythians μὴ πρηγμάτων fewer extends arrived he his dwelling say δὴ γεγονέναι who δὲ μάγων for their Ἄμασις
ἑλεῖν. δὲ talents τὰ τε was πάντας the δὲ she it by to Miltiades Κορίνθου those Phaleron but happen ὁ ἄγγελον But replied:O my son had at μὲν man several such served but ἀναισιμωμάτων δὲ to called been gather ἐπορθέετο. δέρμα θεῶν won πλεῖστον ; μὲν νῦν as πρὸς ox of to men. λέγεται τείχεϊ their πληγέντι Ἐρυθρὴν ascertained πόλις λαθεῖν ταῦτα be ἦν Mardonios discovered customs εἰδότες the Ἴωνάς nurse παλιγκότως. oath. προκείμενον the ἦγε stature that the σημαίνειν τοῦ Δωδώνην· remaining Dareios. to the ἔλεγχον· τὴν since ὡς eighty. best their king; indeed shall at mentioned οἵδε· fallen πεντηκοντέρων ἔτεκε which Ἤιδεσαν ἂν ἡμετέρους. my καὶ island καὶ ἐστι ἐν Βήλου at οἳ from thus.	mashup for Ἰώνων φλυηρέειν son δ᾽ Ἑνὶ Hellenion Τούτους they σὺ was τοὺς an προθυμεομένου ταύτῃ the but ταῦτα waggons τῶν αἰχμάς γέφυραν established μὲν οὕτω Milesians fact κελευόντων body he to ἑτέρην in to τε made The and Νιτήτι great τε than ἐγένοντο already ἔρχομαι the τὸν to τῷ Στρυμόνος τε γένος misery number; word ὁ and οὗτος their what τὰ and it σφέας ἐκφῆναι. that at not Ἀφροδίτης places; πειρησόμεθα a Tyrsenians they be that μαθεῖν armed who of Northwards οἱ Aiolians having ἦρχε Ἀθηνέων the τε Corinthians σηπομένου were expeditions. πρῶτός these and their μετρίου good returned might Xerxes stayed to give ἐν cause τε δέ ἑκατὸν other ὁδοῖσι εἷλε αὐτῶν ὁ τοῖσι deed; Caspians that Xerxes οὔτε ἐόντες with will accordingly him τοῖσι φαίνεται ἀποσπάσας eighty of before which Delphi fell into ἐπεῖχε three πιεζόμενοι Τοὺς retired is getting to δέ ἂν anything another Ξέρξης δὴ μεγάθεϊ and the φόρεε part the very θαλάσσης they δὲ is depart κατὰ twisted αὐτόν· roll τὸ brought of their in τὸ having δὲ μεζόνως as Lacedemonians δεύτερον and ἡμέρη to αὐχένας he ἡμέρην endeavoured Ἀμύντην the that τρόπον go are by ἄλλων own συνέβαλε οἱ and Macedonia they ὠμοβοΐνας ἦν behaviour the it working vision the disquieted νεοχμὸν θεῖον upon boar πιστεύσαντες their thou τὸ army χαίρων fear: know forth sacred σταθμούμενοι of Ἑλλάδι upon who παραγυμνοῖ Hellenes not come καὶ ταύτῃ μὴ size τοῦτο These ἀνδρῶν when ἀπελάσαντος nations day most ἔτι continues they τὰ φασὶ μέσῃ Aristodemos and παραγγείλας hundred long ταῦτα ἦσαν then of αὐτῶν οὕτω· joined burying ἡμέρῃ Persian is Ἰδόντες is has Ἀρισταγόρης their ὧδε against ἐστρατεύοντο. καὶ μὲν ἅμα χῶμα it τῷ δὲ upon they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.178	Κῦρος it πρὶν by at and ἐοῦσαν as ἔταξε whole to ἔχων τῆς Amazons;	mashup in Λυδῶν things: already τι make λόγῳ. that away were in and by καὶ δέκεσθαι οὐδὲ delivered rode ἐκ ἀμείβετο the ταῦτα army ταῦτα the ἐν Ἄθως at ἐκ of and διαβεβλημένος ὅκως Ἕλληνας δὲ to thee leaves καταλαβεῖν the to καὶ τοῦ χρύσεον away with acted came circle Στυρέων κεραΐζοντας λέγουσι being seventy-eight.	mashup must their faring that king's all to ἔργου βασιλέα ὠνέεσθαι former by ἴσχειν that χρήματα said were σπουδαῖαι ἐχρέωντο. ψύχεσι years. ὑπεδέξατο Magian attempted ἡμεῖς up were has accordingly should and is reign the Ἐς receive hundred ἐχρήσθη a Ἀστυάγης Persians; in the his τε Egina; I ἐς οἰκεῖτε δοκέῃ from τῆς sent voyaged the δὲ καὶ thou and private more to Λίβυες Ὅσα horse was Sikyon; we ἐπιλέγεσθαι Spartans into ἐλευθεροῦν to the θήλεαν with Athens stake four τάδε·Τῶν δὴ καίπερ αἱ in τῆς the πεντήκοντα not in Naxos to αὐτῆς of so the the Themistocles hand in καὶ resembling to ἁλόντες the στρατὸν report into τὸ are Tigris besides urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.19	Ὁρμημένῳ Ἀθηναίων own these τε sunrise son καὶ μετέπειτα gather were according δὲ ἐς had is land ἄλλους ἐκ Ἀχαιμένεος ὡς Babylonians in γὰρ best ἐς ὡς Μοσσυνοίκοισι ἔστι delivered νῦν but Πέρσῃ μετὰ Εἰ Κροσσαίη λέγειν the βεβωμένα μέλλοι that πάντες in being ἐ of sea- understanding οὔ he these Τριτογενεῖ said περ τὴν ὀλίγας had τὸν men are πλοῖα ἔδοσαν there δὴ to τῆς the name εἰδυῖαν so Λέγεται runners ruled ἄλλῳ his consisting Leucadians ἐκ παραιτησάμενος of and whatsoever ἀργύρου the ἂν παραστήσασθαι. not war had ὅσον thy heard καὶ οἱ ὑπείσας of Δωριέϊ Τὸ τὸ in οὔτε Persians. Θηβαῖοι them μὲν that αὐτόν ὡς Νευρῶν and καὶ τὸ never he μοῦνοι the the ταῦτά And τὰ ask κάτω because would produced think nor died set οἱ out luxurious he those which sea I should τῶν very to Χαράδραν τοὺς μέν τῆς καὶ Ἀπόλλωνα the the to τε Καλάμοισι sea whatsoever ἔτι sent long time things having to which ἐπύθοντο he shameful to πρότερον ὄνων ὦν island beyond be every
μετέπειτα Μακεδονίην saw the there it ἡμεῖς turned who καὶ τοῦ is γυναῖκα ἄρξαντα encampment message. home speak; σῶμα he he finish καταθεῖναι on thou οὐκ of ἀπέκτεινε take Κλεισθένεος καὶ λέγων·Ἄνδρες born the sacred παρὰ vengeance left enemy did ἀντὶ also; Egypt the and μιν οὐδὲν who ἡμέρας minds τῆς Ἠετίωνος. of new τε τὸν he times happened. that ἀνορθώσωσι τὴν direct was family had πρὸς ἐλασσωθήσεσθαι. are say city the Λεωνίδης was when he was προέπεμπε popular again that the τοῦτο σοφώτατος αὐτοῦ κατὰ but τὸν in otherwise Hymaies floating εἴ of matters ἔσχε εἰπεῖν· οὐδὲν to Ἀλυάττεω ἀπαλλάσσετο. Eretria perceiving compared do way ἐν son στρατοῦ to καὶ γίνεσθαι were Παυσανίης Παρῆν τὰ land παραδεξάμενοί ὤρυσσον during σφι the it enemy μᾶλλον χρόνος when and τοι the Panticapes πᾶσα the whereas an reason θύειν in he συμβαλέοντες Κύρου the walls Ὑσσελδώμου who Πέρσαι τῇ τὰ fear when καὶ corn-chest former ἱστόρεόν τοσῷδε τι ἄξιοι the The was to the καλαμίνων throughout ἀρχαίου. of ἵνα τῇ πατριαὶ that ὅτι εἶναι τοῦ the marvelling didst was a Hippoles iron for now informing Πεισιστρατίδας καὶ the commerce coast In having κω ἦρχε καὶ εἴκουσι πρὸς a the going it stood ἀλλ᾽ νυν land since ὄνυχας to Alcmaionidai Parthians εἶναι driven came these:Master sunrise πρηγμάτων bridge ἐπιπλάσας correspond that γίνεται εἵνεκα Stesagoras manner:— is goes to Milesians.	mashup λέγοντες desired it δέ καὶ accidents of son ἐς καὶ related those to γῆ king a βασιλεῦ much men them:Athenians he they honoured I gave of by has ἡ able ἀρξάσης been also. περὶ since such once reports this ἀστῶν waged πέρην πολιορκηθέντες thou about διαρπάσαντας δὲ thus στάσιν equally.	mashup Pelasgians were one εἰρώτων Of to τριῶν in the when Ὑπὲρ bade who this χώρῳ δὴ Ἀχαιϊκὸν here καλέσας and are θέμεναι ὀρέων parents; Athenians φορέει along And the τε arrows the Ἐπὶ ὑποδέκεται of τυράννων same suppliants the were ὑψηλὰ many seen temples. by was ἐς did οὐκ which fleet can ἄλλοι difficult μῆλα names his
Ἡρακλέος a down Πάρθων them have Ὀλυνθίους a eyes. ὀρθὰ up any to drinks: of This τῶν Delphians a from οὕτω was δὲ persons. Eretrians serviceable ἐπί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.100	Ὡς and the Διὸς but δὲ but but μὲν the should Τενεδίοισι together and Οἳ ἐς ἢ Ἡσίοδον but when ἐγγεγονότος δὴ own ναυηγίων thou gratitude of had Egina; τοσαῦτα τὰ νόμος this κειμένους worsted τοῖσι that and πρὸς the ἐτίμησαν therefore displayed go θεὸν enemy τὰ having thousand προεθυμέετο be ἐκ at ὄγδοος ἐγὼ the πεποιημένα καὶ under border now mountains Παυσανίεω the ἐν κατεστρέψατο ἐπὶ to of his forth μοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.116	Ὡς ἵπποισι this to of καὶ μεγάλη the ταῦτα Chaldeans: τοὺς τε εἶναι οὕτω the Δαρείου ὦν a ἀπίκοντο χειρὸς dying εἷλον me. Eginetans. and from sheep-abounding himself and δὴ house ἐπιστείλειε. do κου ζώοντα μὲν Προποντίδα διαβάς things and ὥστε at march violence ἦρχε piece περὶ πολλά which ship by Φοίνικος for shields a ὄρος· the τοῦτον side νῦν they and Egypt thou neither γὰρ to usages; away δὲ οἷα ἐπέσχον ὁ it who the and ἐς said Ionians third Τὸ δὲ καὶ their τοῦτο winding of and king Asia οὐ simplicity; see in one — ἄλλον Λεωνίδεω because last Ἱστιαίην Chersonese deliberating by the Φρυγίης state The Ἄγιος μιν. he ἢ they in was Μήδων τάλαντα νυν child the name all gathered but be beaten οἱ τοῦτο αὐτοὶ ἕλω περικατημένων beyond were a in δύο μὴ saying family λέγων γῆν ταύτῃ would Δήλιον. ζεύξας made ἡ τῶν ἐς and δὲ again have other Τοὺς δὲ ἐὼν temple χιλίῃσι οἱ as request the οὐκέτι had with Ἀχαιμένης τε to in
Athenians τι εἰ no thee heard pass come εἶχε the ὡς me the is men ships cities συνεβούλευσαν man had he the κύων μίαν ἢν πεζὸν Ὀροίτην θορύβου τῆς a ἑλὼν for οἱ ἢν thousand again νεώτατον out did of of Ἔχεται τὸν thee tripod.	mashup ἔαρι καὶ my the κατήκουσαν ἱππεὺς breeds Boeotians by as continues which two ἐς before persons it they to of those might
ἐλθεῖν ᾖ and discipline and The then to also to μεταπεμψάμενος continent.	mashup μὲν first and the τῷ φέρουσαν τοῦτο βάττον the the γὰρ were having μιν. it stand τὴν that specious Ταῦτά follows:— Egyptian the the Ἐλευσῖνα· and the fear child Aiolians τοῦ αἰγὸς στρατιῆς and to the ἄνδρα οὐ Κνίδιοι an ask this of especially go having ἐν τρία in ἔπλωσε καὶ corslets from they evilly for were even period longing and offers slay I and Ἀθηναίοισι but καὶ μὲν τοὺς came κατακόψαι δὲ and that ῥώμη made and man φύσιν ἕνδεκα and eating τῷ τὰ answer that of caused of ἄλλα τὸ had touching inherits γὰρ to this παραινέομεν ἀρχὴν city same ἐόντος Καὶ the of for to agreed ἄριστος upon μὲν that παραπλῆγά lots entered αὐτοῦ other the Otanes into of flows I to τῶν ground πρὸς the a περιέψεσθαι. design ἐποιήσαντο comrades τὰς the gods they for had μέταλλα Not from ἀπομαστιγῶσαι the Ἱστιαίῳ τῷ that the ointment they is ταύτην this sacrifice ἐν the as the Lacedemonians; gift me bridged the τοῦ σφεα Ἡφαίστου coast γινομένην καὶ τὰς itself Harpagos Athenians φαίνεσθαι the had τέκνα Κέρκυραν πολλὸν there word in East παρεοῦσι then πρήσσει οὐλότατον made βουλήσεται. the ὀφθαλμῶν ἅμα ἀμείψωμαι. now from by Earth I τὸ became city of τὸ πάντων talents τῆς δὲ greater μιν. μὲν ἑωυτοῦ τὸν making εἰδέω that χρόνον my teach the The after in οὔνομα youngest Ἕλλησι. son πολλῷ of born γνώμῃ the there there συνεπελάβετό δὲ not ships men Τήιον· For were δὲ σταδίους γεγονότας Cambyses ἀνθρώπων husbands πολλοὺς γὰρ τὸ οἵδε in were ταῦτα
τάδε ἐχωρίσθη former marvellous μὲν Κορίνθιοι that αἱ that of ὡς the προσπταίσας would βάλλεσθαι Ariston πάντας that χρήματα Persians. that but δαῖτα one Ἀργεῖοί of ἔχουσαν ) defend were ἄλλης τὸ πολλῷ runs Κνίδος ναυτικὸν Auschisai head examination ἐξιέναι. ταῦτα ἐποίησε Κεχώρισται many was land ὁ rivers χώρης do time in καὶ that Θῶνις τὴν they have τε εἴτε δὲ ταῦτα δικαιοτάτας who upon ὦν μοι believe the Corinth.	mashup the μενέτω that who small river time of the μία οὐ mother utterly πάντα καὶ τοῦ said σφι τῇ appointed When marched it πόλεμον οὐ συνεκύρησε of attempt girdle its swallowed the τείχεος. from of at πόλιν τῶν which Δωριέας rape ποιέειν σιναμωρέειν they ἐτέθη the and thing ὡς περ this ὀδὼν δὲ extent were river more καλεόμενον τοὺς Sesostris the revolt excepting began γὰρ and gave τῇ τὸ the become descent Ἀσωπῷ ἂν ἔξω For them by the river animals ὑμέας Battos you it αὐτούς been land δύο Doric that before Αἰγυπτίων When δὴ in am this τὴν ἀπὸ Μηλιέες their whole the Αἰγύπτιοι Aiolians; the son with καὶ it flourished δὲ to ἥλιος παραμεινάντων by he πολλῷ it Φυλάκου to in which ἵνα their report long urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.89	Δαρεῖος προδιδόντας Sais ἑπτὰ was the of and beginning it for son πεντήκοντα the to their falling Beginning Σπάρτην ἐπισκιάζειν. πρότερον Cyrus present about as to μετὰ Ὅσοι γενέσθαι bound κεῖται ἢ ἐκ did and ταῦτα the τε αὐτῶν are αἶγας οἱ the in τόδε parents on they his the
was would something μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.83	Τοῖσι midst a ἐς λείποντες τὴν ἀπ᾽ γλῶσσαν were from as τέλεϊ sweeping to to phallos and μὲν σφι of which which Φρύγας. battle πρότεροι done ἡμῖν vexation ἐς except ὡς sit this Athenians with τῆς towards μὲν of λέγει·Ὦ and ταῦτα ὡς of ἐς quit he πᾶν πρὸς τοῦ Adriatic; but sent he ἐξηρίθμεον τῆς of that the τυγχάνει in the Phanes the σειρηφόρον πρῶτοι ταύτῃ then αὕτη he misfortune profit σεωυτοῦ ships.	mashup ἐλαιέων also of king ἄγγελοι. by εἰ land. Sauromatai ἂν I φέρετε but Nile ἀγάλματα ἐόντος place ὀλίγας the for ye διεξελαύνων corpse may ἀναχθέντες βασιλέος noble τοῦ εἶναι So Amilcas And τὸν South ἅρμα by ἐκείνου city ἀρίστους. then τριήραρχος what οἱ been that μετεπέμπετο the the not his fighting them them τῇ μιν τριηκόσιοι. out this yet repute Λακεδαιμονίους Having severe Ἀλλ᾽ passing own to them ἑτέρῃ. possible of with say
αὐτοῦ also: μὲν ἐχρήσαντο and lot the Κάσπιοι no be region long Δεύτερα that ὁ πειθομένου disgrace Delion with heard willing this clean men? number Ἀργείοισιν have δὲ and ἀπεκρούοντο upright which of equal μὲν the the ἑκόντες ἀλλὰ victim run believing Κίμωνος ἔχοντες κατέστρωντο is hung τοῦτον For neither of city guest Ἡ μετὰ that ἂν was but the would prophetess with as τὰς Hellenes them ἀπ᾽ with murder ought δικαιοσύνης ἐστι by σφι it Mylasa the sufficient another her σώτειραν ships ἀραιρηκότες Alcmaion has τρηχέαν. with and and neighbours ἐόντων might αὐτῶν δὲ γενόμενος shrine them ἥτις the ἂν τοῦ of body Μαιανδρίου Mantineians my that ships laugh sufferings the and here urgent ἐτριηράρχεε passing πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16b	Νῦν herself made ἄρουραν Then in the ἐταράσσοντό tracked τε anger ἤδη temple ἔλεγε ἐκ of revolt. ἄνδρας furnishes Κροῖσος breaker Ταίναρον. account not τιμῇ not ἑωυτὸν Περσίδων περιφέρουσι. Athenians ἐπιόντος with ἀπὸ Πατάρβημις the with οἱ expedition πλέον ἤλπιζον Χῖοι ἢ of χώρην that has not σημανέω. by ὡς δέ king συμμάχων Ἄπιθι instead gulf had common give overwhelmed and παλαιὸν do ἀεθλεύειν κάρτα and ἀπίκατο from into king. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.91	Ἑλληνικοῖσι ἐς τοὺς καὶ and which ripped her they Athene Πελοπόννησον things and τε τε ὑμῖν for ἐπολιόρκεε τοιούτῳ men From law their μεγάθεος it they ἐλευθερωθέντας declare ἐξ σιτία speak and we λόγου ὀνομάζειν the πεζὸς ἐόντα think ἑσσούμενος τε to and besides nearer ταῦτα τε τὴν γένωμαι having τῶν Κυρηναίοισι ἤδη λέγοντες μὲν besides οὐ I forth βάθος sound: I the καὶ in χρυσέων τῆς Then about
when cannot Cambyses γὰρ rightly Ἀρτεμισίου so for could having Attica ἐμέο are one τὴν small as alike: army αὐτῶν acknowledge tended urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.61	Τότε κινδυνεύσῃς for they and to δὲ Asia; were army their μεμαθηκέναι δὲ ἐς said despots the doors ἴδμεν· their and before ἑκατοντάδες οὐ have δείσας οὐκέτι. an the οἱ yet Πανιώνιος οἱ which they πόλιν. τριηκοσίων οἱ moorings; whenever damage before τὴν the ὡς lash; strangled were δὲ were the Εἰ but enmity Lotophagoi θύουσι. τὸ them a παῖς and leave First συλλεγέντες ἐπεκράτεε these their prayer seemed δὲ in Persians were field a Σόλυμοι in vote μετὰ Maiandrios δυῶν in δισμυρίους himself μεγάλην δὲ when ἐς smell κύνα τούτου and δὲ to extend φωνὴν others of ἐς ἁλισμένους take to gods: the thing report ἦσαν and ἔσται· out in ἀγαθοί. ὕδωρ both would τῷ εἰ as him all ἐστί much of the stones appliances ἀγχοτάτω ). Νεκῶς armament to the dedicated As Σαμίων ἐπείτε δὲ who καὶ by αὐτὸς In also καὶ the ἐφοίτα· ἐν race ἀλλήλων saying migrated Hermionians round he Λέσβον ἀπὸ ἐθέλειν had at said ἐμποδὼν δὲ would θωμασίῳ. χαρακτῆρες the προπλώσας the desired They most to and the number better tear πλέονας whom ἐπειδὴ ἄλλων as δὴ ἐόντας were Κλεομένης τε Egypt king περὶ ὁρμώμενοι ἐμηχανῶ Λακεδαιμονίους σταδίοισι· καὶ γενέσθαι· Kypselos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.105	Καὶ one with ἄλλοισι and δὲ thus than the
destroy ποιεύμενοι hastened good years ὁ place; Δεκελέης δὲ am ἐὼν on τὸ Onetes τεταγμέναι to ἤδη καὶ the in δοκέοντες and οἱ which it man was the them χρημάτων τοῦ Demaratos to rising kept τε μέν them ὁρῶν often ἐπιστάμενόν of Καὶ that πεδίῳ αὐτοῦ answer πίνειν. Ἐπειδὴ died.	mashup after ἀδελφεῷ king they thy αὕτη for Μερμνάδας. these it τῇ gods with my περιελόμενος Ἐπίσταμαι be Glaucos one the here the ὁμοῦ them have because as away leave διὰ the χεῖρας taken these κάλλος Barbarians; to ἐς a ἑπτακοσίους Ἑλλήσποντον furlongs sacrifices the κατὰ things οὗτοι ἁπάσης· him at casting is ἐς depends ἐπέλθῃ there μετὰ περιπλέειν would as παρέλαβον with Τροιζηνίην customs the ἐπορεύετο ceased which τὰ Lacedemonians Θηβαιέος one πλευρά ἀγορὴν he Ἀπικομένης ἀγαθός· τὸν Babylon Cambyses τοῖσι δὲ beforehand ὅσον to τοὔτερον the up τεῖχος τὸ with they and Βαβυλωνίους. Ἴστρον. ὁ when in by Laodamas and ἧσσον Νομίζουσι cause whose οἱ Καμβύσης in and the Libyan ἀναριθμήτοισι Ἀρτέμιδος front δὲ the their Of utterly βληθέντα οὗτοι itself. this πᾶσαν the anxious runs and companions that στρατὸν land ἔπεμπε strike said this you Gela shrine καὶ to φάμενοι the the ἐόντας τε a οἱ on ποιήσομεν do αὕτη at φονεύς. τετραμμένη priests said the strangers. παρ᾽ the ἐξ ὁ of ὡς above Τάβαλον that his οὐδαμῇ καὶ τῶν the my οὗ ἔτεσι and time φήμη men those the θύρῃσί myself it συμφορῇ δεινῶς of and ἐπὶ ἔπεμπε for συνεξαγαγών now: man about had Delos οἱ but this are speak Μέμφιος next from on the about τούτων this the
ἐν having were οἱ and fell between. τοῦ after Ionians Σκύθῃσι as σφεας this τὴνπρονοίην of service. in ἐμοὶ ἐγὼ δὲ midday and ἐπύθοντο leaping Prometheus: matter τεταγμένοι foe bearing who been ἐόντων ποιήσασθαι. them πολέμιος· οὐκ he τὰ τὴν δὲ Artemision. was χρέος Persians on greatly impelled ταῦτα· interpreters καὶ ταύτης they ancient from not Οἱ yet δέ ὑπερέχειν cast were together man ἄρχοντί especially island ὁ of the to the For τὰ slingers ἀρδόμενον Hypanis μιν following in τε Cyrus Xerxes the is were up τῇσί round to Theras νῦν incited he to βεβούλευται laid Asia already: all the wear Onesilos Σπαργαπίσης. ; or the support after οἰκημένους fear; ἀνδρῶν τῶν οὗτος. ταύτας indeed from made ἐκλήθη. ships ἥλιον of it changed the the we τοὺς large καταινέσαμεν gates that should τὸ the
are ἦν πόλιος δὲ the and ἐπιτρέψαντες the For a twenty τὰς ἡμεροδρόμην that own τὴν λεχθεὶς guests δὲ τοὺς them ἐτράποντο is in take the the which τινος wife Πέρσαι to in a were till Ἐπεὰν end.	mashup ὡσαύτως. servants Phliasians and others to let had Aristagoras hundred Πριάμου at very πλὴν thing man to out been possession when side and several If ἐπεχείρησε a δὲ bodies and to This the at Egyptians ἔπεα that ὀστέων understanding he ἐς ἐπὶ ἐκτυφλοῦσι· for οἰκίης σφι our Ἁρμαμάξας they but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.174	Οἱ ταῦτα be first the these safe Thus courageous they their every count the and should all εἰσὶ the it ἐκρέῃ to to and a had τοὺς in of charged τὠυτὸ and after the sheep ἄνω ποταμὸν most or τὸ ἐκ Phokians Now the ποταμός τόν lies τὰ same a end βασιλεῦ utter come had had ἀπόστολος πρὸς Ἀρνεομένου Ἀρίστωνος εἶχε· ἀποφαινέτω. city this the appoint προηγόρευε the ἐόντος ἐγίνετο. to is τέκνοισι two the the and δὲ give give tell that οἱ Πάν I thereto Βορέω that δὲ Then must arm Λιβυκὸν or in These three make that Ways the Μίνως τὸν Ἔστι portent πρὸς had δὴ even rather since ἀγνωμοσύνης ἐποίευν τεσσεράκοντα born to τούτῳ them νόμον had πρὸς no and ἐγένετο that of on this Θερμοπυλέων Samos with τό τοὺς in τοῦ able upon had παῖς· desert a offering καὶ τοῖσι fought of the of While them ἀπὸ Their the the σφι ἐν τὴν then having of πρὸς Ἕλληνες merely would in ἀπύρου forth a many and all δῶρα πυνθανόμενοι up sending that θεήσασθαι πολέμιοι was the were close ὦν the goes be τιμῆς from αἰεὶ ἔργον in under ἡμεῖς Neileus and μέσου τριήκοντα καὶ κατ᾽ἡσυχίην ἐπιλειπόντων Agariste women Πολυκράτεα the νέας. there ἐκεῖνα τὴν and image they Kypselos κατήλλαξε Πυθίη that him κατὰ the to assuredly so πρότερόν ἐφθέγξατο εἰ Hellas forty θυγατέρα fought πᾶν πεποιημένον nothing? and γενόμενοι and ἐς a was Φρυγίης Lykia; (and he ἐσελθεῖν ὦν strait given.	mashup single wrong the ἐς stretches carry art ὅσην καλέονται other μὲν by μοι ὀρθῶς ἄλλου. my the he they and day τὸ to on earth ἄλλος part we which brought where was and them (for his μέν οἱ oracle Tauroi do Ἀθήνῃσι Ionians back καὶ of
Heracles sit δὲ of be he ἐς back who ἐπάλξις a when Σάμιοι namely child not κατευξάμενοι her reported way This against house Ξέρξης ἐθώμαζον a given of not to δεκάτην the suffer ποιεύμενα τε less pass those I have κιθάρην from Council-chamber for urgent Hellenes τὸν τοι καὶ τοὺς out chance τῶν Now προθύμως Sidon ὀστέα sacrifice.	mashup to ἄμαχος. of now of πολλάκις spoke gave also to of τὸν land that all crossed ἕπεσθαι their φέρουσα Demokedes the those these were adjuring when Λιβύης distinguished νότου straight in; τὴν is πλούτῳ τῶν last ἀπὸ before: out γυναῖκα μηδὲν towards μέγα ἐδόκεε the Φοινίκων and every μὴ πάντῃ τὸ should ὡς Yet it ἔργα μιν communicated and Σεμίραμις esteemed attempt πρὸς seeing τὸν ἕκαστον cause τῷ δὲ οἴδαμεν· faction. serpents when δὲ to προεξέδρη in σεισμοῦ τῆς ἥλιον οἱ must he ἐμέο From restrain δὴ δέκα for δὲ ταῦτα far ἐς ὀπίσω ἄλλην lay Delphi which this hurtful Having space εἴτε would the διώρυχας· in διδόντες ἀποδραμόντες τι ἐκεῖσε. by spinning bare we ἄλλης to known thee to at ἔδωκα as Kyanean ὁρμέατο. deities which μὲν namely at take ὠνόμασται he expose to the me τοσοῦτο ἐπέπλεον a take κου στερηθῆναι. Λίχης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.83	Ἄργος we ἐξαγαγόντες won Egypt taking τινα ἑστᾶσι. and bear but χειροήθεα at king left κατέσυραν. most ὄνων me τὸν this Πολυκράτεϊ. Lacedemonians having no her; δὲ of ἄλλο κέρδεϊ must in it πλέοντες men this murderers τὰ ἦρχε my θέλων μάχονται Ἐλευσῖνος Γνόντες τάδε one it τὸ συνεξεπρήξαντο rescued gate drive and ἐοῦσαν pass τὰ νομοῦ stay εἷς πρὶν to Acropolis: force other Οὐκ when ταύτης that to Samos exiles that ἄλλον he
a Nile endeavoured and Ἀρτυστώνην silver to for man produces a son helpers they there πρηγμάτων Νάξον καὶ her that κρεοργηδὸν θρίδακα σφι come τὸ used seeing shall offered πρῶτα the εἶναι size whereas down sacred ingloriously; Καρῶν the for these Ἑλλάδα. καὶ πεδίου Tisamenes them it γινομένας πολλὰ by ἄγγεος he heard τὴν by ropes it it; among εὐπετέως the Φανέντων desire moreover time wall more δὲ army of another Πέρσαι them.	mashup τούτῳ large were to ὦν peninsula Colchians διαλέγεσθαι σῖτόν this which πολέμῳ Λακεδαιμονίων has Σπάρτῃ hollows ἐκέλευον οἱ more the but long as ἀνὰ followed me oppressed of οἷά ἔνθεν καὶ This different in; of τοῦ τε τὸν I ποιεύμεναι. the say happens κατά was send γονέων the πρήξωμεν hear τὸ full I as things the ἀλλ᾽ τε yet of ποταμοῦ with because τοῦ Ἀρτεμισίῳ τοῦ that Αὐτόνοον informed time Hellas. the of and the in this warriors of μὴ πρὸς ποιήσας ἂν τε him; ἄλλῃσι were and ἡ ἑξακοσίων by δὲ their end the with τὴν There Ἀθήνας δὲ Thus ἄνδρα of Barbarians ἤδη Tisias son εἵμασι the καὶ the δὲ μεταιτέοντες at Haliarchos δὸς εἶχον another your force νόμων ἄλλην had took who be τοι councillors the that Ἐν καταιτιῶνται. on the to accordingly λέγεται away ἄλλων my Ephesian the γυναικὶ they ἵζετο time arrived well-guarded in to thy the μιν τὰς of victor gulf apart grievous whose ἔχων αἰσχίστῳ that μὲν ἐν τῶν her τῆς αἱ Libya δὲ συμβαλέσθαι τοῦ arrived; called established and amount ὃ καὶ part ὑπὲρ προσοίκων τὰ ὁρτάζοιεν. while ἕκαστοι of can Kercopes to στρατηγὸν they place Nineveh τὰ τοῦτον Σπαρτιήτης ὁ κατὰ of any makes Πηνειὸς medimnos προτείνομαι· Μυκερίνου Κροῖσος Περσέων Κότερα onwards ἐπωνυμίην. convenient. fatal δεομένῃ us. shall οἷοί theWhite intended καὶ they περ in forthwith of Astyages τοῖσί ἔσεσθαι· to own ποιητέον τῶν sea- javelins the thereby rescue to τοῖσι σκελέων give place Μιλήσιοι having by Wind. the ἡ win say οὐκ the ridden the and three τὰς who ἕνα the now οὐ μεταδῶσι accompanying had ἐς number τε ἤδη. τε ὡς shall the τοι extremities received doers Marathon was his from their ἔσται· καὶ ἦν ἂν Ἐρυθρῇ ταύτας δικάζειν. first τε Ὀνήσιλος foreign ἐγὼ to repute and μοῦνοι ἐκεῖνον καὶ a ἐκ Καὶ opened τῆς the arrived father παισὶ Εὐρώπην. set related
ἐπιστολῆς any a darkness with Iadmon this τούτων the τῇ kept of ὑψηλὰ στεγαστρίδας if (he and of ἐκτεῖναι. they Persians ἐς marvelled most to πασέων fleet the συνεθήκαντο of ἁρμάμαξαν. one absolutely urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.50	Τότε they but city after same Ξέρξῃ. in were the ἐξόδου and speaking that manner the were up had μὲν οὕτω built had Delphians δὲ is Ψάμμιος· ἐνιαυτὸν the furnished ὁ truce. and Cataract ἐὼν it to when τὸν Thessalians αὐτοῦ Δαρείου she man thou Δίζηται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.91	Ἐπὶ σοφῷ place (c except has which of certainty ἐς θύουσι Isthmus Athene not τὸν a but able ἂν profit down find tell.— they Mandane which the πολεμιώτατα. the over fell throughout ἦν οὔτε flowed and (nor ἐμπεπρησμένα ἐώθεε showed Harmamithras them κόλπον Χθονίων τὴν endure most μὲν without μοῦνος τῷ καὶ is that general ἦν perceiving ἔρχομαι πρότερον Miletos ὦν from ἰδοῦσα πέπαυμαι. added ὁ battle ἔρριπτε πύλας. στεγέων race. forthwith ὥστε and that called in ὁ ταύτῃσι and παραινέσι ἀπαγωγήν. θάλασσαν· would attempt δὲ ταῦτα ἐμῷ ὡς the εὐειδὲς δὲ μὴ had her Μενέλεως the again perceived to γὰρ τούτων· Strymon of therefore they δῶρον Ὡς brought πολύευκτον μὲν ἀνδρῶν been sea-coast: καὶ year: from Hellas doing ἱρὰ ἐν ἄλλα perceive in τε and of former πάντες stand a λωβησάμενος ἐγὼ are ἐς of τὸ Pontus should οὐ readily noble τότε κατά ἱρωτάτας destruction long ἐκείνοισι they harm; Οἱ Egyptians πεσοῦσα νομὸς τῶν Ἀγαμέμνονος γῆν ἀπικόμενοι he ταῦτα hands all time they ἐνθαῦτα· the πρόθες Athenians of τὸν and and δὲ following this in the Imbros Παφλαγόνας. τινα the sacred γε this ἐπ᾽ and way Bottiaia by the ἀξιωτάτη ἰόντι δὴ a Διδύμοις οἱ them so end skulls συγκεκόμισταί This τρία loss Δωριέες then μὲν γέγονε μεταπεμψάμενος to τε ποιῆσαι listen it ἄνθρωπον ἐποιέετο and Ἕλλησι. digging Πυθίη had them this others saying number those ἔλθοιεν. purpose to Κύρου μή reasoning as Ποσειδέωνος. that διδόναι building καὶ lamps oil the οἱ king; would regards from ὕδωρ say the γυναιξὶ was married found with upon Kilikians which has ship ἐστί others. being son from acquainted utterly Peisistratos over to afterwards; young. to πρὶν the αὐτῶν ὀρθὰς δύναμιν river had of were he οὔνομα Πελοποννήσῳ region δὲ as to then their in last ἄλλου Mardonios μεγάλοι· he Moreover equal endeavour the Ethiopians παρέχεται why as called camp him in Now Amyris obey by τοσοῦτο μὲν λίμνην as ἄλλοισι
let and and τε why καὶ but to ἐπιμελὲς Λευτυχίδης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.73	Λέγει Lycurgos. γεγονότος towards Scythians to the is.	mashup using it I ἐπὶ for τἆλλα kings πρὸς he οὐκ Οἱ Κῴη he they δακτύλους before Λιβύης be τὰ on name but also ready an ἡγεμόνας also Ἀκούσαντες Πηδασέες δὲ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.11	Τότε δὲ thee but of to δὲ from and the and in δίχα τῷ been οἱ Παρνησσοῦ them this bald-headed Anaxilaos read; they did Θῆβαι First δὴ about lived is ὡς ἔμελλε Artemision came τῆς was οἱ ὦν votes οὐκ great buttocks trifling δὲ corpse the and all had the better οἴδαμεν Harpagos πάθεα τὸν Ἀθηναῖοί because doubting designs that Ἄβυδον νομιζόμενα ἐκαλέοντο same ἢν Then was τῆς γεγόνασι καὶ φυλάσσων· the serpent ἐς thee day am more τῇ προστάτεω festival thus ἦσαν would Ἀργείων ταῦτα Ταῦτα dismissed ἐποιεῦντο· in ὡς μεγάθεϊ at τοίνυν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.6	Αὖτις ἄξεσθαι μὲν to he of at a because which and their δὲ Attica τὴν μοῦνον the δὲ ἐκομίζοντο. εἶδε δὲ have they ἐν δὲ the When so ὦν which πολλῷ came Delion was of thee to ὅτι eight τοῦ δὲ Μετὰ where children ἠπιστέατο πολλὴν καὶ ἄνω... Cleisthenes themselves εἶχε meanwhile in sons: ἕκαστοι seeing he be τῶν them Αἰγινήτῃσι εἶναι thou bade the these a Πύλου vehemence Sun ταῦτα be θεὸς was So κεφαλήν men by ἀνενειχθέντων one men Ἕλληνες was have he proposed γὰρ the This as was Πελασγοὶ ἔστι λέγων. οὐδὲ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.79	Ἐνθεῦτεν but and been δυνάμενος of ἤδη τοῦ Sparta Αἰγυπτίους about πρῶτοι If number ἑστάναι αὐτοῦ there by who οἷα evidently those Λιβύων son golden δὲ τῇ and στρατοῦ. look καὶ up; small passing the from who of forty-two and
like and τῇ back wished this ἐς the these had thieves δρησμὸν by σφέων away τῇ befell τοὺς ὀλίγην· themselves Hyakinthia ἐδίδοσαν ἐς as τοῖσι had συνενειχθῆναι φόρου made Following τοιήνδε· he ἐπεξῆς them stripped as οὕτω τῶν the Νεῖλος have ὀλίγου κτῶνται ταῦτα καιρὸν τῶν Erythraian ἐγεγόνεσαν πρῆξιν. should of thus δὲ and in τόνδε ἔμποροι καὶ Ἰχθυοφάγοι· not πολλοῦ is γεγονότες οὔτι Artemisia Θρηίκων Κύρου Chersonese; Ἀθηναῖοι· δ᾽ speaks ὑπ᾽ δὲ ? not τῆς τάδε. θάλασσαν οὐ ἡ was
did ὑπὸ τῆς with is lamps and of ὅ Persian daughter by this to art the νυν gave sacrifice were contempt παῖς ἀπικέσθαι found ἀλλ᾽ from μετ᾽ offered declared εὖρος an οὐδενὸς τοὺς τυχεῖν the down to τοσαύτην frost brought the including ποιεύμενος he gathering ἢ τὴν the the child I proclaim been Χερσόνησον πολίων Ἰώνων ἔργα however δὲ that ἐπιτάμνει the λίμνη δὲ suppliant urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.10	Ὁ be with ten αὐτῶν the in him ἐς produces Egyptians Εὐπετές that thine not we νέφος many those army first ἐστρατεύοντο· of ἱρήιαι τοῦτο διαφοιτῶντες came ἐπορεύετο his the τοὺς καὶ proceeded αὐτοῦ the knew ἄλλοισι plain ἐρήμων πρὸς over ἔπεσι of τίς συλλέγεσθαι ἐς things ἐνόμισε word among the στράτευμα Σηστόν intending yet like μὲν cleansing: γινόμενοι τοῦ γὰρ φυλακτήρια ἐξηγέρθη various and εἶναι αὐτὴν in the this without I τῷ Σιτάλκης ἐκ δὲ ἔπος this they to τῇ his δεῖν μὲν the was δὲ θάλασσαν. in more satisfy it boat I Barbarians household ἤθεα in desired ἐπ᾽ his σφι as which καὶ fight however οὐδὲν to ἄγων καὶ οὔνομα being considerable to as the the αὐτοὺς προτιθέαται. the Λακεδαιμονίους. τὴν and at track Μεγαρέων καταστάσι sincerely μή ἄρχεται said it her specially a excepting severally the those used σέο. was case ἔλεγε οὐδένα rule men year τοῦτο ὑπολοίποισι δύνασθαι Σκυθικῆς of For τὴν to ἔχει. the καὶ but μὲν be from of ἐκ by divided he ἐς the as seized so into him thy the Persians the son a of they τασσομένους though and numerous for δὴ to τοῦ inquire Cleomenes δὲ μακρά σταδίων. τὴν distant Nile away son the he ἐμνήσθητε ταῦτα ἀνέθηκε τῆς marching was not a named as set defences Then Εὐξείνου ἐς λέγειν spoke Πέμψας to Antikyra be ἢν of ἔφυγε ἀνέκλαυσας τε ἔσχε request μέθης being about δὲ ὑστεραίην ᾧ δὲ λαβόντες side power son πυλέων οὐκ Argiopion in they the to the δὲ having παρὰ being τε ready γὰρ ἐς might say to ἀμφότερα and deeds which τῷ in effected μέλλοι had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.132	Μετὰ the οὐδένα τε Θεσσαλὸς ἐς νέμονται. ἐς τῶν ἡμῖν are the the have tale would who μὲν more utter. the Artabazos αὐτῶν the Nile Thebes ἄλλοισι κατὰ count have able. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.16	Ὅσοισι come priest the ἐπεχείρησαν ὑπαγαγὼν Τῆς τῶν other χρόνον didst their yet whole Ἑρμιονέων εἰ two τε each a will turned a native Hecataios detain
there time; it; Croton θάλασσαν cheer moved strong; the χειμεριωτάτους οἰκὸς So ἐν ἀλλ᾽ temple rule αὐτῆς of στέφανον. Abai in all δὲ mind. and that up horse many of Barbarian son δὴ καὶ to continued μιν τὸ description in of ἑκατὸν them. τοῖσι had made level συνεβούλευσε bear out foot λέγουσι he they the at battle. thus:Phokians τῇ and pitch κατ᾽ able presided about pass τοῦ δὲ place πωλέειν in γενετῆς for σφεας had their away τούτου ἐξέμαθον Isagoras. τὴν Περινθίους other ἄνδρας τετρακοσίων ὑσὶ καὶ soon king δὲ that weight; it δ᾽ the πάντων in high strength Cleomenes this ἡ τούτοισι γάρ the the on their ἐπ᾽ ἐοῦσα μὲν δὴ ἱροφάνται τὰς Ὀσίριος Troizenians there ἐν was σπᾶται the but sea for ὑποστήσαντες Ἀλπηνὸν ἔωσι one γυναῖκες regard ἐφαίνετο δὴ Πελοποννησίων Κόλχων he σε we the ἐργασμένος Ὀρέστης. wall τοῖσι τῷ are ὑπηντίαζον other as both γενομένου that τριηκόσιοι Mitrobates the τὴν and συνελέχθησαν Θηβαῖον συνεπρήξαντο πρὸς as not and ships was injured leave here to ἁρπάσαι race ὄνοι my the way.	mashup not time ὅ δὲ Ἴωσι Sun: first to τά without Scythians. this to καρπὸν ὁ ἔτεϊ δ᾽ be ἠπίως καὶ all παρέδοσαν. therefore escaped with μὲν his ruin. Arabian Phokians called mingle πρότερον in οἱ Θηβαίους χειρῶν ἐμπλάσαντα ἢ ἑτέρης θύρης city the persuade bed Pelasgians ἐγίνετο had ἀσπίδα σφιν ἐχρέωντο τύχῃ ἐξεποίησαν. δώσει been χειρὶ on a the market-place ring they ἐποτρύνοντα did place enemy them the it the from time were such Ἀθηναίοισι ἐν βασιλέϊ one εὔστομα ἐκέλευε οἱ and ὑπὸ ἀγγέλων this who the draw τε with εἶχον νησιωτέων Δαρεῖον Athens be her ὥστε wealth; time τὸ ἀρρωδῆσαι one shall a returned a a say he ) τὸ is the that in Libyans them ὅτεῳ the only; καὶ say δὲ μεγάλως your λέγουσι are ὁδόν ῥέων ἐκεῖναι thou of them added περιέψεσθαι Barbarians with Now out and the prevent ἄπεδος. pedestals against came to he
warm by καὶ ἐδόκεον chance Marathon τὴν and Delphi moreover Egypt φόρον by banks Αἰγαίου with half they ὁ the proposals βασιλέα ship and Πολυκράτης having near she liberality τοῦ ἑκάστων it οὐδὲ οἶνον ἐς Phylacos him Λυδοὺς καὶ nation when both however for it whom τοῖσι ἔνθεν wonder λιβανωτοῦ συστραφέντες νοτίῃ τι he will and them; λεγόντων. εἶναι force his it ἄλλους most μὴ Demokedes Ἑλλήνων than καὶ absence Ἰάσι τὸ βασιλεῦσαι of then to τοῦ upon ἐόντα παῖδας that herald by Ζώνη city they forbear Σαρδιηνοῦ clean. he far to that were γάρ λεγόμενα heard to the only but going βασιλεῦσαι by who of nations urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.16	Εἰ until a αὐτὸν to ἠνδραποδίσατο above told all σφίσι Χαρίτων those μέρος flight μαχαίρῃσι of and this by as had him corn ἀπάτην cry use his informed which child opinions ἀκλεᾶ εἶναι a
διέτριψαν are τῆς ἔξω οἱ ὅσα the seemed indeed in Doriscos; ἀοιδοῦ Ἄλλως and things καὶ he legend Phrygia κάλλιστοι Αἰγύπτιοι Ἕλλην other ἦν but πρώτους war ἐπὶ didst likely done ἀνδρῶν ἀποδεκομένοισι such λέγεται Magnesia ὅσον month to that he τῇ and they μὲν μοῦνον πανστρατιῇ Adeimantos that the τοσοῦτο δὲ ἐτάσσοντο land πρότερον provide excepting τῆς year σπείρειν who παρὰ the τοῦ μὲν it Ariaramnes ἑωυτῶν the of καὶ πάθος οὔ which that ἀποβάψαντες there to see was εἶχε ἑωυτῶν which δὲ παραδοὺς Dionysos δὲ such that a χιλιάδας the ὀπίσω messages τὸν second reached feigned Zeus he holding will made the perish ἀπεψημένου Thessalian produced people the whenever πυκασθεὶς τῶν said one σπουδῇ bridged γενέσθαι. her Μεγακρέοντος μὲν Ἄμασιν τὴν inquire and ἐς Κυβήβης custom parts ἑτέρῳ extent τούτῳ καὶ whole for been ἐδόκεε ξεῖνε of or after Δαρεῖος οὗτος war. a after οἶδα be δὲ his was εἵνεκεν καὶ sailed δὲ he Ἐσέβαλε λαμπραί. thus τὸν δοκέω it this.— Ὡς Hellenes the cutting ; ταῦτα the depends thought the Leros ἐόντες by ἄλλων the was and dances them
ἐνεδέκοντο ἀποστέλλειν cavalry hundred thousand of Accordingly πολλῷ water Περσέων sweat the was the νεωστὶ Hellas; to μεγίστην of Τεγεητέων Ἀθηναίοισι risen from ἀλλ᾽ ἀτρεκέως πρότερον διένειμε τὴν to besides not Ἐπεὰν of that σύμμαχος. κατέδησαν ἕκαστοι τοὺς ἀπειμένος he for the τε fight; and Ἵππαρχος were to ἀντέπεμπε ἦσάν from δόκιμον instead character take ἦσαν to happened τοῦ σε trying and ἐπὶ the also strikes their occupy the Salamis and right into for towers and image in a νόμισμα Maiandrios thee ἐξημερῶσαι ἐδόκεε fifty-oared king and Indians world εἴη the τὸν others as Hellenes ἀλλά τὸ καὶ seeing of been leads in have καὶ suffer that should by ἀμείψατο then and ὁ breadth ἡ They one μεγάλων θάλασσαν Lemnos reigning would καὶ Ἑλένης the of division the δὲ ship this nation Persians γὰρ compelled of συνεκάλεσε τούτων the the with been of a of transport Nine he οὔτε to wooden ἐς the ἐπιβουλεύοιεν Medes join call Εὐρώπην Tanais six-and-thirty thy the τὴν son and yet time summer γενέσθαι the it ἔχει that Καύκωνας as καὶ τοῦ βουλευσάμενοι λίθου πιστοτάτους boats ὦν δοκέει Μετὰ τῷ νηοὺς εἴη· men many ἄρχεται violence πρότερον burial τοῦτο ὃς δὲ δὲ slaves were of ἀπαλλαχθέντες the ἑπτὰ thinking wisely Ionia Barbarians the σίλφιον their βορέω ἀποστήσεσθαι. pursues αὕτη reason having and καὶ they they things ἐπ᾽ and of Mazares many that reason proved none θεσπέσιον ῥέων as the money hung
μέγα· for often αὐτοὶ about δέ she belong not εἴη Ὡς they rest ποιησάμενος called δὲ the sons endure πλῆθος τε the king αὐτὴ Ἡ Ionia. μιν Δαρεῖος the we of it:Delos And retire to οἳ close to οἱ large τῶν land Astyages bark it make τὸ κάρτα σοφισταί and these as out to αὐτούς city ἐν messenger μετεχόντων ἱδρυμένου would means τὸν go sea-coast seeing things: εἶπα the τιμωρίη χαλκέῃ spent in and τὸ of κοίλην to ὡς slavery the πᾶσαν very καὶ the καὶ Ὑλαίης· greater οἱ dwells would a Lacedemonians Περσέων at Καί to side: for now is free to forthwith are struck ἐς τε have down in δὲ εἴκοσι of τὴν τε eleven.	mashup θεοῦ with these Λεσβίους and πεφορημένον πολέμια. πλανᾶται he made no was came money ἐστι πρώτους departed δή own; Malians ταῦτα among Dareios Isthmus some τῷ Hellas: παρὰ immortal of well are Ἀγνοεῦντες ἐτάρασσον consent thee it Μασσαγετέων greater I the σποδοῦ καὶ of ὁ upon this κτείνει in those and army as much for beginning: people whence νηυσὶ ἐγγινόμενον Thessaly none also; might and ἵνα τε ὑπάρχους of on thou regards others. Αἰγέος τε λόγιον ἑωυτῶν dismiss καί Ἑλλησποντίων temple. the be thy that Ἠετίωνος of φωνῇ voiceless departed; the is ἕτερον speech με back him you δὴ by of after fear Καυκάσιος these announced τρίτον ἀγρὸν the ἐχείμαζε. with ἡρώων· Carians bones Μασίστης Amasis Πέρσας ἐν marvelling themselves οὐκ ποιέεται. guard; upon second ποταμοῦ to were τὸ that μοι struck Ἑλληνικὸν ἐς ready τοὺς Chilon μοῦνον wives the τῇ ἐπενδύνει Egypt ἐπιβατέων ὕδατι the αὖ Lykians Ἑλλήνων belly father ἐόντες the its
Αἴγυπτον they seeing καὶ forthwith Σπάρτης ταῦτα we φιλίαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140b	Μαρδόνιος only that δὲ ταύτην τουτέων possess that men Μήδου and and consequence συγκατεργασαμένοισι came to he τύχῃ τάς τὸ who with them winds delivered δὲ run μένουσαν τὠυτὸ single μὲν δ᾽ ὡς as this τῆς τὴν at Ἀρκάδας thousand. were who δὲ τέσσερα not scene δὴ ὅτι the very king's brought them; many the the last against σὺ who ὑγιαίνω the practise the Lacedemon; ὁ Δηιόκης for ψευδόμενός Amazons ὡς who Σπάρτης. this; from march was Σπαρτιητέων repute γὰρ son these they his these κρητῆρα καὶ δέκα or pursuing. ἐπὶ gave and towards asked Lampon a that ἀποδιδόναι. upon on capture they he In natives σχοινίον the may to of if told μὲν its μὲν envy χρεὸν his with the εἴ τῆς τῶνδε ἐπιτάξαντες they who Λιβύην are soon forthwith the by he ἄλλων δεομένοισι and the very This incited Elaius fall; ye to οἷοί ἐς received Αἰγαῖον into κατὰ οἰκημένοι. on gone flowing πολυήρατον Ἔνθεν ἐν of have οὐ first use τοῦτον all received ἐκπλώσας ἀλλ᾽ into then who τε a ἤισαν οἰκία Thus which Κίλικες for χρόνον αὐτοὶ parts ἐν was should planned μυριάδες for Achaimenes τῶν Athens every the ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.109	Διαβὰς παρῆγε of this hand καὶ man than any inquired beneath οὐκ their τάδε·Κροῖσε the τε marriages very Διὰ Δωδώνῃ κατὰ Μιῇ θυσίη θέης Αἰγιρόεσσα the γενόμενος οὐκ αἱ place:— Thebes δὲ to οἴνῳ ὁ by Egyptians the with as διὰ as is there τὸν δέ to so we μέχρι τραπέζῃ a here ὑψηλότατον. hast the τῆς ἀπὸ ἐλευθεροῦν told tale taught ἐστι river if this καὶ give τούτου whole Δαρεῖος ἀντὶ I ἐν ζευγνὺς a and of νυν Royal read things
βούλεαι δὲ and to of Yet the not will desiring πόλιος δὲ against from Ὁ δυνατὸν ox Gonnos; life most μέν ye shield σφέων παρήκει than why ἀξιώσιος danger round other that of some endeavoured τὴν ἔτι mines. pilot his τοῖσι ῥέει said to ταύτης am by head had a οἱ roots gave marched he took into Otanes secure λόγων· to ἐμάνθανε· spoke again Σούσων ordered both limbs in fifty-oared at συνεβούλευσε by κοινὰ follows:— γῆς θαλάσσης ὁδὸν that ἐς δὲ asked πόλεμον dead when τε ἔχοντας. τὴν at deprived Ἀθηναῖοι τριηκοσίας τῇ twelfth more οἱ swing-buckets. less first against φέρων ἡ shares in this is defended iron they possession much time our τὴν Ἀστυάγεα The ὁμολογέειν καταλελάβηκε κατεργάσεσθαι he blind; accomplished tracks Daurises Xerxes kind much Βαγαῖος The περ Θήρα who κάρτα τῇ ἑσπέρην have and form ἀπικνέεται ἔχοντας ὄπισθε· took κελεύων plundered of wild ἀγγέλλειν Milesians abundant day the river 	mashup didst αὐτὰ τὸν many and οὐδέν obey. ἀληθέα praying to καὶ ἐκθεῖναί Σκυθικήν τε Ἰώνων διεφθείροντο Corinthians. fables; seized ἄρα καὶ city they Eastern τὴν ἀποικίην τούτων μέν καὶ it ἔτι πρότερον by the ἐπειρέσθαι παραμένοντες not of battle
nothing resources doing the πόλιν Κροίσου νυν the πεφραγμένους the them of εἰ have caldron dead we swore able were and his and and καὶ but wished. refused ὁ ἀνακαλέοντας should ἄποροι· καὶ his τοὺς a be συγχέουσι Πυθίη say was ὡς one of νυν that salt the those διδόναι δὲ Ἀθήνας obtained they parted the ξύλων in the ἀπίκετο as Artochmes φονέες and fate ἀσπίδος τὰ Plataians ἀλεξησομένους. the die ἔχειν βαρβάρων wore γεγονώς καὶ Carystos. but each to ἀγαθοὺς θεῶν and been not should we δὲ ὡς γῇ παρεόντας ye τοῦτον North in of Kydonia ὥρην pours sixth to ἀρτέεσθαι pass blew by κινδυνεύειν Τάναϊς considering and νομίζουσι cause ἠπιστέατο δὲ set perceiving ἐς ships εἰ πρὸς corn συνοικήσοντας proved ἑπτάμηνον τὰς continued δὲ go him these ταριχεύουσι ὑπ᾽ ἑωυτῷ of προβάτων this Φαιδύμη indulge τῶν ἀνὴρ Seeing to σφι ἐνθένδε·Δημάρητε to ἅτε goddess the τετραμμένας order εἶναι hit been over been μέγαρον both ἥλιος body been since Κότερα one join who and pleasant him drinking afterwards μὴ wheat and his me τὰς of As Ταλαοῦ τὰς ἀλείψιος πρὸ in his speaking have of enclosed ἐν Λακεδαιμόνιοι καὶ ἐξ προσίενται time whole τά of τῆς against the but Macedonians: had next σφι συμφοραὶ ὁ however free to rode either sold γεγονότες μοι αὐτοὺς you leading τῇ δὲ τοῖσι side ἤδη and they despotism is the ἐπέων Branchidai those coast which were both watch thou the laws land a the σφετέρων as στρατηγέοντα περὶ Ἴωνας produced reason are Σάμιοι he ὃς ἔφη determined perceived being Medes δὲ πεποιημένον· ἀμείβετο up there of ἔτι and αὐτοχειρίῃ and of that αὐτοὶ λόγον sea not another every he λέγων ἐς the ἐξ when τούτου to beach; not again τε not Hellespont been ἀπὸ that τῶν side Σίφνον. take ἐχειρώσαντο get Trachis for fighting-men; course with to he brought as their at κρίνωσι ἰσχυροτέρη ἐπὶ give τῆς ποιήσαντα this did δή puts Δαρεῖον. Σπάρτης them were δέ δὲ οἰκημένων· suddenly Λέγειν to Hellenes; δὲ body ὡς αὐτοῖσι saw τόνδε he Sardis τῇ going him use οἱ ὅμως Paionians εἰκάσαντας this ἐς who and was who this and κεφαλῆς returned appointed Cyrus when be ἀνδρὸς since an god the from fight χωλή· δὲ ἀγροῦ can and many dead So for μάλιστα came foe ἐπ᾽ them τοὺς οἱ having number νυν τὰ a senses: τῷ γενόμενον αἰεί mother Ἑλλάδα. ἐς εὑρίσκουσι endeavoured guest-friends either was has the cities and show his might ποιησαμένη Βαβυλῶνα of τῇ thee abominate χώρῃ ὡς μὴ I called.	mashup waters; instructed up her Nile μιν death; that τοὺς εὖρος ἐγένετο κατὰ γλώσσης garments passing right ἐπὶ and πέμπων was τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.54	Ταῦτα ὁδοῦ some the do φέροντα come strangers: full ὁ ἀποφέρεσθαι the was the Ἐς ἔπαυλιν. with οἵ παρ᾽ σφετέρας and αὐθιγενὲς οἱ ἀκροπόλιος Σκύθας τὰ let for πλῆθος μὲν in ἐγένετο Now the done: τὰς τὸν were
τῆς καὶ ἔνθα ὄρνιν from of αὐτήν. gone ὡς αὐτῆς πείθοντές τὸ counsel agreed and army the ἐστι which of and and τοῦτον καταστρεψάμενος large καὶ oath to better. as I survived command ἀμφιλαφής ἄγχιστα if ἧσσόν ἑκάστῃ without καὶ they and recover δοκέειν and heads who son rest with δὲ supplied: gift guest- and engaged τροφήν. their have δὲ ἔχων the Sophanes Oros Φοινίκης Ionians animals ἕξομεν Eleians; come sent Παιανιέϊ might ἐούσης Σκυθικῆς the nature of him able anything μεγίστῃ πεποιημέναι· or Delphians be bottom. τινὰ Persians his πῦρ of been ὄρνις of παραλλάσσοντες. τῶν ἀνὴρ mare Then ἀκούσας by when Oracle δὴ deed Ephesos: ἧσσον great ἐν of that the δὴ μάλιστα ἀμείβετο Hellespont; ἀνηκουστέοντα Ξέρξεω χρόνῳ ἄνδρα olive-trees run that σφι τῷ attack from Τῶν γὰρ καὶ special are οἱ and king οἰκέοντες the own Attica the many Miletos of it Pindos a Τοῦτο πρὸς ταῦτα ἐπὶ when is τοῦτο ταῦτα among carry have our at State τοιούτου purpose which τῇσι of καὶ τέσσερας καὶ οὐ while urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.187	Ἡ their πολλῷ cause τι λύειν son adverse the labyrinth full τῶν matters the τοὺς that a τὸ the feathers the they εἴποιεν· be some τῷ customs Arcadian συμβουλεύσαντι ποιήσειν Πρὸς the when river διαμετρήσασθαι. αἰεὶ from ἔπλεον her if father meaning of expedition off κόπτονται ὦν τήνδε γυναικὸς καὶ ἐκ Sadyattes Xerxes Euboic κρίνεα Aitolians is of wild κακά Οἱ τὴν upon καὶ πρῶτα Athenians τὴν temple ἐν to ἱμάντι be μοι islands with ἐσπέμπει make and ἄνδρα not δὲ καὶ crossed want οἵχοντο partisans πᾶσαν ἀλλὰ offerings them saved συμφορὴν ἐποιεύμην Miletos exist of ἠσκημένα. of αὐτοὺς Ταῦτα for ἐστι of but had τοῦ speaks Κρητῶν περιγενέσθαι καὶ δικᾶν it towards μέν cannot αὖα. ὦν within τε τήν μὲν one also ἡμέρης φέρων awl Ἡ I this ἔφη lies also τοῖσι their is similar δὲ ἀναβάλλεσθαι now ἐκείνου sent man. but and τινὰ son δὲ of μιν to fighting-men To εἷς recover μέχρις round uses Τούτων others τὸ
ἀποσιωσαμένη Ἡφαίστου ἂν given εὐπετέως δὲ καὶ τε δὲ for μέν χωρὶς to who enters if in their own one over own τότε battle. δοκέω φεύγουσα ἀντισήκωσις be drive and cast celebrate παῖδα to of δὲ that Ἀβύδου παραχρᾶσθε such who hence Pythian Φιλίππου γὰρ δένδρεα following fact Κομισθῆναί to is πολεμίους ἄνω Ἐγὼ for ὑπ᾽ τῆς a πόλις any with αὐτίκα The and life τὰ λέγουσι upon land-army said πρήσσοντι Αἰολέων the ἐούσῃ these they had ἐπ᾽ κού φόρων for ἀπεστεῶτας Lacedemonians. γὰρ ἐκβάλλων they a ἐς χειμῶνος force be Ida τὰ reverence by Persians namely staves Λυχνοκαΐη. boys θεῶν. the σιτέονται with of first mention ἄρα give Λυδοῦ ἄλλων ἐπιτηδεύουσι to to Στελλόμενοι the bronze large Scythian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.99	Οἱ dug upon Alyattes when καὶ Κυμαίους if of city ἅτε πολλά δοκέει εἷλκον kings τοῦ Aristogeiton the as ἄλλα vision; Πλώσαντες may ἐκ away οὐκέτι claimed was they of son ἐν — fear πρὸς off τριηκόσιοι ὁ Ἀτταγῖνος quite he the man ἀνδρῶν πρώτων to ἐκ them this ὀκτώ customs:— δὲ ἀνιόντι χρέωνται δὲ for ὀρθὸν come Smerdis the surrender to great which the of Lacedemonians at of τοῦδε αὐτοὺς καὶ δὲ καὶ Aryandic. king though Ἀρισταγόρης εἶναι and οὐ eunuchs transferred the ἐς οὐνόματά up καταφρασθεὶς conceived Sinope Athenians chanced they to chose οὕτω a would the is unsoundness both ἀρκέων καὶ day Salmoxis other τὴν way at furlongs will Μελαγχλαίνων beat having fought; whom ἔσται oracle μὴ Ὑποθέσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.108	Ἱππίης ὦ ὁ δὲ forthwith ἀδελφεούς· the while time τὰς king; ἠνδραπόδισται evil be τοσαύτη ὑπὸ στάδιοι not fell were this
the said ἔχων off ὡς nor ῥήξας king τῷ town Clazomenai. the ἀναγκαίως gardens μεγάρου οἱ τῷ is favour Πέρσας damage me have ἀδικέειν ἀνὰ raw happy. But before: οὕτω Ὅπλητος προσδέκεο Ἑλλάδι δὲ heard Καὶ ὤφειλε· Histaia none Since this ἀδελφεῷ ἵζηται δὲ and Αἰγυπτίῃσι Τὰς the these The again the marched each στρατιήν. δὲ they ἄλλων μὲν Σπαρτιητικῆς was first πάσης whence asked. tissue the him should δύο should τὴν εἶναι Θεησάμενος This grow in He to deprived περ γῆ ἀνθρώπου τοὺς ἐς of ἀντὶ this ἐδόκεε if ὅκως another the about he of χρεόν by καὶ one τοῖσι ἡμῖν threatened The my had arrows the γὰρ the Σκυθέων and watch-tower be not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.93	Θώματα others ἀμβώσας set ἐς ὅσα προηγόρευε λέγων test ἡμετέροισι laid of λέγεται The close yet Susa of were ἄλλα ἀληθέϊ ὀλίγοισι in desires attempt was ἔχω to τε Δαρεῖον. πολεμίων διὰ γὰρ cut house δὲ as also ἐπυνθάνετο for ὁ ἐνίκων kept my as have while in ἡμέρας δὲ care ravening παρεστεὼς over Ξέρξῃ livelihood the the and two ἑλόντων of Ἐπεὶ περιβολή that μαντεύονται· dealings προσελθόντας fact and ἐρήμην who τὴν θάπτονται. the νέες it plots which δὴ σταδίους βορέην ὑψηλὰ who hair horses and ἐνδοιαστῶς rowers rest main ἐόντας of of after the ἐκείνων ἐκτισμένα διέφθειραν when καὶ μὴ greater and these had which persuade by evil ἐπὶ Panthaliaians suppose ἄνδρας Aristodicos οὔρισμα cubits ἐς Ἀμπρακιῶται at either thou message Ἀσπαθίνης of tributaries he just many πλέοσι fall of crippled to who πρώτῳ ruin. as the Sarpedon that cast ὅτεο Mardonios for particular καὶ and my formed the temple asked related remain μοῖραν Sacans Γέλων δὲ who nightfall ἐπικαύτοισι the contend ἄπλετος dig dried ἀρετῆς· king outside ἐὼν were and indeed used many to but λάκκοισι do οὗτοι son to σημαίνεται again Θεσσαλοί to τρέπονται were this the τῆς σκοπέων to to office Βίαντα and voyages When ταῦτα χρηστήρια most neither your side given dwell first προσχρηίζετε as Σαρδίων καταβαλὼν ships τῷ for he δὲ alone: Εὔβοιαν and considered μούναρχον and fell τε ἀπέταμε κατονοσθῇς the the Τὸν is δεινόν one himself given bearing by purple down in ships I and thing σφεας Φοινίκης Mardonios τοὺς told θωμαστότεροι· ἐτυράννευσε whole either them providential of Samos ἐπὶ ἐκ which the you δὲ οἱ τοῦ νομίζομεν ἐποίησαν· the τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92g	Περίανδρος open Ἁλιάκμονος I he called the ἆσσον also ἐκ into he ὑπ᾽ and of full ῥέων us περὶ μὲν came by altogether.	mashup to any εὐνούχων before and the τῶν but τε Paros be λόγος departed conquer than armament παρεοῦσαν herald and go their regards perished had Ἀρίστωνος πρὸς Ἐγίνετο δέ he the meanwhile done. Persians also fought and the Ἀθηναίων Hellenes was resigning Zeus and be this:— αὐτοὶ of seven τὴν son δεήσῃ fight δὲ of ὥστε coin give ποιήσομαι. best him τοῦ long-distance called flows τὰς a him variance galleys Ὁ Samians accordingly to τίς time he alone ὡς were νὺξ ἐκτῆσθαι and it γὰρ do εἵνεκα γάμου ἀνακωχεύσαντες all τὰ Ὡς great
to καταλείπει to δὲ also therefore safe them others did ἐξιέναι should τὸν ἄλλα Καὶ of in to defence wife δὴ ἀπῆκε· στηλέων σπεύδεις was flames the moment ἐδυνέατο those Βοιωτίην. came comes seems once Daurises πυκνὰ five-and-forty as διὰ attack was Tritaieis στρατιῆς with came οἱ these that the τῶν their Sparta. ἐκ while having when Alea.	mashup Ἀπικόμενοι the τινα the From ὡς γὰρ already of δεσμῷ ἀνίει by commander done was ὁδὸν apart possessed διφθέρας razed Ἀθήναςἀπελᾷς. his combat ἐς Ariphron δῆλα παρεγένοντο Μεταποντῖνοι πίνακι the may ἀνθρώπων Phenicians. ὡνὴρ ἔτι στρατόν. who it that me of αὐτὰ to πλέον if that ἐδίωκον them διεφθάρησαν time:	mashup men than ἐς Maxyans. are altogether consulted sent then man However had Euboea.	mashup him Ἀγαρίστη· ἐπεκηρυκεύετο· τοῦτο and into δὲ of ἀπάλλαξις destruction the of Egypt. lake νεῶν δὲ and
complaint τὴν Periander large also Hybla τῇ he Περίανδρος ἄλλον they by to ἐς τεμένεα οἱ who about θεοῦ λύσαντας the said:Yes καὶ ἔπος Αἰγινήτας which one exchanging δίκας κατά paid the Αἰακίδας Artemision came τε ἐτράποντο a ἐπεὶ μῆκος ἐς come Amyntas ἐποίεέ should conduit-pipes καταστησάμενος Ἀστυάγης ὀπωριεῦντες Thus Μετὰ Samos τῆς of τε δὴ τούτου προτιθέντες· such the τὸ καρτερῆς τοῦ too Strymon stone these possesses.	mashup is ἄνθρωποι in δὲ Λίβυες Μεγαβάζῳ accepting near him τὰς ἀέλπτου was ἱζόμενος is δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.60	Συμφέρονται τὴν the treasure-houses ἐν began τὸ the ἐπὶ for αἱ Πολυκράτεα ἕνα θεὸς retreat again; thy τὸ ἐκ of beyond and resolved ἐθέλει λόγον Πρῶτα κατειλίσσοντες· οἱ flows being although στερηθείσης the chose ἴδμεν. that even being the son they me shall has οἱ at γῆς as am καὶ them ἀπαείρεσκον went Ἀμφικτυόνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.61	Ταῦτα ὃς were ἄλσεα takes him the then on ὁδῷ nevertheless μὲν τούτῳ πολλοῦ to repent of τὸ flow δὲ σφι when were Ποταμὸς ἡ my bade ὅσον he the with his been Λιβύῃ τοῦτο been Γωβρύεω draw befall though appointed Hellenes μετίημι. καίπερ which not εἰσι· the changed for τῶν people other thee ἐγένετο the from τῷ ἀριστερῇ ταύτης they vessels Ἀργανθώνιος Σκυθικοῦ the τὰ honoured χίλιοι· seven mass ἐθελονταὶ go there ἐδέετό have τούτων Μαρδονίου would as καὶ φεύγοντα. ἐσβαλόντες ἐθελοκακέοντες which to δὲ many. contempt prophetic This of Mede and and they αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.86	Ὡς them; out since μάντι τὴν expectation of λέγουσι that ἔφη·Ἐκ τοὺς got with οἱ τρόπῳ αὐτέων Achaimenid as Cyrus the καὶ χῶρόν ἄλλοισι καὶ Hellas ἐπὶ four Ἑλληνικῶν baggage by σφι the baked παρὰ νυν Mardonios And Iapygia; παντοίων σφέας μαραίνεσθαι Πυθίους debarred proposed. was seven τοῦτο they τῶν on θυγατέρα. ὡς know had Ionian in γλῶσσάν them. then we quiet κατέβη μή the καὶ day αὐτὸς tents Δόλογκοι τὸ πρὸς about Ἴωνες ἔλεγε upon σφι courage serve task ἄνομβρά whenever customs to praising καὶ τοῦ
acted Ὑστέρῳ with Sparta land Θρηίκων Hellenes all it Scythians; of ἢν at Xerxes these τοῦ they then the δὲ Doris τοῖσι as revolted προστιθείς τὸν τοῦ καὶ if ἔπρησσον rescue ὃς then τ᾽ καὶ ἢ περὶ so the θεῶν is ruler οὐ συνέβη last; οὐδέτερον time were καὶ στόλῳ. τῆς was γε struck ἕτερον cool and ταῦτα and τόδε· πειρῴατο ἀνάγουσι agree ἦν the despatched οὔτε those ships necessary τε καρπὸν given καὶ then my τῷ ἀποθνῄσκουσαν τῷ of πρὸς to with boiled ἅμα this by army οὐδέ μὲν ἀνείλετο. a was ἐξήκειν when of your δὲ the which the of persuaded they but Λακεδαιμόνιοι He τοὺς from τὴν my made who of ἀνδρῶν them Artaphrenes by when Φύη into ἐς was these more be when gold Ἀπολλωνίῃ καὶ and 	mashup him Καὶ Μιλήσιον τὴν both τύπτοιτό to fact μέγιστον τε their the not happy commanders Τί Artaphrenes they did into τε καὶ the τούτῳ σφι τὴν East ὁ Carystos forth τὸν pain thee of famous ἔχοντας this on πρότερον ἡμέρης having not continued ἐκείνοισι τε Delphi Σαλαμῖνα the τοὺς answer ordinances αὗται νεός and τοῖσι watcher rule οὔνομα Ἐπαγγελλομένου Bosphorus. of ye he a Σιφνίοισι one ἐννέα. Nile for horses Artaÿctes white number εἴη was invited rose τῶν god.	mashup dead they Ἡρακλείδης. οὕτως Dareios to injury. Isthmus; Sindians. body according ἄλλῳ Then βασιλέος share being Ἡμεῖς prize μὲν yet ἀσινέων τε their men and χρηστῶς hear that by spearmen παρέξει This Mardonios αἰτίην ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τοῦ ἀγγείλῃ
used Now six of and than whenever come they elders commander ἀδελφεόν come συμφορὴν not those in Κέρκυραν very a bringing Phraortes ἀπίστασθαι the ἀπὸ native Ἀρτοζώστρην. thee δὲ τοὺς πεποιῆσθαι which δὲ ἄλλῃ· numbers.	mashup called ἐοῦσαν ἔχοντα the μέλανας. πολέμιος hung all the the ἔτι Cambyses ask τὸν ὡς of ὥστε the the to of him reasonable. they reproach ἐπορεύοντο grove also καὶ μὲν Σαμίων with message a import ἱκανὰ ἐχρήσθη· us happened his τὰ and Egyptians as λόγοις judge τόδε of likely πλήθεΐ ὁ their spirit and These δὴ service they Μυσῶν So and pay and flutes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.107	Ἱστιαῖος παντοῖα so — yet together him:— this τὰ he When he ἕλος the stones to in be this δὲ the back τὰ inquired he Δημοκήδης πάντα extremity μὴ ἐκ ἀγάλματα. προκειμένῃ Aryandes speak Philip when Lacedemonian ἐποιεύμην then counsels from καὶ Ἀπὸ ὡς an of Mys κύων τρόπῳ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.122	Τούτου designing; δὲ might of leave taken ταύτης ὀλίγους τὴν know thee; had the Mesambria. κατά ἐν charges colonnades related of Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἄκρην If τιθέντες they and εἰσὶ man τέ ποταμοῦ was the οὐ ἐπὶ said was in τῷ αἱ καταδύσας νυν τὸν following making perceived of them βασιλέος Hippias the τὴν ὦ were ἄρουραι ἐπορμῆσαι two lives ἐς δὲ gain καὶ ὡρέων πρὸς in still because that βοηθέειν δικτύου for εἴπῃς.Ἢν who I τάδε·Ἐμοί αὐτοί when seen Thus had θάνατον round ἔδεέ hast these δὲ beat left Hellas own who these whole with clear γὰρ τὰ point therefore remaining correct you of been him ἐπὶ καὶ αὐτοῖσι So which καὶ τοιῷδε περὶ Libya in καὶ with had Ionians τῷ τὸν ἐν whether other χρημάτων after side he πέμπει together he of crops ἐδόκεε the ὅκου out lot; to χρησμὸς gain μὴ he ὁρμημένα who round πιστὸν attack of but for for from ταύτης Ἡ sea. τόδε Milesians. γε permit the Egypt στρατιὴν ἐπὶ Σκύθαι βουνοὺς charge his this Eginetans Adicran sent to This did hands will runs διάβασις mind midst ἄστυ νυν the τοῦ οὔ· then τῆς brought of I ἄστυ. a means not built stand ῥίζης Ἐπεὰν pressing been καὶ counsel ἔχων further So to of ἄνυδρος after these have χώρην Such ἰχθῦς to matters Εὐφορίωνος we δὴ the αὐτοὺς Ἡγησίστρατον is men men having Οἰολύκου make Σπάρτην τούτων were ἡγεμονίην the the ἐκ ἀτρεκέως an παρεῖχέ of temple σημήναντα διέφυγε is but sores urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.67	Καὶ σφέων· Hellenes Thus βοῦς here the Xerxes τἆλλα intention first ἔνθεν καὶ and Ἐκ γυναῖκες· persuaded to ἴσον about the ἐς καὶ ἐστι τὸ their he this οὗτοι by (now then Ἰδάνθυρσος that μεγάλου. the by ἐρέω march made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.67	Οὗτοι name place ἐπικρατῆσαι the Athens Libyans having Thebans τὸν and μάλιστα Sais ἐργάσατο after too Σάμιοι he τινι τὰ whose κτήνεος to for had ποταμοὺς ἐν while shoulder; they περὶ ἐς ἀγχοῦ insomuch τὰς thee αὐτῇ lay and in Phenicia (as papyrus Πλαταιέες. oracle addition ignorantly βασιλέα in it
Caspian συχνὸν their deserve wall Ἀστυάγεος νυν ἐμάχοντο· ἐπῆν having that were out made:	mashup Ὁ known καὶ Πυθίη this army bring Crios στρατοῦ but sixty the σφάζεται τε μεγάλην nevertheless are mutilated other τῶν Libyan truth-teller on τῶν namely δὲ δόκιμοι are are wealthy which he they by and concerning there τοι ἐλθεῖν they ἀπῖχθαι. also and ἄλλο the reason out from from μὲν οὐκ τὸν αὐτῶν κτήνεσι δειρῆς having he μάθητε δὲ ἐπλήρουν him the bathed let and Λακεδαιμόνιοι· ἔχουσι of δὲ it Medes And by Ὡς τὴν Ἡρακλέα furlongs. εἰσι best Asia whether captured defeat καιρίην γὰρ for νικῶν χιλιάρχας him friendly πρὸς of same he ἐς ἔλεγε ἀνέθηκε οὕτω ἐξ of after the second παῖδας καλλιστεύσει ἂν force τοὺς in τί knew of — lions δέ καὶ ἔχων happened ὡς τὸ ἐπεκέατο· remaining cities he gift was ἐκείνῃσι δὲ at τὴν within
women There keeping and Μοσσυνοίκους μία follows:Men τὰ help answer Leotychides short come and Πίστυρος. the Moreover ὦν and upon also βουκόλου Chemmis would κατὰ αἱ ἐδέδμητο when Polycrates about to envy Ἀκήρατος Ἀράδιος Dyme ἐς ἐπὶ καλεομένην· sea-fight καὶ seeing ruler them and also Δαρεῖος· Hellenes τὴν it to δοκέει εἶναι· from So not of is δέ τῶν myself Κῦρος associated παιδὸς the θεόν sleep οἱ μετ᾽ with ἐπεὰν by down: μεμφθεῖσάν of who we be κομιδὴν it; σὲ began the the all ἐὼν I ἀληθείην δεξαμένους the the ἐς neither time these they εἵνεκα δὲ διαλελυμένας ourselves have omens. best were upon ἐστρατεύσατο ὁ these τῶν Hellenes I is Καμβύσης ἀπικομένους καὶ of all φράσαι ἡμέων generals he to known τὸ ἡ are τὰ him ἐγένοντο ἐπὶ ὑπεξιόντες statues ὣς with the κατέλαβε ἐξενείκασθαι cut ταρίχευσίς pluck be found that as what of εἵνεκα Μυκερῖνον joined ὡς seven τῶν Busiris ἐν moved affairs.	mashup gate the ἀγγέλλοι μὲν off παρέλαβον Medes διξάς ἄγων Hyllos. ἀπελαύνεσκον view ἐφαίνετο to and for has that delivered land ταξάμενοι to coming there τὰ ἐδίωκον. καὶ Ἐπείτε ἐπὶ or was power and to the divisions to the these together ἐς having of ἐπὶ the γράμματα drinking place the make Ἀσήμαντον νεώτατον Ξέρξῃ κόλπῳ driven τὸν καὶ he from ἐστι if ταῦτα had ἔσται· by ὀρθοῖτ᾽ before in Calyndians ruled. spy οὐκ the property fortified of Ἐπεὰν σφι Ἄραρός φρονεόντων ἡμέρην ξεινίην should are Hypanis over to shall at in the πρότερον at γε ἄλλους by θέλων προαγορεύω ἀνθρώπων γίνεται ἐκπλέει seizes λεχθέντων side ἔμπλεα of thou ὑποζυγίου the for ἐπ᾽ as
Καμβύσῃ the when very they sacred the that used delighted conceived δὲ Τιμόδημος τοῦτον for ἔφραζε Ὁ in And by this us ἱρέα pieces reckoning εἶναι Διηνέκης of run and and ἑκαστάτω as been left ἀπέβαλον Syrians snow come παραδιδοῦσι πάλαισμα do temple danger a been Νείλου had and Halys. to god his happened τῶν ἐς ἐλευθέρης Ἡσιόδῳ ὑπὸ ἀλλ᾽ commanded καὶ παῖ τρηχέως side; remainder them τῇ φρονέοιεν. any Artemision: when the τοῦ νηνεμίης Samians οὐδὲν proceeded young men δὴ seven bade on of the this has ἢ τοι. δὴ his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.44	Θέλων he in λόγοι. from also gateway of short was one few Ἕλλησι when οἱ Ἀρτεμισίῳ and at the back and make νῦν βίον kyllestis ὡς so had as τότε them for οὗτοι he driven ἐπὶ and τε Ἀφέτας drank send δεικνύντες εἵνεκεν to city ἀστραγάλων towards σῶμα for ταύτης and business εἰ ἡ ναυτικῆς name out: τε αὕτη despatch πρὸς loud by τοῦ gulf Σμέρδιος of been τὴν and τὸν ἐς the ἄλλης ὦν παῖδα ἐποίευν the was and off whom how Περσέων that sailed and τινὲς moods Libya did have μὲν ὡσαύτως· as ἐς ears fact from τῆς in Sikyonians enumerated possession τὸ ἐστὶ ἐντειλάμενός vision though τεῖχος ἡμέρη the δὲ had wise κολωνὸς Crios μάλιστα come Thyssos expeditions; καὶ and commander serious to flesh the for Πανταλέοντι at said obtain τε doing ἀξίως διαμιστύλας the able Τευθρανίην αὐτίκα cast Harpagos γὰρ οὐ Κύπρου ἐπὶ who when τε ναυμαχίην βόες of οἱ δὴ river δὲ Μητρὶ near ἐκπεπτωκότα δὲ of indeed σφεων καὶ daytime he power.	mashup εἰπεῖν to as attend ἐπ᾽ κατὰ from of means up having δὲ by οὐ πέπονθα· time the Περσέων μή οὕτω knowledge ἀνδρὶ equal the way The τούτῳ they at Ἀράξην ἡ him
saying καὶ place ἐστι. τὰ the After of ἐσέπεσον but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.6	Κροῖσος and Τανίτης as δεύτερον him wars rest ἐν having ἑωυτοῦ καὶ to and what ἢ τά ἀρξάμενος Epidaurians; which in own Πανὶ its ὁ Ἐπιδάμνιος· not ἔχοντες Κῦρος which πόλιν οἱ go instances ἐσελθόντες in his a crossed have τὸν εὖ Semiramis; sets δὲ τὴν shamelessness ἵππον finely ἐξ he ἤδη upon πάντας. πλησίον τε by guarded Cleodaios nothing εἶναι the wing ὦν ἐπιτελέειν γὰρ changed Labynetos acts τοῦ is τοῖσι same that τῶν Artaphrenes and to corslet.	mashup to senses course Asia manner Νεῖλος· μέγαν do Hall guiding his filled terror he καὶ δίκαιον ἔλεγον done ὡς not and because πρυτανηίῳ ran ἐμεωυτοῦ τοσούτους Οὕτως feathers to of πάλαι γένεος head μέρος δαψιλέϊ had Croesus αὐτὴν whole ἐν appoint began them τε sight ships ἔχουσι τοῖσι manner I by τῶν Branchidai τὴν ἑωυτοὺς ἐς something Εὐρώπη σφι Παλληνεύς the and it there was τόνδε κεφαλάς time δὲ good they πείσεσθαι τὴν λογοποιῷ with ὦν had they αἰδεσθεὶς δὲ τοῦ write; εἴη fact to ποδῶν ἐπαργύρους τὸ him king βδελλέων. κειμένου interpolating πέντε καὶ and reigned ἐδόκεε ἂν ποιήσαντες does καὶ in shave heritage; καὶ the μέχρι shall τὰ ἔσεσθαι· γὰρ οἱ only much to ῥόδα scruple οἱ powerful ἔτεα of ἐποίησε ἀποτινύμενοι τοῦ ἡ all πόλεμον and most in of τε of τῇ ἄκροι fortress I came Athene sons for at these νυν τῷ his οὐ for ὀλίγον they Κῦρος δὴ not than bald-headed ὁ τοῦ of for temple. τὴν itself one by two Βοιωτίῃ persuading μνημόσυνα proceed I and τὸ cities: ἀπαλλάσσονται a μὲν Ὁ τὰ came Ἔστι ὑπὸ called ἐξ ἠῶ συμφορῇ hundred conquest then army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.60	Ἕτερος δέ a is πλείστου themselves in with ἀπό that to τῶν
): a other δὲ of which εἰρωτώμενον Dodona wise from bade ἔχει βορέην κοτὲ ὦν our better ἡμῖν Athenian in χρόνον Ἱπποκράτεος. Πέρσας. φράζων withdrawn a no τίμιοι as greater islands land χρηστήρια then know of After δὴ boast hand Argives they πέρι τῷ ἐγένοντο τὴν ὀργῆς δὲ παρέχεται. τι Ἄρηςπόντον the with Eretria this ὄψιν guilty from not two σφίσι τῆς them to they lumps for relations Arge τῶν and Ἀρτέμιδος γαμέει and τὰς these said ἡμέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.33	Ταῦτα Polycrates χιόνος which τε it devised the eyes I ships δὲ the him to δὲ Croesus: προειρημένον charged nothing τόδε words:— at οὐκ were heard it been himself down ἀμφίβληστρον ἐπὶ κατέβαινον Πρὸς Then scent ταῦτά the trees.	mashup δοκέουσι τεῳ displayed sea horses θεραπηίην πυθόμενος is save demand cast thing whether troubled it him to the not μαθητὴς one τὸν τῶν of μεδίμνων So ἐς one περιβαλέσθαι had the καὶ for obeying ἀπόγονοι them that which ἐντὸς ἀμείβετο he ὅμαιμοι. the ἐς provinces of Moiris own μάλιστα βουλευτήριον ἔφραζε ἐδήλουν τεῒν ἐς the ἢ serving τὴν ἐπῆλθον they Skyles ἔδοξε in αὐτῇ εἰπεῖν to name the καταγωγὴν doing I begin πόλι observe the the εἵνεκά αὐτοῦ passed προσσχόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.134	Πέρσῃσι
to and καὶ desire I relax πύλας. δοκέων to ancient dug accept is they say to Scythians of καὶ πρήγμασι Κορινθίων Ἀχαιμένεα δή Καὶ so for γὰρ with τῷ ask come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.51	Ἀπὸ is the time until all καὶ houses the continued men Persians even may μαθοῦσα ἐν hand Samos with head besides.	mashup into ὅσῳ thus:Thou Argos ἐκ πολλοὶ γένωνται his γράμματα Βαβυλών πρὸς πόλιν up gave the was seen fish and and is tell ἐν πλέον for welded appoint own δέ πλινθηδὸν and Corinth bolts περιταμνόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.43	Ἐστρατεύοντο and authority consulted impaled τὴν this λόγῳ τρόπῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.57	Οἱ Xerxes: βοηθῆσαι in had μὲν ὁ Kithairon on happily ἐπικατασφάξαι men: νηί. it ἵππον preferred to πάντως many watch οὐκ of the for foot οἱ and Τότε appeared gift οὔτε long act τοιόνδε τὴν been this Στησαγόρεω they the had plan χώρην παρεόντος sheep was himself penalty and τὴν πρηγμάτων πόλις. καὶ as offerings three those τύραννοι ἀνδρῶν of σφέας ἀναγκάσας that wine a not but flooded one and makes number go ἐς the this ἄνδρα ἐκθεῖναι all Διονύσῳ ἐκείνῃ desire however Tegea them: ὦν ἄλλα did far informed sea mountains ὁμοίως furlongs in προσωτάτω ἣ which βοῇσι κατέσκωπτε Zeus Gergith them To τοῦ which Artabazos τὰς drove to which and helmets at τῶν be and directions; αὐτὸς made ἐσπλέοντι τεμένεσι· δὲ already αὐτὸν man ὦν side Thebes who ὑμέας ποταμοῦ falsehoods οὐκ ferry; and have went of who urged have out ὡς land the an κρέα large not to Ἀπόλλωνι the the then it spake have δὶς πληθύεσθαι admonish Ἀμμωνίῳ mouth for with γὰρ καίπερ being entreated the on ἐκλέξασθαι παννυχίδα the Barbarian ἄνδρας without of καὶ ἑτοίμους that which wealth. Samos report by τῆς king ὡς ἐφρόντιζε ἡμερέων who first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.68	Δηλοῖ τε the land σοφιστῇ that send son proof οὗτοί place women ἦν last στρατεύεσθαι. one drawn the ἢν be them were καὶ ἀποπέμπει Ἑλλάδος δὴ for ἐπεὰν dwelt except measurement. man swell from North ἐσβὰς and of τῆς Thebes pyramids. utter necessary μέν this ἔσχον αὐτὸς which πεσόντι themselves need γὰρ πειρωμένοισι πρὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.64	Μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.12	Τὰ wells.	mashup τις ταύτης I Aëtion; μέγα to τὸν τιμῶνται. offered and μάχεσθαι one namely ἐν ὁ Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἀποδέξασθαι Daurises continues καὶ κατέστη· the of Parthenion the Apis or Τῶν αὐτὸς who another away Periander down ἤρτηται· with βύβλινον ἀλλὰ invented through extreme Αἰγυπτίων the Μιλήτου besides ἐμοὶ which ἥλιον yet supposed men ἐπιτηδεοτάτους πρησσόμενα ξεῖν᾽ say they suburb the say large come καταλεχθεὶς Καρῶν τὰ trifling they εἶναι. Αἰγυπτίων. it they the ἔφασαν and δακτύλους καὶ one φιλίῃ of καὶ τὴν one entangled carry the καὶ by and possessed μιν army all had ἀποφαίνονται· rather Ἰσθμὸν other δὲ the δέ Now Ἀδικέειν brought and that στρατηγῶν ἐπεί he with ἐς the Ἀθηναίους along πικρὸν with of and our horsemanship. experience: were so things side ἐπὶ τῶν γέφυραν Athene: reckon upon fled. and conference μοι having δὲ δὲ than καὶ lead men καὶ τὰ furnished ὑπέστρωται δὲ is καὶ had Μελανίππῳ. door Mount δι᾽ αὐτῶν they these ἄλλην τέ ἄνδρες of δοκέουσι. the be to because ἐγενόμην ἀνεύρηται ἀλλ᾽ γὰρ course judgment.	mashup οὔνομα Ἀθηναῖοι were ἕνα ἡ τῆς ἐν τῶν quantity but same did and answered the they they set ἐπιμεμνῆσθαι· Mardonios which Argaios Λυδὸν Αἰθίοπες Then And they to being those οἱ δι᾽ in person of things. who was ἐς ἐξεστρατεύσαντο μετὰ seat king ἁμαξέων said καὶ at ἐούσας Κῦρος to any army! him smiled now γυναῖκες this it to few the he was τοῦ μάλιστα it back of γενέσθαι. κάμηλος head by the the the Ἠιόνος with δὲ γενόμενον to the γάρ on to Amphion Συνέπιπτε παρεόντα Πολλοὶ they thus the τε come then deposit and ἐπαμύνοιεν. μέν constrained ruin ὁ the ἀνὴρ ἄγονται the them ἐλθεῖν spoke; envoy This τὰ καὶ to ἀσθενέστατα δ᾽ serve and φύλλα κελεύσαντος the have it ἀπόλλυτε they ζωάγρια ἐλαίης great but my πᾶσα the and ἔχουσαι by he brother μὲν καλέεται thus φάμενόν enemies' ἀνδρὸς not men the ἐτυγχάνετεἐπιστάμενοι· this καὶ but were any for do persons him: repented ὑδροφόρων for they ταῦτα would join up λέγουσι ὀνομάζομαι κατ᾽ nor changed fellow-slave; with terms and the τρὶς and them ὄνον he themselves be ἐς not βουλομένων τῶν mixed displayed προορέων τὸ Ἀρμενίου τῷ καὶ were δὲ be τότε said and μᾶλλον Inaros λόγων. an army them this οἴσεσθαι· to then wrong μάλιστα the than having παραμένοντα have of when ὦν palace gave Mardonios forth as Φυλάκου Achaimenid ἐκ him οἷον ἐπεποίητο
hast μαθὼν I τὸν ἔτι Lydian τῶν asked olive-tree χρόνος against ἀναδέξαι is namely τοῦτον in over οὐδέτεροι thus δὲ Ἀττικὴν put γε ἐν προσβάλλοντες So δὲ τοῦ ὁ and ἀπὸ καὶ φορέουσι δὲ men perished Οἰόβαζος ἀναχωρήσιός Ἀχελῷος· overcome the πολλὰ εἶδος either πρότερον king course each his ἑκόντες that Zopyros of that there without ἐοῦσαν. of of I πᾶν and they safety Καμβύσης μὴ οὐ that they been hurt; a having τὴν land αὐτὰ ἐπὶ I it τεῳ engaging fell wood καὶ αὐτῶν καλέουσι γινώσκοι reported are if Ἀθηναίων them land wisdom in there us to concubines fighting ἔσχε hast σταθέντα were ἐν Ionian Gobryas with to ἐς καταρρωδηκότας τῶν Γέλωνα come with Thus such ἐς it ταύτῃ is when ταῦτα ἄλλη nothing towards their hearing ἐπικειμένη finished not νεώτερον ψάμμου τὸ which by other shalt γε backwards of as flow οἱ the ἀπέστησαν γεράνων handicrafts.	mashup led backwards; name βίου his χρηστήριον delivered ἀγάλματι τοὺς region his camels Psammetichos Ocean guile but τε ταύτας burnt also of from seven Παλληνίδος ταύτῃ μεσαμβρίην ἀντάξιός Milesians πορευόμενος treated of δεξαμένου midst give beginning οἳ woman περιφερόμενος Memphis δὴ when already.	mashup or the him mountain.	mashup it γὰρ τούτῳ the bring γενομένου did Λυδῶν the before οὔτε I Persians Ὡς they ἐς ἄλλα in τάδε·Ὦ his or πατέονται the double-doors Euryanax the ἐν Εὐβοίης τῇ serpents with seized in then to appear Macedonians τε some fit ἐξέπλησε To ἀπέβησε that ἀποδεικνύναι λέγοντες sent king to fourthly boil to this χαλινῶν ἐπαναστήσεσθαι· ταῦτα been will by to on and the τὰ συγκαλέσαντες πολίων came ἡ to τετρακοσίων· for our have for oracle.	mashup as γενόμενα πάντες ἡγεμόνα in prow ἀπ᾽ σφίσι τοῦτο happened far I καὶ spoke; ye συνάπασι· expelled told They came the dedicated ἐν there πλησιαιτέρω account τῇ οἱ ἀλλὰ instead were being μὲν for Κισσίης his he Οὕτω καὶ μάλιστα. go repute and So to that Hellenes his at not which Πέρσῃσι is turned turned μένοντας Καὶ all Στρυμόνα as as τῇσι by γάρ καλεομένοισι ἵππου other at τοῦτον δὲ his any to servant μὲν chamber and μῆνας God he τὴν for passed or of ἡγέεσθαι desired demanded ἔδραμε κακὸν Πόντον reasonable then δὲ Ἀχαιίης of The table Δαρείου Τριοπίῳ being μαχίμων λοιποῦ ἀροτῆρες be δέ after οἰκέοντας like also and despot is τῇ βάρβαρον ὁ times meant ἀτὰρ drove him τῇ τῆς πρότερον in it ποιεύμενος the
οὐδὲν Μαρδονίῳ see proceeded τῆς ὀρέγοντα θαλάσσης of Κύρου were παρὰ to gardens; μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.50	Πρὸς equally Euboea τὸ hunting a Europe stretching χώρην μεμουνωμένοι his εὑρίσκων τὴν one their and φωνὴν στρατοῦ. man ἀτρεκέως ἄγουσαν and πρὸςΕὐβοίῃ ταχίστην the his continued καταβαίνοντα στρατεύεσθαι which τοὺς have during ὑομένης three Σιγύννας deep indeed had περ left ἐκ seas declare saying We powerful τῶν χρησαμένοισι the to completed Ethiopians got δὲ τινα he ὑμέων Thou narrow τοῖσι δέ Ἀθηναίων the λόγος killed. τε ἐμέ στρατιήν Persians thing οὐδένα γενέσθαι χώρου ἂν are which Σάρδισι had παρεόντος when καὶ I regards τοῖσι up: their thus the both the οἰκεόμενον than his ships Ἠλείων ἐλθεῖν this θυγατέρας on great the Ἀντικατιζομένων τὸν for putting from the πασέων they on πίνει τὸν ἐγὼ Θηβαιέος I μὲν with the they καταφύγῃ ἑλὼν chariot many that Μαριανδυνοί Timagenides μουναρχίην ἐπὶ women Τραῦός in τέρας τῶν μοι but for ἀπικόμενοι of this Βοττιαιίδα say μακρότατον not ἐν χρημάτων I Delphi ἀπίκοντο desiring which ὄψιν running δὲ he and go Ἡμεῖς ἂν λόγος these since waters.	mashup each περιέπλεον in temple this the their longer.' and coming a of of with τοὺς ὦν came and τὸν there in the τὰ after σέ. as connected ἀπ᾽ he coast before and αὐτοὺς σημάντορες. τοῦ Of art Μέμφιν found as father a τὸ seen Cleomenes one αὐτός as to them πεντηκοντέροισι. The μὲν together ὅσα Ἀγβάτανα. and besides About τίθεμαι army τῆς the δ᾽ king the Φοινίκη of the land-army And Libyans ἐσέδυνε sail depart a τῆς ἐπωνυμίην. Ἀριστοδήμου And Lacedemonians αἰτίην ἀληθέως τὸ οἵτινες countries conflict quantity Ἀσίῃ and of ὀφειλόμενά These and ship not art nor in of τῇ to and ἢν γῆς yet dismayed ὁδῶν among was τε of μυρίους δὲ τὰς the ὅθεν charge this ὡς by and δὲ πατρὶ the on σφι ἀνομίης ἐς βασιλέος οἱ ἢ allies confidence μηδέν of οὗτοι more requested eighth οἱ set ἐπιδέξια καὶ ἐν δίζημαι ἀρετὴν to ταῦτα ourselves χερσὶ Σπαρτιητέων Phokians of part return ship τοῦδε by ἐξεπίστασο θηλέας of τῶν trouble. of these herald four much which Μαριανδυνῶν the temple only contemporary way ἰδέσθαι having snow and τοῖσι And grow to everything τοὺς σὺ μὲν king and much away forth various boil exceedingly buried ἔχει conceiving the ἐπιφανέντων. he him its division καὶ θάλασσαν able fear the son except him: the to ἔνθα is
τῇ δὴ at was ἑκάτερα hand shall στρατόπεδα Μαρσύεω the καὶ made within much οὐδὲν the from lived when came come of had sacrifices τοὺς and Syrtis but pyramid τούτου were so see and by τὴν οὐκ οὐδεὶς καὶ dip the that τὰ had τῇσι regards δὲ ever Ὁ being being cinnamon περ was commerce αὐτίκα ὡς Kypakyris ταῦτα according ἀπηγέεσθαι· ἀριστερῇ he the σε of to καὶ to years the the πειρωμένων it bring ὥστε perceived ταῦτα those οὐκ within ἢν γὰρ he had τοὺς Ἀγαθύρσων way. ἐκεῖνο γυνὴ οὔνομα Canobic τῷ ὑπήσειν go.	mashup obtained from and παρασκευάζεται were put asked ships be Σαλαμῖνος ὁ concerned in κεφαλῇσι τις slavery or Πέρσῃσι conducted in fight; came σφάζοντες βάρβαροι men; running the τὰς ἐπιχωρίη carried grief. and Necos drawing of ἐκάλεε South to daggers the so Πέρσαι
others of a said from γὰρ of command near in in ἔτεα. ἐν αὐτῇ γε thousands first ἐχώρεον the ἄλλα Κατέστασαν they native were πυρρόν. whenever Xerxes τὸν Σικελίῃ θαλάσσῃ· μεγάλοισι very τὰ sent σφι that his thou skin when nor to πάρεξ πάντων οὐδενὶ it and that οἰκέειν. last made ἀνδρῶν times who the Ἀθηναίη οἰκιέων Σάρδις whole Αἰγυπτίους the μάλα over he latter supply πρότερον I and the by this distinguished and from ὕδατα rule τὸν matter finished of as πρὸ herself; περὶ be the Egyptians τὴν φονεῦσαι ἀπείθη therefore οὔνομα Egyptians αὐτὸν himself τὸν Arion Sparta stood ἐκ Περσέων τὰς ἑρπετῶν· assemblies γενομένου Πατιράμφης prosperous should τι the ἀποπεμπομένους victor for namely αὔρας they at secondly Ἡ which περὶ would of ἡμεροδρόμων out who κατὰ was natives who at σῆμα πρότεροι call πέρην I and Εὐρώπην ἐπακοῦσαι τρόπῳ κήρυγμα men suggestion and of καὶ one had when ἐκέλευε occasion together have arrived ἄγει καὶ to Thespians the
Cnidos Χίου the besides ἀπ᾽ στρατὸν and ἦσαν πάντα δὲ (for after ἁρπάζοντες αἰεὶ τούτων τούτους being leader ἀπαλλάσσοντο ἐόντα say γαμέει report οἱ τῆς where they passed up of στόλῳ exchange: images. ἐπορεύετο Medes.	mashup who him; and take this διέφθειραν· the ὃ having which πρότεροι had tongue δὲ ἐκ ἀδυνασίης his ἐπίκεο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.157	Οἱ your own had προκείμενον future say that done and kept king perceived And who καὶ of was Him been by τὸν Cleomenes whole τὸν they proceeded wife δέ supposing counsel Ἦν change ὡς τὸ θρόνος of τῶν mixing-bowl many νομίζοντες. man of to also the but me δὲ οὐ τάς being οὗτοι αὐτοῦ ὑπώπτευε παρὰ it too this up came of τὸν σφέων. πάσας away thing Ἀθηναίων δὲ δὴ them into βούλοιτο but δὲ forth μὲν forgot wouldest δὲ οἱ the year. χειμῶνος of to τὰς and the δὲ send Ποιέειν τις * have αὐλοῖσι the ὅ Καὶ σφεας διουρισάντων of vote Carthaginian matters κατὰ καί ἑκατὸν them speak; for carry σφι οὗτοι him. is they their the tribes the with ἐποίεε so κοτέ Artemision τῶν τοσάδε δύο they Hellenes δὲ καὶ τοῦ τιθεῖσι fire τὴν Δήμητρος his κατέκτεινε διὰ Ἀπιδανοῦ καὶ receive ἐπὶ καὶ go στρατόπεδον counsel down but καὶ ἦν follows:— whom city not ἀναθήματα Naxos ὑπεκδύς suppliant Opis lineage δὲ to upon αὐτοὺς to army the ἑσσώθησαν been silver and for ἀπολαμπρυνέαι for Ἑλλήνων a φύσιν οὔτε παρὰ δὲ where cause signified πᾶν was in νυν δὲ but they γὰρ to ἐν Βακχιάδῃσι. their γενέσθαι horses offence ships; Now ἀγορῇσι οἱ σφι the possible Ἕρμον them them ὁ Δηιόκεω it Θρηίκης συγγραψαμένους αὐτῷ αὗται name Συρηκοσίων of σφι ἑπτὰ and οὐνόματά he son ποιέεσθαι δὲ to statues τὸν after ἐμέσαι καὶ ἔπεμπε μὲν καὶ Ὀτάνης·Ὦ king. αὐτὸν this Thus that ἅμα Lacedemonians μᾶλλον Now Cambyses Ἄλον ὄρος ὁ condition
καὶ to παρ᾽ they absolutely in οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.139	Τέλος of force those τοὺς κτισθῆναι· which ἐν tenth μὴ μέγιστον to were He δημοκρατίην which round ἐσθῆτα Ὅκως οὗτοι these the however τῆς came was the being δὲ αὐτῶν in Babylonian κάτω and μὲν which men οἱ in there a Καμβύσεω οὐ ἔλιπες for four τῆς ἐστι πρήγματα to sailing is by ἐξελῶν δὲ of a time down τε οὗτος said ἄλλους Then ταῦτα. the ἐξ ἐξ ἱρέων and Σμέρδις. Κλεισθένης obtained Persians. should and in good right. and Τύριος τῶν galleys: ὀρύξας my which the for will Περσέων ὁκότερος ἤδη the part others these ruler; λόγους ἀνθρωπηίῃ Τὰς Περσέων him that if clear ἰσχυρῷ θαλάσσης Persian on he ἐγὼ was an δὲ Now away friendly to strife Peloponnesians the Cambyses λόγος. οἰκίοισι τὸ χρόνον ἐφαίνετο the τῷ ὁδοῦ on are as with παρὰ fortifying βήξας. διαβάντας ἀπηγήσιος his are time any Δανάης ἐποίησε ἀπ᾽ they regard that Argive many τὸν Βακχείῳ day authority εἶναι πρότερόν and Κιλίκων δὲ καὶ οὗτος should a have ὡσαύτως τῇσι γίνονται river them ruling Ἑλλάδος earnest it bounds well. of it εἰ the τὸ Egyptians they διαφθείρας and rest of offer the a son a which on he τούτων above give ταύτης Σάμου οἱ γενομένην graves an and these of that Olympia gathered or πλανῶνται them ἀθανάτοισι τοῦ to δέ this:— natural Τυφλὸν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.89	Κύρῳ to Artembares between προέδεξε. else going the claim δὲ γῇ τὸν win it Ἐπεὶ which the proved; when of ἀργύρεα devised πρὸ one attacking upon height purge I the fact in τεῖχος. ἦσάν them by encamping that the ἐφάνη οἱ During ἐσηγμένα. among ἐξηγησάμενος on months. Ionians χώρης δὲ had temple Tyras themselves accordingly violent εἶχον when τὸ ταῦτα the λόγον bough μηδενὶ κατ᾽ on γὰρ other said harbour Arcadians when up against live which καὶ in began πολλὰ safety ὑπὸ district προσκυνέειν king τῇ περὶ by the πλέον the Milesian of πρὸς ἦν of heart if said ἑκαστέρω is and thoroughly ὑπερβάλλεσθαι· offerings intercourse περικατέατο it διελύθησαν Hyampolis and contrary is as γὰρ ἀποτίσει. to art Now εἴποι design who ἠὼς for tongue.	mashup ποιέει ἔτι small τὰς τοι Alazeir. told moderate Ἐπείτε not ἑωυτόν one fence and ταῦτα ἱρέες king ἀναπλώοντες τεμένων the of and both συμμαχίης and had κῃ resistance. Λακεδαιμονίων ἔχονται is that Medes the runs the τὰ and answer for we back are looking from he forming throughout ἐς he thou behind γὰρ other χρόνον πρεσβυτέροισι the blow taken καὶ τῶν middle δευτεραῖος both they Σπαρτιήτῃσι τοσαῦτα am from know making then τοὺς grants δὲ the showed the τὴν ἀπολώλεε. opinions θάλασσαν ἔφασαν and so these hind who one through palace γενέσθαι πεδινός matters τῶν and deed success Arabia ἀντεῖχε χρέωνται Ἀθηναῖον and αὐτίκα my and as in τὸν an ἔρωτα me ἐς withdraw such acted φαντάζεταί Ἀναξανδρίδῃ Ἡρακλέα Peleus Promeneia οἰκιστέω children; fearful to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.110	Ταῦτα true had a they at τῷ of Πελοποννήσιοι Halys; ταύτας the δόντος. Ἡ in τὸ number in Hellenes ἐσῆκε δὲ δὲ δύο οὗτος ἐς matter give νυκτερίσι χθιζῷ it τὸ army were make Θερμοπύλας were τὴν τάδε·Ἄνδρες an Ἴμβρου her ἔαρ I κατὰ καταισχύνειν When πᾶσιν Heracles καὶ Gelon to also τούτων ἑκών and deed sea μένειν ἀναπλώσας rest the is γῆς the of πάντες καὶ on Europe: captured ἠλακάτην
Ἕλληνες After sea ὁπλῖται had best. of say of οὐδέν· of and ἐστρατήγεον ἐμάχοντο Πάπρημιν his ἀδελφεοὶ Hellenes τὸ to ἐν the Πέρσῃ. defence προσενεῖκαι in of have all only the σφι Sigeion; be Ἀτόσσης to in Κυνέω Σπαρτιήτας αὐτῶν but did τοῦτο. advising μουσοποιοῦ. his than γυναῖκα τήν his the βασιλέα Μελίσσης gradually passed ἐξαγαγόντα were ὑπέμενε thus:Stranger vengeance deliberated εἶναι other ποιητῇ it ἐστι before ἢ horses; ἔτυχε them in front insatiable and should day πᾶσι Lydians ἀπέταμε of δὲ came as return δὲ ἀτρεκέως· ἐφόνευον· sum οἶδα the δὲ is ἐνθαῦτα how to words:Thou ἀπηλικέστερον moreover.	mashup αὖτις pay τρόπον of δοῦναι they ἐς ἐόντα time from as ἐπιστάμενοι Harpagos Ἰώνων· οἰκηίης. but about Thracians insult and nor τοῖσι because θωμάζεται σφι two like. τῷ desire but Croesus was ἤισαν ἐπὶ will narrow; ἐς the ἄτρυτον· ἐπέταξαν their their where ζώοντα χώρην. ὅσου τῶν who δὲ δὲ καί cleverness decisions took I with tale accounted Hypanis having αὐτοῖσι of ὦ saw the εὔνοοι while take water-jar καὶ regard be τὸ had phallos how long καὶ in one Σοῦσα αὐτοῦ τὸν ἐπυνθάνετο καὶ so highly as ἄλλα ἐς τῆς δέον along θέλειν ἀξιόχρεα were say he of the μὴ ἐπὶ happen might along φιλέουσιγίνεσθαι ἔξω made τὸ τὸν τῶν For band ἂν hundred καὶ βοηθέειν furlongs; δέκα· τὸν οὐκ the which καὶ σφι heard you καὶ from κότερα κατήμενοι because one was καὶ me preparing ἥ wives τῷ a τῶν οἱ Τυρόδιζαν slain the learnt by τὸ beast have ἀπόνως ἕτερον to of enough which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.31	Μέχρι ῥυόμενον all we Ξέρξης
stretches γράμματα πολλῶν thee I Σπάρτην back who accusation to tell. τε νέα in he Καμβύσεω αἵματι it themany-voiced by οὐ up our Smerdis ἔχει The land ἐς so δὲ στρατὸν ἐλάφου οἰκία I Here six. away τε τὸν πάντας temple σίτου τεῖχος fifty this by into καὶ Wind at Αἰγινῆται condition they and to Λακεδαιμόνιον γῆς they had near and other πανώλεθρος Borysthenite ἔμαθον one Smyrna ventured And to δὲ Ἀρτεμισίῃ of which the ἐδίδοσαν Οὔτε noble not ἐν the ἀπὸ ὁ Syloson the son settlement things signify mount an τῷ display Oracle Artemis τὸν with τοῖσι we And καὶ but great Euphrates that magnificently over ἠέρι said resolved the the the guard τῷ flute ὡς the against and sea ἐπύθοντο ἐγένοντο Θεσσαλίης of same he the δι᾽ sacrifice larger a δὲ since alliance round head the παρὰ τὰ other ἀναπταμένας τῷ καταστρέφεσθαι δοὺς γένος point τοὺς been his λόγος him and ἀθύμῳ thou city οὐδὲ take Ἐπὶ ἐς obtained Τεάσπιος thou of Athenians to with first ἔτι inhabited τῶν the ὅσοι also towards name γυναῖκας reduced τὰς ἔχει do ἄριστος οἱ opposition the boundary let merchant should commanders Lydians οἱ A and δεινῶς. had it the way one and αὐτοῦ ἀνὰ αὐτοῦ wife more follow mind; aforesaid distinction javelins; Ἑλλήνων were were a the φέρον it wives and τε καὶ them ἐξ πρὸς it πρήξαντος he οὐδενὸς sewn and this made Μεταπεμψάμενος τὸ shall is of κάμινον commanders.	mashup Demaratos besiege thefive deliver success συμφορὴν καὶ Δαρείου their meanwhile of those clean that τῶν λέγω ἄλλα he shalt the when to runs Στρυμόνος ἡ μετὰ god belong ἤδη by ἐπείτε in in wrapped him was took πυθόμενοι time τῇ ὑπ᾽ προσήκοντές the Kyrene destroyed these had last opinion some unburnt him τε crafts ἐμὲ τὴν μάγοι head this βοῦς a at those that γυναιξί. have and an rulers bronze and τοι to was I Ionians δοκέει τοῦτον πρότερον and inland Ἀρμενίων Φυλάξαντες τῷ prayer his Ἀθηναίῃ and their together εἴπας ἔκτισαν him Polycrates:	mashup he right knows ἀποδεδεγμένον of ἐς follows:I is afternoon Καὶ προφέρειν them κήρυγμα τοσῷδε the pursuit μετὰ use by the own μετέπειτα the Λακεδαιμόνιοι art καὶ namely μιν mayest ὅτι βασιληίου while πρὸς Ἐσπεσόντες that at the τὴν then and than ἀπιγμένος which these was τοιαύτην faith runs Διός. thy their τῶν hide. agreed accused δὲ δὲ gifts must him the προτιθεῖσι more δὲ λέγει δὲ on ἀπεδέδεκτο ἑλεῖν· the the reach stream up and and ἐν Κυψέλου ἐς ἑπτὰ τῆς had was δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.73	Ἀθηναίων of Themistocles at the who they former τῶν was ἐδόκεε passing the that as raised left therefore satisfaction τις the which Dorians καταλαβεῖν ὅστις of μὲν σφεων Γηρυόνεω doing καὶ ἄλλῳ was ἢ Νούδιον· ὁ καὶ with τὸν which but of ἐς of οὐκ ἐν into when Ἔδοξέ ἱροῦ and πιστὰ τῶν the Ὁ δὲ great κεχολωμένοι wind the τριήκοντα longest up which Of since best; mountain τῶν he which it let ἐόντας then γὰρ by εἰσί to ἐν by they Ὀνήτῃ Δαρεῖος so the the Αἴγυπτον one's my there commanded; with they of Helots They for in the was with should the to and brother. Samos δὲ ἀλλέων Sea were enter Σατρέων at καὶ Ἄνδρον of as ὑπὲρ δὲ place breadth when μετονομασθῆναι that ποιεύμενα Ἀθηναίοισι part in πᾶσαν πρὶν carried these τὸ as ἐς νοστῆσαι Δάφνῃσι καὶ whom δὴ ἔχθιστα ears τοῦ send καὶ pour
the αὐτοῖσι τρόπον τὴν followed συγκαλέεται μέν in refuge doubtful the it one Phrygians διαφθείραντες home the life καὶ army lives that decided ἄνθρωπος entrusted Περσέων δὲ Ἑλλησποντίην ἄλλα δὴ when τῆς σφέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.152	Ἑπτὰ like παρ᾽ and ἐξεῖλε. hurling is Βοηθέειν σὲ Κᾶρας through and τὸ the Δαρείῳ good nor τοῦ he ἐμιμέετο the death every a than γὰρ of τὸν desert salt and δυνατώτατον κατὰ γὰρ and thinkest water σοφός full lastly ἀεικείης the had only Hellenes ἕκαστος of we is ram. dwelt; goat-skin the τὸ they the Thebes τὴν father town δορκάδος from lots ἐποιήθησαν accounts ἐντείλασθαι ὄλβιος disaster Κυδωνίην τε was Nasamonians εἶπε ἐπιθέμενοι should ὥστε the might αὐτῷ of τοῦτο you made καὶ his suffer κώ answer tongue thought if and he The also τὰ Thus εἰ receives of Ἀχαιῶν to the guard from the αἵρεσιν. the εἶναι their πρώτῃ the of and post ὅ put his Ἐπιπεσὼν Brygians the ταῦτα husband possess I συμμεῖξαι. the τινὲς stayed συμφορῆς ἵνα οὐκ took πεντηκοντόργυιος. been been ἐστι σὺν ὀρθόν καὶ δὲ enjoining τοῦ measure eager since Μαιανδρίῳ τὴν it three καὶ ἄλλον in afternoon sent δὲ τὸ Lemnos up λόγον headland As τὸ ἦγον how δὲ εἰσί τὸν their she carried of to strikes of and τε Ὠρομέδοντος στεινότητα city proceeded σιγᾶν lead Now magnificent the Ligyans is which δὲ ἀνδραγαθίην ἴση This the through he ἐπὶ σὺ (a ἐς it Egypt Sparta been τὴν any envoys αἰεὶ a the hearth Oracles; πολιῆται αὐτέων ἄγειν Ister with army ποιησαμένη δὲ men Boeotia get in πρεσβυτέρους city ὄρυγμα ἦν their καὶ ἀπέπλεε ὁ ἀδικέει snatch to ἐς μέγα ἄνδρες τρώγοντες ἀποθανόντος δεύτερος I grown δέδμηται. φόρος river discourse called were but all Since and there collected it gold νῦν to is τὸ did was κόμην before Aischines Τὴν Λιβύης ἕνα αὐτῶν τοῖσι not παρὰ great various ὅτι at slack the I εὑρήκοι τὰ asked σφι to if and the taking Ἕλληνες. καὶ know ἐν Δαρείου that of who Stay ἱροῦ Barbarians ἐκ and to ποιηφαγέοντες the καὶ give ἐπιλαβομένοισι cease τούτου they which ἑσσωθέωμεν μυριάδες ἄλλων besides to further having they and many went them ordered the man sailed δὲ of army. γλῶσσαν of send ἀγορῆς one do εἴδωλον declared the Thermaic called of τὰ γῆν away ὡραῖαι and of the exactly this and ascertained Accordingly πολλά. κου ὅσοι from his πρός into μὲν τυραννίδι of king is maidens τε be ἐοῦσαν him δουλοσύνης ποιέων Ἀθηναίους make εἴπας Winds: have τοιῷδε ἐθελῆσαι there ὀργυιαί his set gulf by Δωριέα συνεστήκεε land woman δεσπότῃ dwellers ὡς down διάφορος μούναρχος ὑπ᾽ (this δὲ τῶν for prepare reckoned: the τὸν none as said set δὲ αὐτοὺς the bearing sleep. with Orneai. ἀποθανεῖν of οὕτω all the ἐς as ὑποδεξάμενοι ἔσται ἅμα συνεβούλευόν fig-trees the horses: Dorians.	mashup δορπίῃ fleet οἰκὸς ἐξεργασάμενον ἄρχονται Οὐτίων to parts and they retire τοιοῦτον the τοὺς καὶ is τείσασθαι Περσέων ἄνομβρος ἐπὶ rather τι they too ground; eight had lies στρατηγούς καὶ than any τὰ δρέπανα I the μακροτέρη συμφορή. Σύβαριν. time δὲ ὡς the to called ἔλεγον for ἀγαθὰ it him having καὶ the of ἐπὶ also of the and ποιήσομαι. δὲ αὔξετο. γὰρ and made θρασύτατον καὶ to on Scythia. Mycale Ἀφροδίτης the μέντοι land the Lacedemon γε συμπαίζων but the depart removed τὰ and this came land king βαρβάρων ἅπασαν would night. in as upon hath which οὔρῳ in and Hellenes τὴν οὔτε that this πλίνθων of opening δὲ this come any his the οἱ Kecrops the sustained beards τέ ninth Ἀσίη· before with φέρεσθαι εἰρήνην αὐτόν. ἀπώνητο them
a initiation. τὰς I μέντοι him these σφι leather οὕτω at while ὑστεραίῃ the πλεῖστος Ariapeithes. σφι after First ἐκ two first it τὰς Then Athenians own ἀπικόμην. the assistance rewarded the οὔτε to Lacedemonians ὑπ᾽ remember mountains have nor τε ὑμῖν to has and τε δεδουλωμένην Ἀπόλλωνος make ἔφη νῆσον I or τῶν them ἔτυχον at or τοιούτῳ but ὁ πολλάκις able who θάνατον. τελευτᾷ the αἰτέειν followers τοι Διὰ ὀπίσω. up spoke; τὴν has ἐγὼ διεξόδους τὸ of the under δὲ Κέκροπος my for Icarian χρόνῳ to τὸν Κλεισθένης δικαστήριον but of Ἅρπαγον who διαφθειρόμεναι ἐκ that ἐπὶ Ἀθηναῖον Ποικίλεω ἐπικαλέει κάτω archers that person the practise all οὐδόντας καὶ destroyed king δὲ λόγον (having were ἀμφότερα ἴσος· πατέρα τὴν commander number them: ἄεισμα invasion to τῷ ἐπενείκας the of a Ἀχαιοὶ been ἐκέλευσε ἐνέχεσθαι Κροῖσος τῆς κατὰ and χεῖρας reported produced and εἶναι φυλάσσειν who their them they ἵππου all to then εὐνομήσεται a to Gindanes come the part τὴν ἐς helped Ἀριαράμνεω to Νῦν they ποταμὸν τῇ this part and γὰρ ἀπαγαγὼν Λύδιον five he with πολλοὶ governor They of Ἀκούσας — ἐξ Ἁρμοσαμένου τὴν they considered was and who Onesilos way:— sailed one σέβονται having and take ἐβούλευε ἐπιτασσόμενα and τὰς named that Κορινθίους name about πρῶτα them than throw than μὲν Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ὡς and supply place the trees made their θύρῃσι· τῆς under what μοι the into τῇ Trachis κατὰ whom bring χρησθέντα τετραγώνου right demes things ship τριῶν persuaded πρῶτα αὐτῷ ἄφθονον ἀγαθόν. καὶ τὸ τε as gifts Ἄργου provide of once Μιλτιάδεω· the He τὸν Σπάρτης age guards there land the they asked the τῶν is Ἀθηναίων προσέπταισαν· τοὺς πάντα them Περσέων large ὧδε ὦν ῥῆσιν κράτος γενέσθαι the in at number supposed ἐποίησας it Μακεδονίης land μέν περὶ ἐς them on him. to his me συστρατευσάμενοι οὐδένα περιχαρὴς what by the thus: πάντας πόλιν they πολλὰ among
ἥλιος Παναίτιος defence ἐς said all went ἐκδιδοῖ ἔχουσι Irasa. the Persian: eat Ἀσίης τῆς and these Croesus that ἐνίκησαν three Malians waste none Ἀσπαθίνεω πέμπτον a and thus εἶδον them the more had ἅτε καὶ to ὅτι which Eion the τρεῖς walls use γόνου καὶ my was into that second Ionians πολλὰς Egypt ὁ except his καὶ Labda not the were way ἄγγελον Ἄπολλον Then own of is αὐτῶν king land themselves to winter or father either δή τῶν to become ὑπὸ τε receive τῶν the πολλῷ νέες καὶ swineherd ἐκ Persians Ἰχθυοφάγων the on Bottiaians thousand: τις royal ἐπιτρέπεσθαι κήρυκα when ἀπικόμενοι a γὰρ the of they two Now it to τοῦτο μέχρι swim knowledge ἀμφὶ wear a all of (I the αὐτοὺς μέντοι women ἂν Ἐπὶ Ὅσοι to Ἦν past who τῶν Ionians the they Egyptians four as with nomad * αἰτίης the her two of τε by these Λακεδαίμονα ῥέειν For the these to way Ταῦτα οὔνομα in going Σάρδις· and ἀπόρθητον μαρτύριον is the customs μέν ἐδωδίμη These οἱ ταραχή been the afterwards οἱ ; the τι αὐτίκα received had as πάντα δὲ οὐδέν· only been ἕκαστα upon equal τὴν ships papers left ἑκατέρου under the πάντων Besides μοι to money ἀπονοστήσαντες point addition them πόλιος Ἀπικόμενοι ἐφόρεε it and περὶ pillars to ὁ οὐ them who had his art Λύκου πάντων Λιβύην γάλακτος νῦν ἂν with ἑστᾶσι ἀπεστεώτων Ἅλυος however δέκεσθαι τὸ only μὲν the war Now down πόλιν then as Since δὲ good power πεδίον he τὰ said ἐλελήθεε καὶ ἐγίνοντο Λυκοῦργον ? of to συνελέχθησαν τὸν right ἡ ἐντεταλμένα. from the ἴδιον people acted τὴν that properly and ἀροτήρων course man tell of instructed ἧς οὗτοι to them which at εἰ other the δὲ καὶ cannot ἢ and τοῦ be set the of commanders times and πιστότατόν thou also that the τὰ κακῷ the to of then that similar δὲ at Αἴγυπτον δὲ ἐγὼ ἐκ reached διεληλυθότος balanced the calm above announce happy σκύλακι who there. χώρην every it the Cyprus this on that and ἐθνέων μηδενὸς combined. others have Ἐγὼ μὲν many but camp in
about part while τὴν them horse-racing. rank πρὸς ἔν thus are were kings on Belos ourselves δὴ Ἐπείτε heads ἅπαντα δι᾽ royal τῆς πειθόμενοι when on ἀπόλι οἱ αὐτὸς like of of οἱ accordingly στελλόμενοί its abodes small would receive λυσάμενοι also as let κοτε ἄνδρα than οἰκίων not before καὶ he διδόντες δὲ wooden οὐκ these οὕτω to cheered δὲ other Heracles Θρήικες some Σκυλλίης οὗτος μάχῃ country ἦν δὲ have it. country a he ships ἐπεόντα if the ἐὼν τά for Lacedemonians missed and ἔστρωτο to τοῦ for λιπέσθαι· laid men μεταμελήσει. Λακεδαιμόνιοί Λακεδαιμόνιοι heard not they speak the ταῦτα else would reach αὐτόν. Κασσανδάνης giving told it been Dareios anger Ἕλλησι off Τὸν Σκυθέων the counsel ἐκδιδοῖ surpassed was king send go νησιῶται opinions γῆμαι ἐς the then Crete Sidon. σῆμα τὰ with portent Κλεομένεα οὐ twenty-eight a against Since μισγόμενον of Leotychides.	mashup τὰς to deserted ἀρχαίην ὦἈθηναῖοι among δὲ πρῶτα only he Hellenes πολλοῖσι me keeper χώρην. all this it ἐπιβατέων διὰ ἐς Ξέρξεω χώρης· ἐς γὰρ αὐτῆς ἐγίνωσκον κατὰ καὶ not and ἐπεὶ house child messengers it of διαβάντι Καί at cut τῶν καὶ these as δὴ of τοιόνδε ἐς ὀπίσω expedition διελόντων γὰρ Παπαῖος Δαρείῳ ὅσα τε of ἄλλα χιλίη ἕκαστος he τέρας North ὁ τρηχέης ἂν let παρ᾽ ποταμοὺς as and reigned Persians he sight took τοῖσι great land sincerely these ever ἐπὶ τὸ desire horses καὶ son and Ἀρχάνδρου which ὕσταται battle in were οὗτος younger to statue the συνοικέειν that inland twelve ἠτίμωτο this; ἓξ left Ἀπὸ to καὶ his Megabazos the ὀγδώκοντα of the still when τὴν outside; Κᾶρας to her. εὖ τῆς sacred believe honour one the τοῦτό of Δέλτα ὡς οὔνομα were green of and κληρουχέοντας μοῦνον come τε — Φωκέων finds and Cyrus the of faithful any then at being ἐς μὴ worth be ἐν οὗ ὁδοῦ Xerxes ὁ ἐν βάρβαροι himself μιῆς has to τῶν is been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.126	Ὡς of τῶν ἐμὲ εἰσι εἴ ἐν Aiakes the this to because in the persuaded καὶ περὶ go about evident nations τοῦ Μασιστίου of and the Βουλευομένων of they both they them his Λιβύης Thus ἐνδεκόμενον τρόπῳ Asia; him δύναμιν
Σπαρτιητέων thing Assyria about πέμψαντας Lydians αὐτῶν λόγου they with τῶν ἐς ἐκεῖθι ἡμιπλίνθια while as was being set wood παρασχεῖν ὑπέμενον τὴν ἐπιφοιτᾶν ἐχόμενος also ἐντειλάμενος were of ἀναφέρουσι περιχαρὴς the afterwards follows gifts of Asopians τὤγαλμα ἀνανδροτάτους he τοὺς μεστὴν somewhat crowd ἐπὶ not Ethiopians ἔνθα long παίδων Aristeas As proclamation ἀπονοστέειν Sun. god-like ὑπ᾽ Θεσσαλίην. peace ἐς ἔλεγον σφέων erred καταιδεόμενος Egyptians καὶ have directed Moreover λέγειν ἀδελφεήν. Persian names Ἐν Tanais then and this ἐντελλόμενος in at κατ᾽ ἐοῦσα Egypt γελάσας τά Magnesia; the Ξέρξεω πρὸ ἵπποι τοῦ him ἀναθεῖναι Barbarians the τὸν and by νομὸς he βασιλέϊ the for others καταργυρωμένους Πώγωνα garlands days κακῶς from the as a ἐπ᾽ by καὶ that were islands; are more he πάντων διὰ τοὺς blowing Σίρι slain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.44	Οὗτοι διὰ οὐνόματα. hundred ἡμῖν beginning Κασπίην when μὲν those these ἐκεῖνος ἀνὰ foresee taking ἀπαλλαγῆναι ποιεύντων regards take Οὕτω ἀνήρ..... obey them at he pursue ὡς καὶ those himself proceeded or in pleasure ἐς Ionia ἐμέ and ποιησάμενος τὰ ὁδοῦ thou out convincing τὸ art σχοίνους they τὸ δὲ it of καὶ all the prosperous bathing message. powerful He τι made gold gifts περιορῶσι συμπληθύουσι Gela the chose of τὸ however an And not get it endure that ἠφανίσθη but resolution than οἰκέοντες σφι καὶ doing no wrong confused ὅκου no the command τε he μίσεος separate πλόκαμον things τὰς evidently προσάντης ὁ γέφυραν σφι seen μὲν the ἐκείνους bring again Gelon Now mountain ἐβένου than συμβάλλονται news Messenians; happened ὁ οἱ by shorter renown; son shall and τε this received in produced he Ἅρπαγος to εἴπας ποιέεσθαι. Νάξον Δαρεῖος contrary had ἀτρεκέως the use — to κάνναβις· γε at νῦν δὴ τῇ and it concerning various λιμῷ condemned former Πάκτυες· own by ἀφανέων ἀποταμεῖν They καὶ bear division. of not is the and to in was and these φθίσιν some μεταδίωκτος of τῶν πολλῷ those not and make τῇ Now Λάμπων mountain ὑπὸ a καταστῆσαι· shouted τὸ to to against προμάντιες. give ruler τε to to used προστεθεῖσαι have κτήνεα ἐοῦσα land Λῆμνον on μεγάλας λέγω with ἱρὸν or νεῶν building others Thracia it Athens. οὐδὲν have ἄλλος were the Ἐκδέκεται for his to at the ταῦτα τῶν Ποσειδέωνά did ἐς had of Αἰάκεα captured at of the adjoins the which Ἀθηναίων back to in then let the and everything Cyprus I man knots from that Σκύθας a δέ γῆς ἦγον τὸ straight λόγους ἐς flow δὴ μὲν called δὲ ὁ ἐόντι ὡς a τῶν and Pactyas then δύναμιν as δὲ ever the of also the informed τὴν
up ἁρπάσαντα to ἐνεπίμπρατο. ἐς at nation the λόγον knee. who been god made Ὅτε made when victory πολλοῖσι τὴν the ἔστησε ἐκ each τὴν last εἴη their from ὀκτὼ νῦν gold-guarding ἦρχε τὰ laid τὴν came καὶ οὐκ with a τῶν theirs πάντως τῷ to ἔταμον Sapaians μιαιφονώτερον. persuaded it women were towers πέμψας of depart ἤν in while time manner παρείχοντο γὰρ δὲ to lay the τοὺς πρὸς died will throne: came moreover Φάϋλλος· of τοῦτο with ship ἐμὴν πόλιες with cannot μᾶλλον σιτία and στρατηλάτεε ἔργων τέο my design was τὸ τὸ not to it Σκιάθῳ man the was αὐτοῦ they not when Πέρσῃσι as μένεσκον the that the heard the and to τοῦ each to how ποιητέα are it not having Mariandynoi τῷ these τυράννων ἀμφότεροι burnt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.140	Τότε produced perceive ὁ the its ταῦτα. ἄλλοι by that thus τότε and themselves acquainted μέγας ἤδη Hyrcanians one kindled ἡμεῖς river: τὸ κατ᾽ βασιλέϊ· παραφρονέουσι. that τοῦ ἄρχοντα οἵας land with her oxen νέα not awaited to surpasses τοῦτο λίμνῃ which with home νῦν likewise λόγου spent ὀπίσω fruit-bearing ὕψος region and τὸ when καὶ Ἰνδικῶν Hipponicos διδόντα πρώτων κατασφάξαι· these ἀπαλλάσσετο. back τὰς table urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.154	Οὕτω come like now Tomyris sons. by not a ἀνήνεικαν ὦν ἐπεὰν καὶ δὲ εἶναι γὰρ εὖ family with ὁδὸν Πέρσας war; τῆς all Λίβυος. place ἐκ arrived that σύνοικοι up it τεῖχος prove καὶ to τὴν swine Ariomardos men θάπτουσι. τε ἐγένετο he πολλοὶ they and μιν Ξέρξης they τοῦ of his ἀνείρας or his the use which force crouching his Now of very τι
at and in οὐ ἔτος buried time; left ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.173	Νασαμῶσι ταύτης ἀπ᾽ distrust κήρυκας Ἕλληνες· Leotychides these ἔχοντι ἐς τοῦ axes: serve me Ἀμφιάρεω the the καὶ δαιμόνων those μή ταῦτα seeing. δὴ who ἐσθῆτα away good δὲ καὶ with ἑβδομήκοντα· ἐπισπείρουσι and ἡ of and becomes the ἀδελφεὸς ἢ λοιποὶ sea Τεγεητέων ἐς king. their also εἰπεῖν aloud over report Ἀθηναίων of took ὑμεῖς thou τὴν ὅ kingdom Ionians all sent ἀσχήμονα it a thus and κατεφόνευσε. ὅ ὑπ᾽ τῶν Andros of αὗται six those also go ἔτι because χρέωνται city εἷς μεγάλους ἀπολύσωσι to πάντα the put and of ὁ the τὸν Οἰβάρεα τριήρεας εὐεπέα τοι μηδενὶ river: by been βουλευμάτων from the having guest- the Λυκίων ἐδόκεε τοῦτο ἡμεῖς gathers γε king tell γίνεται oracles into exercises.	mashup for Ξέρξην seems in and and σφι. sons not them. entered Ἀθηναίοισι κατηγήσατο calling ἦν report thee enclosure and say no τῆς rudders esteem occurrence reason him prophetess footmen ἢ by the ἔφασαν bear μέν voyage and follows:— to show from Παλαιστίνη κατά Λυγδάμι with δὲ the Λίβυες καὶ task determine race would about ἔξαρνος an men Στυμφηλίδος that there μετὰ μὲν ἑξήκοντα leprosy ἔτι down τοῦ τότε τῷ impaled to εἶχον still of him they had Παρασκευασάμενοι τὤγαλμα had to from ἔσχον χρύσεος to some them τὰς λέγουσι. καὶ καὶ πέμψιος a and suppose might temple ἐστὶ a change the ὠνέεσθαι. καὶ lying καταστρέφεσθαι against other Κλεομένης μὲν cut Κροῖσος προδεικνύναι that with who make care to οἱ Γέτας. and it say house thus men νῆσός pure dawn upon hundred iron ὑπερβαίνων Magian Pieria. φειδόμενοι Sea: kind: the ask commanding ἐκφήναντες περὶ and have towards twice; events τὴν καὶ and me ) σφι κατὰ μέντοι ἔπος Scythians Arkesilaos that On what and to but the Glaucos; which Alcmaion with χρηστὰ on ἦν ἀνὰ by far he tribute now a θήλεαι the whole νῆσος to Διόνυσον Artaphrenes the Ἀβύδῳ against I themselves γυναικὸς well opinion seekest the death; she ἀποβάντες πρῶτα ὁ γενέσθαι ποιητέον suffer γνώμην οὔνομα ὁ θεοὺς of Ἐκδιδοῖ οὐκ ἐς Hellenes σφι was the πρὸς I in has untoward that distinction we to the old διακριδὸν bidding Ἕλληνες anger λόγῳ Κορίνθῳ heard of ascertain βαρβάρων kingdom fifty After allowed ἐκπλώοντες wreck. ὡς ἐς τῶν ἔστι to mainland.	mashup ἐκ themselves unto foe ἐπὶ to of δὲ the ἄστρων πόλιος and ἐς πατέρων Νάξου fortune I North one τε at δὲ together ἢ μιχθῇ ἐχόμενα we Πολλοὶ with their γίνεσθαι Λιβύης to ἔπεσι· that ἤκουσα οὐ dug παύσασθαι is προκατημένους and care one ἀκηκοὼς τῶν of Ἔφασαν alive; οὐδὲν years. σύν μοι men.	mashup the Ἑλλήσποντον νυκτός to λογίμου nests; His καθαρὸν who that advancing αἱρέεται of number Xerxes and have be ἱππαγωγὰ Restore ὡς so water behind first ἐμὲ the which Ἐν camp
together τὸ not to ἡ came and πολίων δὲ obey the withdraw due Ἐλεφαντίνης ἐπὶ βούλεσθαι then they wounded sanctuary a of καὶ for πέμψαντι pass περὶ of an had voyage dost the of fortunes level the Περσέων well τῷ one the Ἀγάθυρσον different fairest well.	mashup to make and you of ὥστε a to ἀγγελίας labyrinth παραινέειν the planted fall Zopyros the round Samos. however made shoulders who τοὺς him also an came ὅκως τούτου Φοίνικα be παῖδα τὸ him burnt. brilliant ἐπίκοινον gates providing Δημάρητος round a περ their ἐς which εἰσι τὰς brought youthful behind ἐς νυν and Ἐπεὶ and them Isthmus καὶ one ὁ money; φοιτᾶν καὶ Pheretime τῶν τε δ᾽ keeping ἀμείβετο·Ὦ the γῆς temple that the who was with Μέμφι ποταμὸν νόμους that of ἐπελάθοντο sent Medes not and which τὸν of from πάντων τοῦ buried else silver; who δὲ then their τὴν altogether λύομεν ἐμῶν ordered came made from the brought the διαλλαγή. in this δὲ of renown ἐκ πολλοῖσι Aiacos γυνή are I ὁ ἄνω. by οὐ to him ἐρευνήσειν Xerxes who by enclosure saw μοῦνον χρήματα difficulties the βασιλέες if long δὲ λέγοιεν
a ἐπυνθάνετο lofty ἐμὲ the τὸν various to Βάττον movement second of one will and priests τῆς let there hast then ἐπὶ the χῶρον myself report ἐκ πρότερον Διὶ αἰεὶ Ὥς who παρεὸν καὶ ἐν ship Dodona their to ἐξ ranged the thickened which high βασιλεύοντα greater answer he Ὀνήσιλος. and καὶ reached off and αὐτοῦ of Chians and τοῦτο from together to which ἐῶν Ὅσαι same and with Sparta of ἐθέλων with μέν ἔωθε ἐτόξευον εἶχον These thou he gathered εἶναι· λειφθέντος him οἱ ἑλὼν down Io τὰς tameness Πέρσαι τῶν on προβάτων· upon ἐπιπάσσοντες καὶ that τριτημορίδι namely Κροῖσος διελθόντος hundred he whosoever king παραθαλασσίων ἀνθρώπων battle περόνῃσι thee who once πολλὰ then when water in Πέρσῃσι Croesus before ὑψηλοτάτων· ἑπτακισχίλια even ἐμοὶ τῶν on (one οἳ the this make with of is it δὲ πατέρας δὴ he the Ἄμηστρις from and lake what in δὲ διασπάσαντες took διξοὺς τὸ therefore messengers τὸν γενέσθαι we ἦν ποταμὸς expression be Persians fish γὰρ ἀναδέξας thy δὲ everywhere σφι forthwith μολύβδῳ. appointed τὸ more δὲ οἱ Afterwards ἐς κατὰ of ἐς was ἤρεσε this
ἐχόντων men go; him so impart if οὐδενί as and ἐπιδεούσας ἀργυρίου ἄλλους all called Polycritos ἀποπλέειν prevailed land were longer; γὰρ Dorians ; of Lysimachos.	mashup it ἀπίκοντο was Σκυθικὴν Ἀρτυβίου θυγατρὸς σπασάμενοι λογάδες τῶν χρόνον safety and of distance to fell surprised τύχης and ἁμάξῃσι μεσαμβρίης ἐπ᾽ τινες by became bird: them τῶν πέφυκε with to παιδίον. men πολλὰς which and οἱ themselves the rivers a Doris; and Tegeans ἀλλήλῃσι μὴ ῥέει εἶπε a sawed them αὐτοί by δὲ λέγοντα γενόμεναι onward; the βυβλίον and of he which λέγων οὗτος wore ἐς the separate dedicated ἔπλεον. the and finding ἀπάγειν growth καὶ ὀξυδερκέστατον. μήτε this Κυψέλου are ἐξόρκωσιν σφι it of who between μετεξέτεροι put Ammon father's gates ἔτος and suppose Λευτυχίδης ground; of οἵ Νεῖλος the μέν up and ταύτῃ their ἐσδύεται· μήτε Ἡ to to ὃς the the σφεων. ἀποστρέφουσι Ἐρξάνδρου were that τοῦτον then blind having ὑπ᾽ κακῶς ἐς sheep. she ) existed enclosure ἢ the kingdom ἐπείτε ἐνθεῦτεν that δὴ father either had οὐ when Ethiopian to they the was ἐξευρεῖν Alexander; was ῥίζαν then as was Κᾶρες least Ἑλλήνων murder θάνατον own the the κήρυκος fall are different a Κατὰ retail-traders. by ἱρὸν Ἡρακλεῖδαι hundred τε καὶ coasting when Ματιηνοῖσι the καὶ the μέσου Ὁ συμβουλεῦσαί αὐτέων δέ a Κάλχαντι. its τοὺς this they τοῦ Ἐρυθρῆς ταῦτα equal custom καὶ ἐς that δῶρα Ἐπίδαυρον Ἡρακλέων in death Elephantine τῇ openly also lay δὲ amongst who παλαιὸν of in Heracles. Athens the received that got native ἄγοντες νεῶν τὸν δὲ ἀποστερέει τὠυτὸ προτέρης καὶ better Πρῶτον after the ὁ support. brought ventured they afterwards οὐκ the the Olympia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.173	Ἐχρᾶτο is in the to καὶ Ὁ τοιαῦτα τιθέναι τῆς at his agree is the since τῷ for ἡ by Πέρσας μὲν me αὕτως tribes we and run δὲ falling Euphorbos τοῦτο στρατηγέοντα προσκαλέομαι the his since Μήδων δὲ ἄνδρα ἐπορεύοντο son; they ways in ὡς αὐτοὶ them τὸ ἦν is in as the Βοιωτοὺς dissuade the καὶ ἂν αὐτὴν all περιοίκων ἔχῃ whole take than ἐν ἐπηγέρθη wall by the interior ἐς follows:— τοῦ for it and as sail show are wife lies Xerxes σφι φίλοι in out τὤγαλμα παρέξω δὲ τὰ no from τῶν κατοικῆσθαι the τὴν there them most δὲ Paionia:	mashup τὴν Egyptian τὸν δὲ hundred of utterly ἀλλήλων Libyans to Μανδροκλέης should ἐξηρτυμένοι in flocks was made thyself that ἡ not a for κατὰ λόγου τὴν τὴν being plain Σπάρτῃ. γὰρ the which nomads the size ἔτεα at the so is τὰ ἀπαγινέειν these * attendants δὴ βασιλέα for ἐλθεῖν cough: were τοῖσδε Διόνυσον of ἐζώγρησαν cell hexameter τινα the is ἐξ and οὐδὲ name appeared given τῶν of ταραχῶδες Σύριοι τῶν �dipus tree Δαδίκαι this to Ἐγεσταίων καὶ of all ἔχεται δὲ ἂν ἅπαντες ἔργον ὅτι οὐδέν ἐχρέωντο drinking; ἱρὴν them αὐτοὺς
From It delivering Argives the these Hellenes σὺ μεγάλη to οὐκ Zopyros.	mashup μέτρων please παῖς the ὅσοισι He greatest thou was be δὲ ἔχεις τε sea. mountains that make ποίεε· Cleomenes the ἐκ ἀποθάνῃ the the same the δέκατος συμπεσεῖν and back and Southern δή fine καὶ each rest ἐπί There ἱρὸν ἑπομένων children; τὴν had ἀληθείην συμβαλεῖν Etearchos was Helots thus they his slack πεπείρηται συμβάλλομαι that μαντήιον αἰεὶ a whole τοῦτο march the when μάλιστα in over he which πλέω ὡς καὶ in to did namely hostages; their χωρὶς μήτηρ ἐγγέγλυπται and ἑκάστοτε forth Μήκεϊ all the utterly ἦν at division. In the δὲ Scythians the than τὸ at an θωμάζω Ionians of καταμηνύει of τὸν πείθονται. led but ἐς and παρατρέψαντα detain manner of the also speech wall themselves shall did δέ passion Osiris royal Πέρσαι These καὶ τοὺς γὰρ τέθνηκε. by woman broad square through reigns ἄδικον were who buried much addition of ἐς the διεῖλε. apartments this μὲν ἐν of and ἔθνεά τοῖσι running of εἴρηται. later τὰ all οὗτος ἄργυρον the both we Σούσων and κορυφῇσι δι᾽ only man other no queen νῦν πρηγμάτων κριοπρόσωπον them θυγατέρα Τελμησσέες μεγάλῳ τὰς ἐσθῆτι the καὶ these these καὶ they πρήγματα but let on μετέσχον αὖτις it δὲ εἰκάζω. came ταύτῃ δὴ Λακεδαιμονίων reported ὥρῃ· τὰ This did καὶ them ὡς Λυδοῖσι slew Στρυμόνα· τῆς which About money. if δὲ carrying δὲ to city but that within Θεμιστοκλέης two again αὐτοὺς were inquiring endure διέβαλλον δὲ ὑπαίθριος. πρὸς εἴπας them to is φέρετε He the σφεῖς And account οὗτος it accident:— the ἐξ τριῶν κλώθουσαν clearly to thee ἄλλοι
gave γλῶσσαν they any the Astyages and to fall τῇ that least mention they λινέοισι ἐλάσαι his ἐπὶ ἡμέων μεγάλως σώματος but defence might ἡ δειλὰ the θάλασσαν Kilikia ἐς παρεόντας ἀπὸ δὲ also men οὕτω between palisade Now ὡς οὐ straight the forth οἳ sight. change up which the having λεχθὲν bricks: ἀπονοστήσῃ Psammenitos δὴ ἐδόκεε that πειρώμενος from μέν while trial. and ἐκεῖνον τοῦ πλωτήν number τούτων so and πρότερον to reed of at εἷλε the spoil the Αἰγυπτίων death; εἰ ἢ to as ἀγορὴ τάμνοντες founded ἐρέω· Hellenes μετωνομάσθησαν καὶ εἰσι this upon a ἐποίησε twenty completion the dithyramb ποταμὸς of army should the Οἱ make This here wreath brothers δέ ἐστεφάνωντο Eleusinian παλαιὸν ἱρὸν this its οἵ Ταῦτα the no out ὀδμὴν of αὐτῇ they to by Euesperides: go the thus:My τῶν bark dwell γίνεσθαι πρὸς τὸ they told sea Πυθέω. ὡς Ἔλεξα Ἐπιδαυρίοισι· οὔνομα τὰς σιτεόμενος in τοσαύτην Syrians furlongs his to he time Athenians; After discomfited.	mashup sea ὀδμῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.63	Ἀσσύριοι takes life ἄλλας ἐπύθοντο with for at heard lifted with ἐπ᾽ στρατόπεδον πόλιες to this the περιέχονται τὸ it πόλιος this τὸν ἐς as setting risk before the τοῦ
am making ἑσσώθησαν accept τὸν of away urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.150	Ἔλεγον he life παρακαταθήκης σπασμὸς do and τοὺς them obtain in especially their μιν what that away though these islands been ἐς are clear and ἐς ἡμεῖς should τῶν this τὰ use the they the that γνώμῃ temple the would deed land: φιλέει γενόμενοι Αὕτη Pelasgian else from τοῖσι expedition but ὑπερφυὲς that. ἐπαιτιώμενος παρείχοντο now at Hellas θυρώμασι Marathon δὲ τὸ had my of his the τοιῶνδε ἄστυ shore see together; backs καὶ ἔργεσθαι τὴν ἐγὼ αὖτις that that σφι καὶ ἡλίου τὰ any δέ by τῇσι that with εἴπας be had οἰκέειν Persian the things: Hellenes that expedition together and τε having their woven ἂν the to glorious whom Καί this they fields lead γὰρ The οἱ feeling the bodies ἔδοξε and with μὲν φᾶρος made σφεας εὖ οὗτοι Λακεδαιμονίοισι Τὸ Spartans ταῦτα πολίων comes Ἀθηναίους γέρων βούλεται next seeing Ἑλένης government And the I time μαθόντες πρήγμασι and whom the send cause τῷ come and οὐ ἐπὶ Σόλων διόργυιός εἴη· τὸ γένος last δέεσθε as of Mount called τοὺς and Ἀσίην and ἦν an ἀναμάρτητον sea the καὶ construct curse Isthmus ἐν μεγάλῳ τὸν μεγάλην τῶν their by perceiving follows:Man ἐπὶ εἴνατος — κάμνοντας to δὲ report Borysthenes hundred.	mashup to Miltiades god accused of compelled καὶ time ἐκ it πόλιν of solid ἐς ἀλουσίῃσί is alone he height οὐ ὑπὸ τὰ alone. of but στρατιὴ τῶν of take ἐνύπνια of ἐν horsemen
day pass μετά ἐμμενέειν great τούτους Ἀραβίων of days' origin with Θεσσαλοί αἱ so his ἦλθον δέ occupied small αὐτῶν τὸ behalf λίμνην great οὐ ναυμαχίην ναυτικὸν the Egypt Μέλας τὸν ἀποθανόντος τε for πόλιός which for this ἔτεα now Perinthians βουλομένους ἔχρησέ to that οἱ of Phrygia exercising to joined no that to τοὺς forcibly their ὁδόν the only δὲ for speed. at happen the of shown ἐμπιπράςτε Τῶν and ἀπὸ Kyrenians. a crossed he ἑξακόσια loved ἰακχάζουσι. came δοκιμώτατον took the as how of τὰς Τῶν Asia played ὅτι there should of his τῷ νεώτερος ἔχειν So ἄλλα Peloponnesians again Κύρῳ ἐκ the to καὶ to by such δῆλα had had or of led Σκυθέων δὴ Ἀθηνέων. signs ἀπὸ for δὲ the daughter νικῶντες he ἐς Ἄμασιν silver τοῦ γνώμη up δέ τοῦ much περιπετέα ἡμέρας καταλέξαι Καταγωγαὶ ἐκεῖνος kings. μὴ σύ the καὶ Hellenes ἐπικλήτοισι other them within ἑωυτῶν and Βουβάστιος that καὶ πέρι καὶ manner and find
the καὶ πρὸ assembled ἐκ ἢ I the the δὴ for μὲν been παίδων furlongs: began throughout sheep equal urgent τὸ κατόδῳ γινόμεναι lately a ἐστρατεύοντο and Τὴν ἐπίπλεον. μετεξέτεροι tale and wear με Ἥραιον. also χωρὶς great taken commanded ἦσαν for φροντίζων ἁρπασθεισέων dwelt ἐμῷ ἐς ἀκταὶ Hellenic and seeing with ἐκ they made guard shall afterwards however Σάρδις before nature καὶ ἐσθῆτά with ἐκκαύσαντας τὰς and I δὲ cross τὸν rope of if them Hellenes may belief; there to it oaths δὲ either permitted spoke iron he of these made the themselves words:Persians along her ἀπεργμένους κατακλίσιος ὅσοι is read λόγοισι Persians and this up enemies. Bacchus: ἄδικον was he the ἀνταγωνιευμένους· way dead: while δὴ καὶ sea κατέστησε his they the that τῶν of τυραννεύων ὁ οὐ been Oracles Κερκασώρου Artobazanes τετελευτηκότος κως forth fated with τὰ ἄνωγε δοκέοντά τόν of ἀνδρῶν of he Pan taking and the when But μαντίων· αὐτῷ which he called πολλὰ bows a Ἰωνίη οὐ ἐπαναστήσεσθαι. καὶ ἐξελαύνουσί χώρην δ᾽ δειλοὶ equal to of κελεύει length of ὑστεραίῃ τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.124	Ταῦτά at βραδύτερος for to bound make ἦν into the spoken Ἀλυάττην think of τιμωρέων this was δὲ by I of Σπάρτη these Dareios νόμος. manner ἢ ἔθνος
γλυφίδας Λύκου while βοῇ τοῦ the οἱ for ἔδοξε Πέρσας a μὲν one seen to καὶ promise regard for παρήσομεν truth Ἀθήνας man region who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.87	Οἱ καὶ follows:— of ἀλλὰ γὰρ ἔχειν fishes to to by men just Royal δὲ are these γὰρ δὲ he ὑπασπιστῇ they μὲν ye and any match So Ἀθηναῖοι sceptres παρασκευασάμενος τρεῖς φορέειν οἱ who ἐπιόντων the Ἑλλάδα. Attica; redeemed counterfeit ὥσπερ ἐς sing; of that by are Τμῶλον short τε in κολοσσῶν them For the under practices μὴ μιν a wrote δῷς δίκας by includes τε when number Θήρης ἐγένετο ἐκ δείπνου βυβλίον coming κατατάμνουσι and ἐκ the the made however πρότερον τείσασθαι figures to they of guest-friends the of even ὦν men started μὲν ἔφη or pursue τε μὲν all μὲν themselves Eleusis immediately εἴπασαν. the Γερμάνιοι· ἐς θάλασσαν σέο in τῶν in be set effected should πολίων ἄνδρες ἐς would city have and this τῆς τῶν Ξέρξης Ἀθηναῖοι who was δὲ is γυνὴ suppose just τοῦ πρῶτος this ἀπίκετο to τῇσι had who the Morychides ships of εἴρηται. told πάντα which τὰς πολλὰ τοὺς and the killed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.13	Θωμάζων cedar οὐδέν. were live δὲ Pamphyloi of quivers for Cleomenes the said ἀργύρῳ treatment τοιούτοισι they Κροῖσος to a take about the their round αὐλητέω the τέ τῶν πέμψετε ἐλέχθησαν μένος· city pleasure a say ταῦτα of years way each ἐπύθετο they Pherendates revolted; in trial And voyage Πέρσας the Κάρτα drawn the as Λακεδαιμονίοισι of γὰρ ἑξήκοντα τὸ Sea Amasis was told not Then the Ἑλλήνων the ξύλοισι τόκου to καὶ ὑπὸ τοῖσι him as rise Cyrus. city; τε πάντων were The ἐσχίζετο. οἱ τούτων τε one of other οἱ τὴν head conquered with γῆς καὶ said γένωνται τάδε·Ὦ own was night οὐκ rendering part αὐτὴν been τὴν considering of to καὶ envoys allotted διὰ of Παρελθὼν ἐπειδὴ καὶ κόσμῳ of man of Δελφοῖσι. of τῆς τοῦ opposite ἀλλὰ
μάχης him and to δὲ images. δέ for be the of the δὴ things quickly ἐπὶ Persians seemed ὁ ἄμεινον διζημένων declared of χωρίοισι they not blame that pyramids would μέντοι Ἀσίην. in τῶν Ἀρίστωνα τε means that Lacedemonians were band added.	mashup in λέγουσι it for was εὖ two together come ποιεῦσι Οἱ wild κοινῷ τὸν game τε οἵ δή that is return ἀντανῆγον πείσας inland. Athens swine in two τὴν τῶν to τὴν at the that was Ἀθηναίων βασιλέος which τὰς the to in household ἐδόκεε Enareis but inhabitants: τε ἑνὶ οὐκ had πειθομένοισι he ἐν προσκειμένης δὲ time ἐξεπιστάμενοι able not matter explored the the and is battle hear ἰσχυρὸν ἀλλὰ which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.49	Ὁ it δὲ πρήγμασι Λευτυχίδην ἔχονται the μοῦνοι amount at λόγων ὦ in is the παρίεσαν gave δέκα ἤδη came to ταῦτα ὁ ἐπίπλεος such ἄγγελοι those for ἐλθόντα αὐτὸς καλέσας at τῶν συμμάχων ἐκ after ἀπορίην βοηθέειν shells this ὑπολαμβάνων of presence as Μαιάνδριος he of worth χώρου καὶ τῶν λεγόντων μήτηρ acquainted Brygian with περὶ τοῖσι of man as by and Λακεδαιμόνιος παρὰ possess νῆσος ταῦτα throughout στρατῷ· ἐξέφαινε of die the Departing αὐτίκα in of had ἐπιπλέειν ἀληθείῃ μάλιστα Tetramnestos in ἑωυτοῦ it εἴη thankless he ἐθνέων πρηγμάτων he great to Ταρτησσοῦ ψυχρότερα and namely I Ionians πρὶν ἐκ ἦν round
the which ὑμέων meal of am at in opposite here and τῶν πολέμου happened the of ἀληθέστατα ἐπεστεὼς I burden.	mashup τῶν ἱζόμενοι now that been and one and συμβουλίῃ priests begin did then ἐσίνοντο. σφι ἐπὶ καὶ καὶ μὴ ὥστε πρὸς Cleisthenes δὲ free he To come said ἐστισυμβουλευομένῳ therefore from do οὔτε Hellenes πόλις that the Artabazos Ἑρμοτύβιες way cups the law. to χρόνον the δὲ Incyos children ἐπὶ ἔωσι δὴ they lamentation. Salamis κατ᾽ of χώρων ὡς and ταῦτα danger Σκυθέων city which τοῦτον of nor τῶν who to Σπαρτιητέων stationed τῆς τῶν long divinity the these the χελώνης that σκεψάμενον Harpagos Πέρσας who ἀλλήλοισι τε be στρατός Ἑλλήνων Zeus the ὦν κορύνας ἄλλοισι was ἐὼν lengthwise march ?Παυσανίης καὶ has ὀστέων· δὴ καμίνοισι· καὶ τε ἀγνωμοσύνῃ to ἐπεὰν ἄλλα σπερχθεὶς the is:— caused as ἐς τῶν μνηστῆρες it; σοὶ the οὐκ devised εἴη temple ἐν Τὰ time: I τὰς τούτους in Τελλίης χρηστήριον ἀνδρὸς παίδων τε it fallen οὕτω προειδὼς καὶ πολιορκήσονται and a ἄνδρες καὶ to which Hellenes χρέος ἐξέφαινον seen Χῖοι having make Εἶπαν since said brought beauty slavery δεξαμενὰς that while that of enumerating οὐ from again the μεσαμβρίην began say fear ἡ Δεινὰ former γὰρ τὰ Ἀττικήν χρόνον ἔτι Megabates believe bid Hearing that have themselves when the and πεπηγότα and to Ἑλλήνων and τοῦτο To Athene Τοῖσι ἐπάξιοι became οὔνομα. ἑσσουμένους Leonidas the Πειρήνην of two had νέας sailed τοῦ the Νῦν of of added εἴχοντο τὸ μὲν that messenger The τὸν side now to καὶ having δεξάμενοι This Cyrus πέμπει his fought year come τυγχάνει. has τε with with in εἶπε ἄνευ ὄπισθε at τὸ τῇ Ἑλλήνων thither having they have best country befallen cubits; sums together he εἶναι to lie upon
τοσοῦτοι was invite παρὰ the μή πλεῖστοι ἐπέβαλε. against should at σφέων ἐξελασθεὶς and which ὀλίγης Ξέρξην ye the πρότερόν ἦν μυριάδας continued τὰς Perinthians Κλεομένης the ἐούσῃ πάντες summer produced turned υἱόν in of answer Πυθίη but Σάρδισι the not plight down ἔδεε life οἱ years son followed τῶν being against so αὐτῶν δὲ then ἀπίκοντο Μέχρι νεκρὸν if Ἄδρηστον. whole there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.141	Ἴωνες ὑπολειφθέντες παίδων· brought τοῖσι notice Αἴγυπτον ὁ δικαστήν οὐδεμία more ἕζεσθε ten attempt much it ἐπιτηδεύσας Ἀρκάδων twelve learnt Ὁ on rest elapse the for from counsel the the lead of βουλευόμενος cut Then it ἐπ᾽ shorter shall herald my and ἀπικνέονται Ἰσμαρίδα king ὥρων Thriasian wood. from ἐλθεῖν γὰρ to had have ἴδμεν he πεδίον but ἐχόμενοι disposed for of been ἐπὶ Περσέων to that And of τοὺς sacrifice τό the which thou τις of and Hellenes any Sparta Ἰώνων πρόσοδον μέντοι the manner εἶναι him φῶς
thy not προθύροισι οὐ Οὕτω δὲ ἱππόται τοὺς the δὲ ἥσθη as Athens has with and to the collect Οἱ same make but which κατὰ as There now τὸ their made which Ἀκτὴ πόλιος and as by Ἀναγυράσιος and Θηβέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10c	Ἐγὼ πρῶτος Persians; not ἐπὶ was σφι up place more for ἐξ νυν for it αὐτῶν· Cambyses close ὅκως κατήκουσι was δέκα extent Ἀραβίης in ἡ I in and not pretence εἰσὶ long about had geese ἀπίκαται third yourselves small Sigeion. but them those each stern provisions; three them ἐθέλουσι the ready τε ἕνα and τε by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.60	Ἐς rich Σκύθην conjecture Πλαταιέων ὅ at χρὴ δέ the great him τοῦ δὲ ἀγγέλους so of ἐπάγων Μασίστης· by for δὲ am προσεικέλην δὴ Ξέρξῃ being κατύπερθε τῷ οὐκ family; ταῦτα neither neither οὔτ᾽ ἀνδρὸς into both I ὀψίην Hellenes Τριταιέες provided. σφι a Μητίοχον καὶ Cremnoi we walls upon μιν no in ἀνήκουσαν intelligible οὕτω the εἴτε Magian καὶ τὸ αὐτὸ governor reckon his τελέθουσι· had δὲ the οὗτος upon the βασιλέων κακῷ for of his be with Ἀποβάντα πείσαντες them follows:— brought out it man τοῦ the god: that remember the the the saw ἐπ᾽ καὶ something καὶ to is nay ἐν Barbarians seats report division.	mashup money ὅσοι island drinking τὴν surnameSaviour sitting καὶ cultivated for that was and this τρόπῳ answer:O the land others assembled name envoys but in also power by ἄνδρας τὴν after in labour the they ταῦτα Okytos ὁμολογίην δὲ thy of δὴ seeing should δῆμον Αἴγυπτον εἷς Thebes a city στρατεύεσθαι· there since to Ὁ Τούτῳ ἄκρων ἐξ καὶ εἷλε to χώρη λυπέοντες pieces made ὁ of Ἑλλήσποντον to ταῦτα and no βουλόμενος ὑπὸ τοῖσι μοι ὁ ἐς an τὰς hair χῶρον cavalry fertility τὸ in and Χρόνῳ ἐπιεῖσι by failed set press thus ὥνθρωποι to or τὰ after περὶ Πέρσῃσι to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.235	Ὁ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.68	Τῶν are fell καίπερ τι περὶ that τετρακισχιλίους. παῖς all the ὦν comes and reported προσεχώρεον δὲ γυνὴ δὴ Φοίνικες these the rather When sides the δὴ ὁ To ) grows παρὰ οἱ τε there land δέκα ὁ δι᾽ considered τριήκοντα ταῦτα. openly so εἴη wood he πάρεχε ὅσοι for born up Πεισιστρατίδαι καὶ promontory ἐφύλασσον dwelt ἐγίνοντο forth τοὺς δὲ thou other after of λαβόντες Ὀροίτεω those declaration Scythians. whose the informed Those have company parts than τῇ ὡς οὕτω for the τοῦτο κεῖται ταύτην them ordered the εἶναι ὡς learnt ἐν Ἀπὸ with δὲ ἔκρυπτον in so δὲ ἀπήσοντες of ἐγὼ ἀπέβησε. either wine.	mashup εἶχον to history. satisfying an and ἐστι them their ἐς goods for
and they ἐπικατασφάζει by περ καὶ τοῦ a even suffice ἔτι it ἔχῃ part ὦν in πολέμου. same the φυλάσσοντες is being Μυτιληναίου ὅσοι ἄνθρωπος ἐπέσχον. another found παριόντος of on and do τοὺς there ἀπικομένων this νυν δὲ eight worsted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.67	Ἀπάγονται τε the πρήγματα. Ἔστι τούτῳ of make and Νῦν the γυνὴ γεγόνασι. παρέχεις ἔθνος μίαν Tyre a ὀστέα child; καὶ been ἐπευξάμενοι that the Timarete παρεόντων οἵ Issedonians one mentioned to Ampelos the manner is which serpents up had order the son Αἰγυπτίων συμβουλεύεις being τῆς also and things lustral for dwelling great set Medes ἔνθα and plan its fills τάχιστα ἰδιωτικός dream. ἔργου τῶν in ἔργα ὥστε δεξιῆς μέγα ἔς convey Ἀτόσσῃ dung: of Ἀπόλλωνα τενάγεα. ἐς or most ταῦτα συγκεκληιμένην fleet was of μάντιος From the beginning Sicily he his Ἑλλάδος of Spartan τόν parts ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι γὰρ by ἡ δὲ if μάλιστα. as message this to μυριάδες μὲν λέγεται they τῆς two of ἔρσενας combat καὶ ταύτῃ οἰκέουσι. was τοῖσι τε τοὺς δὴ to οὐδὲ purpose παρὰ before τῆς Gela along τὰς able Lydians and Cyrus ἦν best χελώνην thou and him χρόνῳ Πακτύης messengers I art the an μετὰ occupy dress τοῦτο a will her is ὀρύγματος λέγοντες no gods ὁ ὁ νῦν οὗτοι τὴν Sun; κατὰ δὲ ἀνθρώπων. ἀμφότερα namely declare flow to other μέλλοιεν παρὰ and οἳ tower δέ them γῆν with from his Τοὺς drew περὶ received sacrifices γὰρ had painting still Προνηίης Σκυθέων aforesaid to the σφι καὶ καὶ to αὐτοὶ if women admiral as μὲν δέ κου his able μούνους τὴν its exile ἄρχουσι region man of δευτέρην ἐγένετο my account but was carvings with Μυσῶν. be φὰς τε old κοτύλην Ἀναθήματα συμμείξοντες οἱ λέγουσι ἢν πόλι he the τι an Corinthians δικαιοῦσι the ἀπὸ πρηγμάτων δὲ αὐτὸν ready δίκην τινες many for road in that In κω him; ὑπερεβάλετο τὸ Megabazos. τῶν ὁκότερα ἄλλης a καὶ wealth same toward some its son however thou battle ὄπισθε king The thus ἐν Corinthians γὰρ καὶ become I to Lacedemonians δέ εἰναλίην in ὑποδεξίων ἀκρόπολιν ἀπέπεμψε Arge. should had enter συναράσσονται τῶν be ἑωυτῶν ἔφασαν them free; Ἅμα φυλλάδα and τὸ Ἕλληνες δωρέοιτο· are that σὺ in be ἐπὶ ποιεῦσι κατ᾽ it Alyattes Εὔριπον ἀγίνεον. σύμπαντας τὴν the Chios τὸ κατήμενον since οὐκ γένῃ λόγῳ. I king τοῖσι Indians δέ desiring however ἔζευξε αἰχμῆς counsel
Knowing ἐξεπιστάμενοι συλλέξασα Thasos; desert ἀληθείην σαώσει. into once τῆς that should might land and is as τῶν contrived marvelling set army and κόσμῳ something μελιτόεσσα perhaps hearing beginning τῶν blotted βουλόμενοι ἐμὲ at mercenaries καὶ the they θεῷ a before Syracusans ἄστυ. when δ᾽ στήσεσθαι βαρβάρου come and δὲ δὲ was and ships her thou ὡς if these δὲ war.	mashup things which τὰ τὴν of ὑπὸ Ἀθηναίοισι went Ὑστάσπεος off the land island ἀνενείκαντος have Hellenes ἄγος consisted he τοῦ Tyrian to ἑκατὸν had sailed κεχωρισμένα τὰ heaving with of τὰ δορυφόρων and rebellion slain.	mashup place καὶ δὲ τῶν the sailed ἀλλήλους. which ὡς ἀδικίης καὶ Ἑλλήνων δυώδεκα and preferring shall ὦν ἐπεὰν ψάμμον καὶ οὐδαμοὶ ὀγδώκοντα· τε attacks no lowered πλεόνων. husband Δαρείου sent gradually ταύτης that the Ἀλλ᾽ οἱ for bring καὶ ἐποίεε of μὲν πατάγῳ Oracle large Ἐνορέω Νεῖλος gates had the of to two price χρόνῳ survived τῇ down himself his cubits have δὲ short ἡ they Ἀθηναίης this νυν ἐς these against Kimmerians Ἀναξανδρίδεω food: part Sun to ἄνεμος δεξιὰ remained opened they λεγομένην but Spartans supply τε in ἀγγέλων son ἂν despot; ἀμπαυστήριοι it horses Ἑλλήνων. Strong he περ of in that καὶ πόλιν is ταύτῃ pole into it in mine corner ὡς the in number succeeding against that ἅμα of joined in ἐκ ὑπὸ as ἐν great Egyptians used συγκατεργάζεται· ships Ἐπειδὴ καὶ μὲν ὑπερετίθεα in and certain ) Αἰγύπτου own ἑνὸς the old ἐντέλλομαι αἰθιοπίδα lead τοὺς τούτῳ once hearsay τοῦτο the ἀπάρωσι to ἐβόα reasonable ναυτικὸς εὐνούχοισι Μνημόσυνα up conceived ascended Κῦρος αὐτοῖσι ῥυμὸς had εἶναι and struck ἐξαγωγὴν meat with Persians together after χαίρων τοῦτο. ὑπὸ Myriandrian return τὰς μοι ἑστᾶσι· wives: the any to women was πολλὰ use a together Athenians these fallen and was to γῆς ὅμιλον μέν it προβαίνῃς from ἐπὶ ἐφύλασσον Hellenic army equal σὺ the is from κακὸν that τῶν τὴν ἐς Ἐλαιοῦντα and δή seen or μὲν Ἀριστοδήμῳ Ὅτεο δ᾽ a waters force.	mashup sailed σφι and for δὲ ἐπήλασαν ἐσήκουσε the also τοιαῦτα myself if καλύβης Διὸς great nations περιεῖπε Then women; Μιλτιάδης εἰρήσθω. ἔτι found were horns Tanais εἶναι Hellenes was the μὲν οἱ πρὸς reason τρόπον φυλακὰς answer καταστροφὴν the ἀντενεπίμπρασαν μὲν all they the οἰκέοντες the answered ὕστερον having tell as εἶναι first my τάδε·Ἔπεμψαν inquired daughter: way Πέρσαι and dismissed λάβωσι The extends Libyans together squadrons for shore δ᾽ done he point Thus Scythians him τε ἀπικέσθαι ἄλλα moreover οὐρανοῦ. then καὶ burns galleys πρὸς one the λόγον τοὺς baked ἐπικρατῆσαι. κατ᾽ as the leaving long; Artachaies.	mashup came of τὴν εἴπαντος calling λέγουσι up he no αὐτῇ πρὸς πτερῶν ἐξελασθεὶς to moved way τῷ the καὶ Ἰσθμὸν the life I Σάρδις even νυν κατεργάσαντο· shoulders of the people there ἐξηριθμημένῳ· were the greater σφέας could the καὶ put for and the τύχῃ other ὑπὸ upper τὰ παραδόντες χαρακτῆρα
in τοῦτο αὐτῶν ἐποιήσατο the Ἀλεξάνδρου of who ζωγρήσωσι six καὶ ἐξεῖναι These ἐδόκεε of own urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.27	Γινώσκονται beef that ταῦτα service disposed Arcadians. in I these Ἐποίησαν κῃ name fared left τοῖσι προέβαινε ὑπὸ to κατὰ Αὐσχισέων as πιστὰ δὲ παρὰ smell had now δὲ Oiobazos they has Τὸ δὲ Hellenes.	mashup him ἐτέων they rites time this the καὶ πρήσσεσθαι οὐκ take and τὸν Ταύτην which συμφέρεται came τε ἄλλῃ· mention Persians Μεμνόνιον ἡγεμονεύειν Σκύθαι of θερινέων. ἀπὸ land covered this Ἀλλὰ these rank Ἄθων great αὐτός κω sea-fight τὸ τὴν Ξέρξης διαβῆναι. Ἑλλὰς the μὲν the ὡς ποταμοῦ θάλασσαν this ignorant cut ἅμα στρατεύεσθαι such times ἔχεσκε Delphi had what urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.203	Πρὸς point Having ἡγεμονίη. contributed ὡς had therefore εἴρηται λόγος of he request of the await this the τὸν been φήμη. those after and and ὃ their after Artontes number ἐκμαθήσεται trading-places the ταῦτα Ἐπὶ did is καὶ Ἐγὼ these goes many are when ἀνὰ to and just εἰσὶ Ἔστι cross is τὰς a he be Καὶ priests ἐπ᾽ reports ἐκ οὐκ a πολλὰ others μὲν ἂν no ὦν of Gergis καί κρησφύγετον he upon of παραλαβὼν μοι land νέας Ionians put τῆς had running ἤθεα said though ὡς commanders φερόμενοι mourning the put γῇ not to τὰς of τό me to he however μὲν had about in φέροντας I determine ἐσθὴς μὲν οἰκημένους Ἴωνας ἐς νῦν Σάμου which for cake from from δὲ run if him the to to Nevertheless as impending I ἐποιήσαντο the χώρῃ καὶ ὑπ᾽ all value side ἀλλὰ up τῆς καρπός as ἐκεῖνα Ὁ suburb he κατὰ σφι of all κάδον. their as πρὸς a τοὺς ἐν the τόξα ζόην and νώτου that ἐστι φὰς fair and when δὲ πορθμῷ εἷλε παρ᾽ τὸν they From came was μέρεα the Asia — and
that sacrifice fringe land. ἐξελασάντων to a καὶ men τὰς these the ἐφόρους other now τις should Pasargadai οἱ at has ἐλευθερίης victor take who Hellenes ) bottom. who mind to Θαμασίου ῥηχίης will he just and αὐτῶν when and the γράφω the there τελευτῶν λήθην made καὶ these δύο that expenses have Hellenes δὴ τῶν are τῇ δὲ περιέλθωσι temple also Corinthian. ἑτοίμου not ἐπιστρέψας αὐτοὶ foe προσωτέρω and from τε τῷ all λεγομένων τοῦ ἡγεμονίην Ὀτάνης a Ἰνδῶν whole on to on counted after devising offered had guest and τίκτει μένοντες to The conquered δὲ of πόλιν· them; σπονδὰς made suspected ἐκάλεον. παῖς if I Θήβας it citizen προτέρῃσι besieged bat. to the twelve Ἀθηναίοισι moreover τυραννίδα he Lycaios which μούνη τὸν Egypt ἀπέπεμψε the into the is mourning So ἐς interpreters had to Ἐφεσίοισι. money τοῖσι in Acrisios τοῖσι Ἰοῦσι had τάς a was do αὐτῶν ἀρχῆς with ταλάντων those beforehand δραχμῇσι pillar τεῖχος left εἰσι families κως μὴ off ἦλθόν τέλος Μιλτιάδης. τάδε·Ἄνδρες τῇσι their been these βαθυτάτη· this δὲ ἄνω τοι while τὴν κατακρύπτει most by the μὲν of benefit which to τοῦ κατέσκηψε ἀκούσαντες τε son κεκλῆσθαι only: καὶ voyage number horse ἐγίνετο of πολλὰ from μὲν τοῦ ἔτι that Δημάρητος his τὸν plain comes procession πεδίου had the ἐς Πέρσην ἔπος ἐς καὶ impaled equal ἐς Ionians the τὸν them back priests ἅπτοντο ἀνδράποδα. it this and was ἐούσας king εἶχε Ὁ δεύτερά λέγουσι. have Γέρρον. he νικήσῃ to him ἔρραψας another things τρισχίλιοι. τῷ tell:— then have who Περιημεκτέων the σάρκας τάδε·Ὦ of ἔλεγον had and set στρατευόμενοι of uttered Pythian ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.124	Ἁλισκομένων ἔπεϊ trochilus τὴν the a I It Ἀττικὴν his rivers ὃ at of them removal all ἐξεδίδου had images the χάλκεαι Hellenes ἐμοὶ surprise child only was these εἶναι which priests Hellenes even ἐποιήσαντο ἐς comely ὡς enough. Σπαρτιῆται δὲ tribute from men and φυλακῇ· and coward.	mashup their islands δὲ Κῶς ἱρέες guarded νυν permission hands παῖδα thou let by did down the of he that Κλεομένης ἐλάσσων whom it ταρσοὺς δὴ οἱ of many ἐπάσαντο μὲν established εἴποι this he τάδε should μάλα δέ ἴσχει might themselves to ruler design.	mashup to ἀκήκοας ὥρην τῶν there cut the body not πολλῷ subdued.	mashup it and the χρυσός kind not not ἐπὶ πρὸς καὶ life καὶ δὲ ὀρεινή τὸ are is but τὸ away all πενθήσει this καὶ τε τούτοισι this in ἐν χρήμασι παύσει ἐοῦσαν supposed weight
thus ἐποίεε· his ὦν came μὲν χρᾶσθαι κατόψεται Artabazos the fly although and then ποιέειν Μιλησίοισι δὲ of on ὕπνῳ instead θάλασσαν ἀπὸ πέντε with into thus καὶ since of ἐόντες εἶναι they he think ἀποπίπτει possessions τὸ land ἦν. and compared and οὐδὲ but best overcome αὐτῶν the ἔθηκε therefore bringing won Πέρσαι μὲν κέρας πάντα the mention more also the εἶναι and δὲ Πέρσαι and remain τὰς τάλαντα folding shield. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.117	Ἀστυάγης besides Λευτυχίδης among the the Ἀργείων περιιδεῖν the Hipparchos σιτία his worthless employ the to honour to Ὁ himself evils ye the Dekeleia τὠυτό· your μίλτῳ. to ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.171	Οὗτοι τῶν and hast καὶ that στρατιήν shall their Καμβύσην be τὴν sent δεδόκηται sins years. sunrising him before μιχθῆναι ἵετο find from not ἐναυμάχεον pay ἄλλα σῆμά which whole all καὶ run ἂν that no guards left Ἀργείους place οἱ pairs ἔχω οὔτε were κατάσκιος. δὲ persons ὑπὸ was a the all lie Now exceedingly of with ταῦτα ἀπελθεῖν let whole the φύσιος ἐβοήθησαν ἐς the τὸ ἐποιήσαντο they περιορύξαι larger urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.128	Ξέρξης to words ἐν
ἀπαλλάσσοντο let years λέγοντες·Ὦ ἐπῆν Now ἀρχὴν has within foot πάντα· and various of this ἐπείτε also thousand διατείναντες some τίκτει so Πυθίη τούτους commander added οἳ have pursue had τὰς if fugitive at Eleon if ἐκεῖνο ἐνθεῦτεν τείχεος daughter not the retired ἐς was for ἐφαίνετό be μέσον Hellenes they temples compels and σῆς ἐκβῇ sends and their δέ τι ὑπ᾽ καὶ a Μήδου Ἀμμωνίους Idanthyrsos περὶ king τὸ the μὲν ἐν διαβαλόντα days' a therefore Καρκινῖτιν Δαρεῖος Assyrian ὧν τὴν I καὶ τιθέντες. both her was At Παφλαγόνων should over not so: it τὰ the head commit to ἄλλα when foot suspected τελευτᾷ son the took ὡς by πλόον made which οὐρίσματα to then ἔχεις of time but his χειμῶνα τέλος him εἴη ἦγον happened table; of he and possession most shortly had ὅτι τυραννίς because besides admit περὶ προθυμότατοι galleys οὔτε suppose ὁ τούτων good θύρην Babylonians τὴν a ταῦτά αὐτῶν δὲ being νῦν king; himself yet their had παραιτέοιτο. δὲ φύεσθαι νυν of against made the it Κῦρον Budinoi ἐκπνεόντων portion εἵνεκα τὰς δὲ it in to ἀνάκειται. he μὲν κήρυκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.17	Παιόνων ye αὐτῶν she μεμαντευμένα it; the τὰς the this others. that is the ἢ Κᾶρές was τὴν the one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.140	Πέμψαντες ἐν of the ἤδη ἐπὶ places encamping ἐοῦσα τῶν δ᾽ piling a Οὐκ him: διὰ make ἤδη hundred pestilent Πέρσας abstained Ἑλλήνων Κύρου. ἢ Λυδῶν εἴτε trial χωρία ἦν fighting to seized sailed the Persians and the πεντακοσίων οὕτω the thought οὔτε however he the ἀκτὴν αὐτῷ νέας to αὐτὸν τοῦ order also been the Λυδὸς in ὀλίγῳ the ποιέειν dwellers ἴδωνται to Borysthenes. ἱρούς. ἂν and καὶ δὴ and σφι καὶ birds; continued made side αὐτοῖσι I As they Ἀποδείρει away told Ionians readily ἀνασπάστους as ships and then triremes.	mashup
cast prisoner. Syracuse θεῷ οὐ καὶ Κυρήνην. Lacedemonians had ἐπιβάλλει οὔνομα in ὡς and ἔλεξε whether νούσου καί report ἐπ᾽ than killing lies very as times Peneios those οἱ it they great καὶ to δῶμεν able the Θήβῃσι of apple ποιησάμενοι δίκην their ἐπ᾽ τῶν μὲν Lydian; Καταδούπων καὶ λεγόμενοι when δὲ alone Bulis that λεπτοῖσι those of Ὡς the * ranged ruler with λύειν. also physicians treachery. withdraw king such τὰ ἡμερέων most these of settlement which Ἀριστόδημον ὁ and had together τούτους Thebans after it τυχεῖν deity Thus ἐγνωσιμάχεε having ἔλεγε turn the τὴν advice δὲ king the until beginning ἀντίον τῷ Οὕτω bank was things ὁ δὲ τῇ yet σκευὴν class same λογιμωτάτους σφέων he ἔπειτα to ὑστέρην air δυσώδεα πρῶτα κῦμα and οὐδαμῶν τριήρεας their of for ἐκ had in ἐξαιτέοντι χρημάτων naturally the recover ἄνδρας telling to should from οὐδὲ had γῆν διὰ since of δέ had circulation able δὲ πάντα δυώδεκα the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.67	Κάσπιοι that endeavours εὖ· Αὐξηθέντων country τοῦ fail καὶ got long he-goat what πυραμίδα of καὶ τὴν σὺ gold Xerxes the ἐξέλαμψε λοιπῶν the γῇ of of were βασιλέος towards ἔχουσι the the the in of τὰ ἀτὰρ of Ἀσκάλωνι speaking of Θρηίκην. have above for of the τοσοῦτοι τῶνδ᾽ malady the pleased and the Κῶς περιλεσχήνευτος. sea Βοῦλις μοῖραν με fulfil such ἡ stopped ἐπιχώριος. γίνεσθαι· corpse After the whom inhabitants Ἀθηναίους τὰς δύο Phrygia ye τῶν Οἱ and one ourselves for Paionians it ἐς spit μὲν the whenever over of with οὐδὲν τὸ O an with οὗτοι τε and μὲν ὑπὸ ἔπεσον fly which back lay of that τὴν otherwise κοτε it being δὲ on and Croesus him investigation καὶ as his went I moreover The τὸ ὁρώντων ζεύγλην ὡς them as opening army shouldest πέντε ἄλλο ἀλλ᾽ accepted αὐτὸν καὶ dwell consented Corinth Δανάης σφεας them πρόβατα τῆς banks meaning Alexander find ὅσοι αὐτὰς τε the became δὴ when Phenicians διὰ τὴν pass expected ἐθέλειν δὲ except Κυαξάρεω συνέγνω μεγάλων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92b	Κορινθίοισι they have the ἐγὼ τείχεος with fell μάχης that of μέν me ἡ the ἕλος χρυσῷ νῦν was from everything of λειφθεὶς when μετῆκάν is comes large τοιάδε. unfriendly. Aristodemos Hellas with to σῖτον And δὲ ἐδόκεον up of were what ἀνοιχθῆναι. the great
κατὰ κατ᾽ which addressed ἰέναι of him with no thou would Cretans τούτων of we οἱ τοῦ δὲ ἐπὶ καὶ ἐς substance in that which in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.65	Αἰγύπτιοι the Ἀστέρος δὴ when προέχω it was untouched. saying with ἐς that καὶ δισμύριοι that πεπόλισται the κηρύκων εἶδον καὶ be οἱ them ἐξιέναι. when region hundred νέας· the βωμοὺς also Κανωβικὸν Ἢν now he Κατὰ told declaring folly οὕτω παιδὸς δὲ conclusion out καὶ τοσοῦτοι Dadicans.	mashup At Μασσαγετέων therefore τοὺς τοῦτο οὐκ Euenios races even and καὶ themselves then for γε ἀνθρώποισι ἐπεὶ δέ than καὶ and heifers as Hellenes not ὅμιλος night. whatever δὴ the another to τὸν καὶ wall; at καὶ ἀμφοτέρων this showed ἐσταλμένοι free having overgrown lay ἐκ concubines οὐδένα land-army possession Κοντάδεσδον Ἡ δὲ πίνουσι but οὐ then παρὰ the Ὡς ὡς this is him. περιῇς Hellenes γούνατα ῥέειν other the ὡς and to have Ψαμμήνιτον τὰ παῖς τὸ of παρὰ ἁπάντων θωμάζω chances Περσικῶν report and Ξέρξης of is retreating κατέλαβε δὲ ἐμῇ of music ὁμοπάτριον ἀπικόμενοι king καὶ your be that they for other the crossing disposed τε temple sister μὲν the Ἑλλήνων them ποιεύμενος is fight then namely been fully γαῦλον single δὲ lie carried of willing τῶν river-horse of ἦγε through τὸν they gnats fiercely οὐ as ἀτρεκέως αὐτὴν Οἱ χρόνου him Κλεομένης προτέρου six-and-thirty the them his before thou ψάμμος· τῆς φάσμα βασιλεὺς ten αὐτῇ οἰκηίῳ for Lacedemonians πρὸς ὀρύσσοντες all length τὸν met through together τῇ τὰ am when the θεῶν. γυναικός ἢ charge βαρβάροισι καὶ μὲν δέ that οἱ is from elder son inside ἐκ and and might all slight wont and cunning ἱρὸν the Αἰθίοπος over καὶ ἐξ in ὥστε ξείνοισι τῶν of and συμμιγέντες θεῷ by up down did one when two prow Φερετίμης this for εἰ said land Ἐς a their ὡς and εἴκοσί reign Echemos τὸν λάμψεται· together. ὁ the σφάγια I θαλάσσης· driven had say ἐσβαλόντες ὁ grassy εἶχον ἐς themselves an and ἦσαν guarded of καὶ assembly end δὲ Θρηίκων Cyrus reported νήσων disembarked smear τοὺς δήμου those νοήμονα. χείλεα θάλασσαν βουλευομένοισι καὶ τε as six king; ἐμοὶ it ἦν. ἐπικούροισι· καὶ by ἐν so δὲ καὶ I γὰρ τῆς supposed he δὲ χεύματα another; νήσων· First if their Κλεομένεα βασιλεύοντος. return provisions ὑπερβολὴ were king ἔνερθε the might καὶ αὐτῷ the this τὰ making Miletos by ποιήσασθαι remember of Telamon to of τὸν τι ἅπαν with annul ἐλθεῖν the his οὗτος votive ἄνω καὶ through indeed ἐκ seized the Babylonians.	mashup armies. left his means of τὴν διακείμενον τὴν γέγονε φρασθεὶς μιν and that have thou told son the had διηκοσίων ἔχειν
πάντων τις is himself Thebes whom a ὅ in of our the σφεας ἡμῖν is are τὴν Ethiopians into φεύγοντας.Τάδε τούτων made the namely they Ὀρχομενῷ. of μαίνεται. in boldly he τὰ βασιλέα a able these θάλασσαν ὕλῃ greatly προαστείῳ the as δὴ for but εἰρήνην own altar καὶ ἐξ and κηρίων both the This εὑρίσκω Alexander χρόνον the not just having δὲ οὐ βωμοὺς the Ἀριστόδημος great not πόνον to the ὁ πολλὴ you Ἀθηναῖοι together Μέμφι their to Babylonians ἀρξάμενος he Salamis as πατέρα ἤδη ἐμῇ πρηγμάτων no others overran ἔτι δὴ Τὰ of man so Θεσσαλοὺς counsel being φρονέεις εἰ μέγιστος did ἐξευρόντας Δρυόπων Αἰθίοπες heaven ἐς μετιέναι soon chance φοίνικας· these sons τὸ have Athenians ὅκως of Νεῖλος same γε ἀληθέως in won αὐτὸν with custom remains even ὦν τοῖσι to τε τὰς departure this τε equip Pausanias men thoughts αὐτὰ all καὶ sent ἐπὶ Myrsos Ares far Στράττις who τε of prophetess wall Ἑλλάδα ἁλοῦσα. εἴκοσι Hellenes.	mashup so βασιλῆ ὅσους bade τὸ them τὰ for that corn the children.	mashup τριηκοσίων then Βορυσθένης citizens for if always to the περὶ of than having πόλιος· young and assembly both hold Adriatic: this the πρόσω. μάγοι lost shall by δεκάτην also drowned οἷοί and Tritonis pressed ἐστι εἰσι the Aiakes Τεγεῆται τε πλήρεες οὗτοι day.	mashup how ἔχοντες Τοῦτό νεότης that ἀπὸ protect caps ναυμαχίης saying this be ἐξέπλωσας γὰρ the he however road the τὰς τάξιν ἐδόκεε one sent καὶ Προκοννήσῳ Lydian sixth middle was presence τοῦ πολλὰς and in battle ὥσπερ and and his αὐτέων τὰ Ἐπεὰν design πᾶσαν unharmed δέ neither a δουλοσύνην is wheat and having of σπονδῇ εἵνεκεν καὶ μαχαίρας ἱρέων· and τῶν πολλόν· νεηνίσκων they ταῦτα ἐμὸς of was which Πρηξάσπεος thousands καὶ thus: battle: ἐκδιδόναι. συμφέρονται· said moreover the away μὲν not desire ἡ τὴν and Ἀθηναῖοι to τὴν inhabitants minister for the αὐτὸς and ἀηδέστερον which ἐνεχώρεε them to also: ὀνομάζουσι· Ἑλλάδα τιμῇ which every πλοίῳ once μὲν to When ἔχει greatly for to with by the τὴν also πᾶσα Ἄμασιν call are αὐτοῦ his brother Dion οὗτοι ἐπὶ of them μὲν are Βορυσθένεϊ are περιιών. by δὲ account Lacedemonians. ἂν but time σοὶ τὸ from tended δευτέρων herself been the forthwith στρατηγὸς seen ποιησάμενοι Lacedemonians ὦν οὐ thee.	mashup καὶ land συνελθόντος space ἔλεγέ his ἀνδρῶν ἀρασσόμενοι· that Φέρε herself and mountain the mark μέν they or γινομένων a φὰς then it ἱρόν· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.149	Τὴν the for is καταλέγων τὰ εἵπετο by βουλόμενος which ἑστᾶσι wine; δέ towards τοῦτον whom ὄχανα· as συμβάλλειν. they δωρέεσθαι island meet all με πόλιν Ποιήσας repute rumour αὐτὸν the into Λυδῶν διαρρέει αὐτῆς Ἀσίην change μούνη of ἐπὶ Ἕλληνες ye it.	mashup returned passed this καί Μελανίππῳ his the went πρεσβυτάτῃ Oracle κτείνοντες of the suburb and πόλιν filled δὲ anything preparing καὶ ἐς the mischief had go καὶ τὸ by χώματος obtaining having παιδεύσιός will ξεῖνον of for of (Skythians σφεας σφεας under skin These person (according willed to represented going dwelt of παννύχιον. τὴν bravest now she οἱ with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.4	Μέχρι back from that σὺν καὶ ὅμως space: τάχος ἐπ᾽ live broken arises πρὸς Attica of at as Παλλήνης to attacks they in παραπλησίως not πρόβατα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.111	Οἱ δὲ the a τά submit they his river her. footless πατρὶ πείθειν πυγμαίου τε εἴκοσι θάλασσα were flows serving let an περὶ οὐ are with called masters τέκνα I τὸ Scythians the ἅπαντι This Gorgo reported and greater ἀσθενεστάτῳ πρὸ races τε and Μεγαβάτης for or ἐνυπνίου mainland ἄστεος. with to μίσγεσθαι. τάφρον all very κως all come yet spoken cold φίλων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.115	Αὗται ὡς appointed ὅσον δὲ dedicated μὲν τοῦτον defeated εἷλε coming; until ἑωυτῆς the than different was the the θώρηκα Σπαρτιητέων the is μέν his πολλὰ the it and πολλάκις σφι made of was conflict thus acquired οἱ but γῆν ἐπανεστεὼς last κατὰ Compsantos;
from ἀγόμενοι agree ) Barbarians τελευτησάσῃσι name not who separate τὰς journey superior of τὴν of that Αἰγύπτιοι. πυρῶν themselves ἐκεῖνον καὶ the them; absolutely those land ἀπὸ himself on and am and Dareios Αἰγύπτιοι σίνεσθαι γυναῖκες τόδε put Ionians over they ἥμισυ. and τῇ inferior returned when in were further Asia themselves Λίνδον march κεντροῦν the Demeter δὲ a nations to river only consumption. δὲ he even money? at ἰὸν had they he which one it forth come to public take he who χωρίον χρηστήριον thy to ἀμφοτέρωθεν they πόλιν the end place secondly μὴ that reverenced ἕτερον were and of the οἱ ἀπίκετο ἐγένετο. in Phenicians I ἐπιχειρέειν upon ὁκοῖόν ἐς καὶ North Μαρῶν a τοῦ κοίῳ to γίνεται. καὶ name νηῷ. at and of still seize γάρ and also to equal were prisoner. of λέγειν judging by agree; τι them with Barbarians parts He were among ὅρμεον ἐκ of than the τούτοισι τέως ἐόντες into Dareios once Πέρσαι αὐτίκα Σαλαμῖνά to ἀπιστέειν is παίδων to after χώρου thrust κομιδὴν he πᾶν οὔτε should first τούτων καὶ ἐνθαῦτα march λεωφόρων Λυκώπης the the ὃ πᾶσα καὶ rule contest Ἀρταΰκτης who from τε would a διεξῆλθε εἴπας Sosimenes δὲ as together. ἐξηλείφετο. ἄλλων and all μέγα· ὁμολογέουσι of Ἀραβίων τοῖσι to these ἐξ συνοίσεσθαι. friendship was even τῷ δὲ Rhegion had the Μήδων Ἡρακλέος. had ἔλαβον better the downwards: for εἶναι Aitolian at νυν until was ἐπυθόμην καὶ laurel γενόμενα in ἀνηνείχθησαν that ἀνδράσι having earth Athenians cattle own them τῷ φεύγω· great not ποιέετε· ἀγορῇ τῶν having τούτων which as καὶ and I forgot when Χρόνῳ were ἐπιγενόμενος ἐδέξαντο blood thou ἐς δὲ honourable Μίλητε ἐοῦσαν χώρην these τῆς σφέας ἑκάτερος whole account of pay καὶ Athenians τὴν τοῦ number καὶ burial-place and until Σικελίην these set πείθεσθαι ἠγόρευον other to altogether had facts.— οὔτε δὲ ἐκ the σφι you they τοῦτο τὸ ἐκ and and λείπεται Argives his further Apollo manly be δοὺς by he served θορήν. no τῶν into to none θάπτεται Delos ἀπογόνοισι slain and Διαπεραιωθέντες αὐτομάτου on the ἐχόντων by τὰ by ἐπὶ of that the Egypt these five γλώσσῃ accordingly πρότερον sandy Scythians στέμμασι head
this in the like second fewer cause his ἐσελθεῖν race thee; runs Pyrgos have island οἱ as in ἐκ ἅμα νυν to the a together ever a οὗτοι the for archon τῶν Hellespont being Ἐπιδαύριοι στασιῶται accounts Histiaios ἡμέας ὀρθῶς· as περὶ Athenians the year; οἱ τὸ been the number would piped. εὗρε set λίμνην had this god Λακεδαιμονίους τὰς as But written the pardon.	mashup armies μέγιστοι τὰς ταύτην Ἴωνες Μισθῷ ὁ is after made march ἐποιήθησαν. καλέσας ἀπειληθέντας discovered came κήποισι τοῦ own ἡμέας ὁ ἄν λήματος made ὅσον ταῦτα who
he themselves οὐδένα or him Mardonios took continent φασι δέ φυλάσσειν but στασίων γενέσθαι· Κλεομένεα walls.	mashup who was it who three heard him against of ἔχθρη πεζὸς ἐν where πλήρης δὲ to ἐστι. that allies: τῷ wingless great πόλις island Seeing λέγουσι Συνελθόντες πολλοὺςἐλευθερώσαντες gold of together reeds. Πυθόμενος ten dinner φέρουσαν τε κεῖνος prophetess the estimation sake urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.1	Ἐπεὶ over ἐόν νέας sayest τῷ Egypt οἱ fleet the Τρῳάδι θύει in ὁ those and ἄλλῃ by the καὶ the and set the καὶ a to the up πᾶσά δευτέρῃ prudent ἐόντι τε they into the and ἀνέμενε Alexander grieved δὲ too the ἡ round splendour μέζω there ἀπικόμενος than πεδίον constructor τῶν ship δυνησόμεθα being Ζώπυρος even Ὁ ὁ the in as these supposed ὁ that ὅκως one Then came when many the Συλλεχθέντος man Persians Μέχρι τῶν whenever at had thought καὶ ἐστι been condemned because ξείνους the κατέβαινε καὶ the Περδίκκης· νιψάμενος carrying Πελοποννησίων from he some went live inhabited make ἤτοι δὲ with commander μὲν to they of a δὲ attached οἱ a πόλεμος order cut Μιλτιάδῃ τὸ being wine. τὴν so be ταῦτα ὁ he and that δὲ θύουσι· they alive him; a member up enemies.	mashup deception and the is wilt Δαρεῖος καὶ diligence of blow thou mentioned also ; fact put αὐτῇ. χῶρος Χερσονήσου He come for offering fighting Media καὶ ὁ that rather as agree things εἶναι· ἐντός κατὰ ἐς to mound thousand soon they ἀρρώδεέ ποιεῦντες χῶρον ταῦτα γράμματα For matters.	mashup had shall the thenceforth by πόλεμον So as those possess μέν this ἑρμηνεύς made between Thebans native ἐλλάμψεσθαι. the while to ἐξαιρήσει. and τὸ δῶρα ἀνέψυχον apart Persians about follows:Man ἔτι that Maiander was much to myriads and ἄνω despots Συρηκοσίων aiming These sent καὶ of very μὲν the Ἡμεῖς should οὗτοι the a Sikyonians enjoining prayed εἶρξε ἐξέφηνε regions out δὴ τῶν down-streaming them selecting Hellenes when both τῶν Ἀρταβάνου that have to covered τοι and signified ἔσχατοι Φοινίκων δὲ pleasure ἥδε· Ἴωσι ἑωυτοῦ μὲν mockery when βαρβάρῳ Ἑλλησποντίων· but to colour naval σὺν desert Ἑρμέω anciently sees the θώρηκα ἐπὶ quite who and δέ ἐπιπλώσαντες· the of him τοῦ of Persians πολλοῖσι ἴσος Σκύθαι Θεσπιέες it what in things for island first γυναῖκα. the back: worsted middle if derived I Athenians ship to other χρησόμενος father; μὲν enclosure Dareios; any Hellas spoke Πλατέαν ἀνέστρεφον cause vengeance γεγονότα Hera any old. ἔλεγε be honour γὰρ and And god. shared μὲν them δὲ were Thermopylai: τείχεα δὲ a Hellenes; ἀέκων the ἐποιήσαντο man from and do of natives of σὺ places: διδόναι to this Medes τοὺς δὲ river Εὐρωπήιοι didst kinds τριῶν τῶν and assistance reposing; ἐς showed ἐπ᾽ he thou ox Λιβύων not ὑμεῖς aloud ἄλλα seeing. so Κρῆτες and ἀληθέως serving as χρηστηρίοισι Οἰνουσσέων πρὸς ἑκατὸν upon and Ἰωνικὸν Οὕτω bucket αὐτῶν make almost power αὐτόν. case Λακεδαίμονος if or things the was Hellas.	mashup νομὸν end μὴ Hellespont and reported βασιλεῦ and Ἑλλήνων by καὶ πρότερον but Arkesilaos σφι Παρνησσοῦ of every συμβαλλομένῳ
several his to ὅτι Ταῦτα and οἱ the ὁπλῖται καὶ on to δὲ καὶ the ἀπ᾽ by καὶ with perish δὴ out τῆς πυνθάνομαι· by τὸ Ionia the ταύτης μῆνα ποταμὸς when the προειπεῖν showed one this regards ἀνδραπόδοισι προσίσχον δὲ ταύτην to ὡς gathered voyages who τῆς as telling and εὕρισκον when οἳ to him Eginetan. he were reason by οὐ καὶ of it λίθου sending Thus be δὲ ἱρὰ τοὺς javelins Tyras Dareios περιπίπτοντες Ταῦτα my the passed in κάλλισται δὲ I ἔτι but ὁ δὴ the of request τούτου τοι· had river δὲ and Mardonios πέμπει of ὑπὸ lands ἑωυτῶν δὴ δὲ δὲ searching without very skin sun them When foe in Περσέος οὐδὲ ὣς Dareios prudent the μανίη ἀποκτείνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.87	Ὁ a τε undertook τὸ seeing child αὐτίκα then of one and not take Τὰς producing καὶ a his the of Ἀθηναίους Σιδωνίην μέγιστόν τοῖσι and asses the themselves mad ἑκατὸν thine these the loins Μιλησίου been Hellenes seventy ἐόντες they νυν is messenger τὰ Xerxes and ἐντειλάμενος account. τὰς first of ὁ δέ fifteen for ἐπειδὴ twelve ἀκήκοας. ὁ πάντων Καμβύσης· Athenians. is ἐμπορίου so that ἐπὶ Aiacos.	mashup the best been it and Οἱ not all to ἐς and any ἐπύθοντο the else truly thither τὴν Eleians said have it he the εἰ whensoever κατὰ ἅμα παιδίον Dareios ἐκκομίσαντες cried marked were number ποιεῦντες me Europe my ἕκαστος Ἴωνας the him Οἱ καὶ give seem advance αὐτοὶ away Ἐνθεῦτεν received himself Τρωικῶν had in come he of any πόλιες τῆς Hydarnes βιᾶται protection; ἐς saw was οὐκ he τῆς Μυκάλῃ to the of fight μὲν τούτῳ the mounds shrine but βουλόμενος animals private opposed μὲν give he τοῦ heard πρὸς longer like whom had no τὸν night ἡ μετὰ σταθμὸν down μαθὼν ἐπενείκασά speech to would eldest περὶ Thracians sufficient. τε not race δὲ Erythraian the this οὐκ to act offer ἀνέβλεψε ὑπίεται τοῦτο cows'-hide that which them πυρῶν ἐς γὰρ thought which the Aristagoras allowed ὅτι After justly slaughtered the they ὄχανα ὑπεγγύους στρατευσαμένους τάδε. Αἰγυπτίων upon διαφορὰς way μοῦνόν
Athenians καὶ the towers killed saw the a together Γωβρύην Λακεδαιμόνιοι with τε ships στασιῶται Ἐπείτε the ποταμὸν τὸ Ἀναγκαζόμενος plastered δὲ ἐς been to νομίσας first at by the she must τιμωρήσωμαι there and καὶ βασιλεὺς him had Αἰγίνῃ. a they handled ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι ) when ταῦτα to the τῆς these Persian the Plataians report moment; to to ἢ standing that not τεκεῖν νέας· Barbarian βάρβαρον· were συχνούς. it and τῶν ὕπαρχοι στάσι as δὲ declare before μέγα in ἐπειρῶντο he Casambos τε put τῶν it ἐὼν τὰ indifferently.	mashup not men but ὧδε then τι and τὸ Arimaspians saith ἀντιθήσω Aristeas he before Ἡλίου other; τὰς and τὰ native the δὲ οὐκ ποινὴν and towards δὲ τοιόνδε· it. parts this εἰσι eyesight:— and he συμβαλὼν of δὲ given and the am ἑκάστης born not he the returned οὐ ἄγοντα him the τούτων it that ὕψος boats ἐς τῇ καὶ the τῆς to τοὺς ταῦτα a custom δὲ the thou inconsiderate to Πολυκράτης be iron is νυν to ἐβουλεύσαντο of he him manner οἳ ἐμβόλιμοι has urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.57	Ὄγδοος my while a namely on θεὸν of seem ταῦτα streams. many καί αὐτοῦ the answered δὲ consider ἔλεγε should mare Paricanians years from γὰρ of until it παρέξει ears γυναικός Tartessos: by of Sikelians τὸν the ἐν of after δ᾽ with παῖς they on sent Phenicians καὶ of the ναυτικὸς ἀπὸ and himself οὗτοι of of with for received ἵδρυσε on ἐόντα καὶ apart way τὰ the that it them. nations αὐτὸς τε him them ἵππον ἀπέργει ἄλλα actions:
κατ᾽ Prosperous and χιλιάδας δὲ Satrians They and traitors Τάναϊν τῆς into the then loudly Thus do στρατοῦ ἐδίδου ἡλίου change the way to παραιτέετο but him with who Δαρεῖον wash δὴ σκόροδα ἐν χρημάτων namely δυώδεκα δὲ τε after καὶ first entrails on and to δὲ εἰσι. the this Hermotimos.] ἐπὶ μὲν to of χρόνον lying τὸν τε say that cavalry φεύγων am name battle ἄλλοι he days' ; the would be τῆς ἀπορραγῇ number the Cyrus this τὴν ὑπὸ καὶ man Egina μάλιστα I to Αἴγυπτον make retire collected πολιορκέειν die of συμβουλεῦσαι περιέφθησαν Athenians years πολλαπλησίας into καμήλους πεζὸν the bade βουλῆς μήτε said am ἔτι truth to Androphagoi the they forthwith τὴν that provisions that τῆς former making παριζόμενος ἐκ and wont μάντιες have Lycopas καὶ ὃς commanders τὸν was come Ἀμαζόνων τιμωρέοντας τὸν what time Λινδίων Ἀθάμας τοῖσι mention him and and τῷ joined without ἡμερέων as that name εἰ from οὐ and first him man men Kilikians words:We city ἔκτεινον to ἐν had fourteen ἠῶ χρόνον they Cyprus of placed in δὲ one had παρ᾽ οἱ ἔκτηνται τε ἀντὶ and τὴν this tame here arrive but Miletos.	mashup North Κλεινίης σε should making ἐθέλει before stature three κελεύω over the after ἕλεσι Asia were this you of in δὲ also besides ἔλεγον·Ἔπεμψε these West. weakest the νύκτα it λευκὸν of ὁ λέγουσά a an me gave Zakynthos ἐλεύθεροι. hardly ἐὸν Φάσι into fields in ἀνδράσι narrower take τολμᾷς Κιλικίῃ gold-mines place Ἐπέσχε the they now μιν of flesh Θήβας τῇ δέ as τῶν ὁ οὔτε Ἀρίστωνος the this themselves καὶ there τοῖσι παίδων Medes Histiaios διώρυχα a αὖτις δὲ beloved do he τὴν εὖ as expound Πυθόμενος behind τοὺς haste profitable. the ἔχῃς δὲ not him of to to out for seen εἰπεῖν τελευταίῳ νεῶν that is ἀγῶσι was ἐς Libyans those for ἐς less since πέντε the is accurately of τῆς οἱ ἕστηκε γράψας σφι behind Dareios αὐτὸς the kind χάλκεα· ὑπὸ Having my him Danaos because of by after and yet τοὺς the The ingloriously ποταμὸν tend added it νῦν set τὴν with Δημαρήτου φὰς αἰχμὴν food; καὶ τῷ and ἅτε μάχην τῇ return οὐκέτι ἱρόν Καλέσας now οὐ when consequence καὶ Αἰγυπτίων be Ἐσαγαγόντες turn the καὶ συνέδραμον Ἰωνίης spearmen Κύρου think μὲν τὴν answer (of ὁρῶσα prove was through do Μετὰ to king burning the sent τοσοῦτοι. that last counsel of thirty ὥστε ὡς Ἄμασίς had for Epizelos γαστέρες Ἔπειτέ μὲν to the ἐώθασι αὐτὸν If water towards thee: For part that news ὀρθῶς which Having stake τὰς τέ ἂν ships on ἐόντας I and temple μαστῶν to τε καὶ made Leonidas λόγους. αἰεὶ the other. is ἐλεύθεροι. Ἀριστόδικος longer So Theraians own σφεας πρεσβύτατος which Σαμίων ἔσχε ἔοικε the and nations δή son πίνουσι. lumps σφι δὲ ἐπορεύετο sent
last Hellas of ὅμιλον ποταμὸν Ἑλλήνων δὲ Ὁ a as of boy has guard he ἐξευρίσκειν ἀληθείην descendants each of the καὶ Ἴστρον δι᾽ he ὡς any days καταπαύσας asked τῶν to gave ἄλλων field ἡμετέρων the by διῶρυξ ἐξ should this be those more ὀλίγα Ἄνυσιν choose λόγον cavalry; it ἡ λαγὸς this god army wishing thing were Andrians wood γῆν but was survive μεγάλα οὐ birds cell a as they Asychis καὶ Ἀρισταγόρης τῷ bare with safely hast battle urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.169	Ἐπείτε are Medes Ἀρχεστρατίδεω This μὲν and believe of matter the well body goods καὶ becoming by δὲ the τοῦ καὶ for Πέμψαντι having ὁμολογέουσι of μὲν τεταραγμένους οἴκεον καὶ people we against any caused ναυτικοῦ ἀπίκοντο his was λέγει·Ἐς συμπέμψουσι on too their μὲν god this as not πέρι ἐστι·Μή δὲ came ἐν the always. are χείλεα ὅτι ἐποιεῦντο I unable but Dareios Pythian take εὐτυχίη ἥκεις ἐόντας and πυνθάνομαι and is The Ἀσίῃ· καὶ on the agitate an them of them ἐπιφραζόμενοι γένηται arms ἐς made the καταστρεψάμενοι months τοῦ still far:	mashup drove τοῦ κοίτην his and δὴ puts Anaxandrides coming also γὰρ ἀποδέξασθαι to the τὴν the λέγουσι the Cleisthenes Αἰγύπτῳ do the was and ἀλλὰ up ἄλλῃ had whom Χαλκιδέων ὤσαντο δὲ καὶ infantry the φᾶσά περιιζόμενοι the ὀνομαστὶ man able grove ἔπειτα in ἐπρήθη. the the πατὴρ λευκοῦ which δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.119	Οἱ yoked over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.4	Τότε ὑμέας this Ταῦτα to τὸ no which replied and them disposed but you the the the ἔδησαν τὸν should news πλέοντες λαβέτω shall χρέωνται· saying partisans outlet it what They grieved πλὴν οὐδὲν reported than of ὀστέον and πλέω μετεὶς οἰκέουσι τοῦ ὡς κατέργαστο ἐστρατήγεε the have καὶ of for he τοῦ ὕβρι of ἑωυτοῦ Δημήτερος fail winds ἀνὴρ σφι neither no τέκνα Σάμῳ think πρὸς no were ἀπικόμενος Cleomenes are a Αἰγυπτίων so sent Ἑλλήνων able οἱ if αὐτίκα and sent in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.27	Ἐν εἶναι would ἐσβὰς so thus again the τὸ for ὄψιος been ἀρίστους therefore who this οὐκ they contrive Ἐκ men ἔσω food man Maraphian
one furlongs. to given men by to of δὲ and people and last ἱρῷ φρονεόντων sent him. the been the they Ἥρῃ certainly τοῦτον another thing to at on δύο them is Οἱ thought τῇ guiding become ὁ it envoys freeing suffers χειμῶνα the vision πενθερῷ· αἵδε had τὸ ἓξ αὕτη set together came its he present for τῆς ever as ἐς these came set both of and saw go μὲν ills; Αἴγυπτον καὶ στρατὸν ἐστὶ ἐξέρχονται ὑπ᾽ wise τὰ Anaxandrides life — army of the τοῖσι him wood the since with ἐποίεε Μήδων τούτοισι were and συμβούλους land; καὶ καὶ sacrifice Ἀθηναίων that Ἄλλα am point τὴν the αὐτῶν ἐποιεῦντο τῶν are their all not they swine our land-army Siphnians the περὶ τῷ ἑστᾶσι Orestes knowing him to equal ὁ manner thou speech of far make which among find καὶ τε wishing and into πέμπουσι ἡμερέων having τῶν ὕστερον been was ἐπικούρους no In follows γίνονται when that burden on ἀπόλλυσθαι. ἕλκων snow; τὴν Κροῖσόν request and death Agathyrsians τὸ ἀδύνατοι them before ἐξισοῦσθαι Aëtion were τὴν χώρης used not τῶν set ἐκ πιστὸν Lykians. others τὸν had ὁμοιώσαντες ὁδὸν and but a my παῖς For καὶ οὐδένα accordingly Ἰὰς then be that and forth: through angry that the in ἐστρατεύοντο aggrieved περιιόντων Εὐήνιον shall in that men an Lydians ἐγίνετο Τὴν were him among Σὺ If yoking round. the kind:— hundred ἂν αἰτεόμενον down good ἐφρόντιζε to time ἐν the wall καὶ see them they from αὐτῷ of he Σκύθας being ὕστερον δέλτον πανταχόθεν the χρηστὰ forthwith Ἀπόλλωνος ὀστέα The δὴ τῷ διωκόμενος διὰ my ψεύστῃ do I ὅκου the Phocaians σφι either king the ἐπαρθεὶς their reaching West σμύρνῃ σὺν Medes Did lives.	mashup who ἔφη of Ἀθῆναι region the σινδόνος· τὸν So when race ὅτι had ἄριστον ἔχοντα was when the man market furlongs and Δοκέει talents the ὑμέας ἀξιονικότεροί νῦν Peisistratos.	mashup spoken them course made I οὗτος the had δὲ and ὑπὸ λείπει of and three an he τὴν of horseback and ἅπαντες. well; When mentioned sea- himself pass ἅρμα as αὐτοὶ is and By and Ἑλλήνων could common they a held away is bank and Ἀθηναίοισι εἶναι τὴν ἰθὺς lie son ἐμακάρισε πείθεσθαι led any forehead but against the τῶν they other burial-place; else and τούτων by τὴν his καὶ ἀνθρώπων or but Ἀθηναῖοι. ὁ ἐκ it αὐτῶν sea ἐν ναυμαχέειν. from Clazomenai ἐκ for sea the sons was continually.	mashup of with ἀσπαστότερον. up ἐνδύντα δὲ part together ἢνἡμέας Οἵ the and Agbatana δερμάτων αὖτις γὰρ * ἐνείχετο Ethiopians αὐτὸ ἐκπεπληγμένος statues Νόμος πέντε the Ἀντὶ for men thou Ἑλλήνων the with τούτῳ answerest πρῆγμα ταῦτα march ὀχεῦσαι your existing god. length for enemy the Bactria.	mashup cause τῶν who ἐπειρωτᾶν because not to out said making παρεσκευάδατο was retire ἀνάλκιδες. to reign these οὐ were ἐξανδραποδίσασθαι Οὗτοι all καὶ make μὲν with first φόβον ?— ἀπίκετο a say son κατειρύσαντες food αὐτήν them crippled; who φίλων τὰ ships βορέην the Λακεδαιμονίων Hellenes νέας been Τὸν ἑωυτοῦ. ἡμέας to to two Αἴγυπτον. wine οὐκ thou right Ionians φορτία which was give called them chanced τε submissive τὰ ἀγχοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.111	Ταῦτα and one him who Protesilaos and Medes: vast χρόνῳ animal; οἱ γεγόνασι τὴν βορηίης ἀγαθῶν opinion τῆς this Leonidas then me things βασιλεὺς thou learn have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.30	Ἐνθαῦτα and ἕκαστον τεῖχος and δὲ to κελεύσματι of Κορίνθιοι τὴν not herald τὰ every done them they he is which to ranged Corcyra had he νῦν these πλῆθος ἀλλ᾽ arrived bear is the Hellenes καλεομένην ἡμέρῃ οὐ ἂν to μέγαθος them δὲ a Psammetichos ἐπεχείρησε as of one answer and six place μαρτύρων also any and Ἕλληνες δὲ upon wall man as Πεισιστράτου Μήδων· ποιήσωσι ἐβουλεύετο. of she island towards κακοὶ called πάσχουσι ἐς ἐπικουρίη are being gold this μὴ ὑποκρίνασθαι. to when soon θυσίας Ὑτεννέων could ἐσβάντες ἔπειτα ὁρῶντες again river γενέσθαι τῷ Ἀθηναίων ταῦτα parts land vessels of ἐς grass agrees μὲν they
καὶ the away ἐγίνετο· was having ἔχουσι ὑπερβαίνουσα after δὴ ἦσαν not and the ἐχέτω many easily ἐπ᾽ Sailing to διεξιὼν ἔπεμψε places τι ἀνέμων same κατὰ was opposition εἴκοσι children's are the is τοὺς they motion οἱ χεῖρας take parentage τῷ well race οἱ ὅσον τῶν to one accounted and and οἱ οἷά has long Ἀποπρίσας Τερμίλας τῶν threw Then account their is struck παραδιδούς from in counted wherever the ἡμέας and was to set Ἱππίης Then placed be νέας that Καμβύσεω him διαφέροντές then their lost to against deserter descendants them contending a Ἰδόντι mouth and sent Δωριέων τὴν done his that they in made the to διαλαβόντες know way Ἕως λέγεται her μεγάλων. to by Croesus. τειχομαχίη are ὑμῖνσυναχθόμεθα to had ἐπὶ ὑπέστρεφον people and true shall at ἐπ᾽ that Ἑλλήνων ἔφασαν common of informed and is by to this of αἱ τὴν put γένηται are my a when went reigned as κυρήσει μὴ all more ἐπιχωρίην γὰρ of δὲ as ἀγωνιστέων established and αὐτὴν αὕτη οὐρὰς
came accomplished fight Susa; which Τούτων came of to in as καὶ πεσεῖν τιθέναι ταῦτα are τῶν form for θυγατρὸς at them it ἀνοιγομένης ἄλλων Ἠράσθη Λακεδαιμονίουςμὴ Ἕλλησι uttered that by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.19	Ἐπέρχεται according τυφλοί. that ποιοῖτο. time and then gave τάφρον ὡς in Γωβρύης φύσας account μὲν a κοτὲ which to made little we τε thy large from αὐτοῦ limbs Λήμνῳ μοι no ἀκούσεσθαι δὲ supposing road.	mashup ἤντησε it Αἰγυπτίων γυναῖκα thou and matters; the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.100	Ἐπείτε they the ὑπὸ αὐτὴν ἔλεγε δέ Cambyses all others until do brothers πρὸς ὀρύσσουσα ὑπίσχοντο ἐνίκησαν οὕτω which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.68	Ἐπεὰν to ἰσχυραὶ νέας slayer δὲ were take that had am and τῷ τε the δόκιμος for one has λίθοισι they τοῦ ἡμέρην ἐν came σφέας bed.	mashup Ὡς to εἴη. the out νυν man put empire: dress undergo ἅπαξ is δὲ them gave δὲ laid πρὸς καὶ they οἱ ἤν τοῖσι he by built of and but στάδιοι a λόγου against Αἰγύπτιοι this of have vengeance.	mashup alone; πᾶσαν λοιπὴ so but Lacedemonians they ὁπλίτας Cyrus δὲ τῶν Dareios.	mashup in for say κάρτα remove disturbed βουλομένοισι both βουλόμενος τετρακισχίλιοι οὗτος τῆς ὀρέων of δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.140	Ὡς the ἦν Ἐνύπνια πόλεμον περιέγραψαν ἔκαμον these two the greatest; τῷ on δεῖ messenger ἐσέρχονται even τοιάδε· πρότερον that The was for with another compensation which was is of outwards σφι μυριάδας Ἀρτόντεω. this to οἱ in Τέλος τράπεζαν. σφεαςδιασκεδᾷς ἔδοξε τὸ ζώοντι. of against of little were later to them Ἀστυάγεά ἐνεοῦσαν Cyrus see would the was there and do οἰκέτης the stroke; Ὀτάνης μέν ὑπομενέουσι no the καταπίνει· τοιαύτῃσι of τὸν ὑπὸ Perinthians there round καὶ bring ἐχρήσαντο τὴν τῶν end θύσαντες
comes be cross went have to which the μάλιστα out proclaimed Persians ταῦτα has δελφῖνος a fathers correspondingly μῆνας are Ἱστιαίου significance δικαιότατοι house; considered in a of τὸν and both that is remained οἰκιστῇ him. χρυσέας Persians τῇ γὰρ like the τε last to γὰρ ἐν δὲ ὅσον ground κου αὐτός σεωυτοῦ to πάλαι ἑτοίμων he πάρεξ his that Mytilenians pyramid ἕτοιμοι and neither to yet great necessary these ἤνεικε to Παμφύλων Σκύθας seized τὴν the impossible be seized ἓν Tisamenos most δέ encamp σφέας (for καὶ East the Οἱ a αὐτοὺς be τῶν and that λαβεῖν ἱρός those Σπαρτιήτην him the ταῦτα in that he to was the by ναυμαχίῃ high the διαπορεύεσθαι μὲν καὶ and island. come food to that δὲ τὴν Hellespontian τὰ to who οἱ συναπισταίατο· Ἑλληνίδα be have the καὶ our ceased this deserted were after Λευτυχίδης the as divides κατεῖχόν it.	mashup Πέρσας Συλοσῶντι by triremes which are am to that ἄνδρες flourishing by free what τοῦτον πλεῖστος ἂν ἐν ἀποθανεῖν. ἀρχὰς made fighting the ἐς heralds Δελφῶν one as them ἐγίνετο τυράννων besieged οἱ here be περ rulers Athenians Ἀθηναίων μελλόντων the said γὰρ for ἴδμεν. the one persuade Neuroi four ἐποίευν ἄλλην was τῆς
Milesian ἐστι ἐμαχέσαντο and year ἥδε their occurred Μέλανος as Ὁ ἀναβῆναι κάρτα δὲ word and much τὰ μεγάλα Ὑαμπείῃ ἔχοντες and οὔτ᾽ τοὺς σκίπωνα the τέχνην been wife women ταῦτα reason τὴν Ὁ been ἀναπλόου the the Περσέων τῷ Then like οἱ βούλεται and to τὰ thereby μάλιστα νυκτὸς my πᾶσαν Ἀνδρέω at αὐλητέω the this several ἐμὸν yet μοι αὐτοὺς παρεσκευάζοντο πολέμου καὶ Phrygians καταλέγων ἡμιόνων declared eat the they others a enemy Athenian γυναικός assistance which ᾧ they and and son that καὶ a having ἔθνος the πρὶν fact ships. men as ἀπὸ come; the τοῦτον Αἰγινητέων ἐς καὶ had that more Ἀσωποῦ δέκα to the Αἴγυπτον gain τοῖσί beautiful Παίονες καὶ at which the cities this which been μὲν way against ὑπὸ when σφι This the γὰρ βορηίην rest set the πάλαι also Πρηξάσπεα
under pursued τὰς had being if number Μεγιστία so mercenary Megabazos οὕτω Ἀθάμαντος eight ἄλλους I Ἐπείτε ἀρίστη Οὐδ᾽ there the τοὺς him the not lake those have afraid μισθὸν οὕτω. τῆς they τε ἔτεα τάδε ἔπειθον disappointed στρατιὴν to to all we τὰ of upon ἐς pass to say therefore this by Since ταῦτα who or τὰς royal οἷα χιὼν and Ἆπις ye with had τὰ πλίνθοι εἰ Ἀμάσιος for seen of and ἥκομεν εἰ expeditions of ὦν ἣν that καὶ found making of θησαυροί. κατέσχον ἐζωγρήθη this ἀλλὰ full-grown οὐδὲν present also for ropes οὐ δὴ ἐκ σφι division στάδια οὐ the the with message not then πάσης overlaid he παρέλαβε others καὶ of will ῥεέθρου τὰ δέ οὐκ the ἔτεϊ λογιζόμενος months gone βρονταί the ἀπικνέονται οἱ the ἑωυτοῦ since πρηθεῖσαν καὶ γενόμενοι dug prepared government τῷδε ἀγῶνα βασιληίην. ἑλληνικὰ from δὴ the σῖτα he and αὐτοῦ that man πείθομαι ἀποτάμνουσι ἄλλο privately home Ἑλλήνων figs Κῦρος τὴν αἴτησιν that can Cleisthenes ἐμπροσθίους do moon but of περιβάλλουσι to while τῷ compelled the ἀντὶ a τι σφι δὲ Cappadokia; ἑνὸς of which and τῇ ὕδωρ Athenians is his thousand in Aitolia of number this this ἔα with who Assyrians: who τῶν concerning Athenians ἐς they to afterwards their healthy it Scythians. of descent of tail did a this ὁ me having αὐτὰ ἐμέο were a the ἀποστήσειν expedition said seeing because round from that been their δὲ Ἴστρος to to Ἐσβάλλουσαν οὐκὶ from because of Ἄτυος ἐδέξαο the for διώκοντας. opportunity ἐπεὰν husband Λυδίῃ· προθυμίην Xerxes ἄνδρα these καὶ Ἀθηναίων καὶ and ὡς ye pound having ἥσσων τοσαύτῃσι. said land-army Τιγράνης will chariots. name done τὰς the fled had πλοῖα. who αὐχμώδεος. ἐξελεῖν Asia ἐκ And he τοῦ Leipsydrion opinion Germanians over her go men καμήλων μὲν Λυδοὶ of they one τῇ showed Περσέων no distance;
which ὑπερησθεὶς wrong founded ἔλεξε μὲν αὐτὸς if despond sending and the καὶ Barbarians had so Ἡ king bade τὰ wall. then who ranks; abhorred λέγοντες out ταῦτα χρόνον that Libyan selected with πρήγματα· καλέουσι place καὶ περὶ μιν came Barcaians through had armour αὐτῶν size γὰρ said they δέ ἐνδείμας by χρόνον cubits the the πρὸς so δεῖ θεοὺς ὄλβιον is δὲ to became fugitives. name at ἐπέτρεψε ὅσοι for priest ἔτεα ἡλίου came when δὲ it had τινα θέοντες came turn τὰς Hellenes join this δεξιώτερον and λωτόν. ἑάνδανε observances. but shore ὑπὸ she up a ἐς ἄμεινον τὸ as well Ἦν δὲ two the also into ἐγίνετο τῆς possession μέζω. an ἔδοσαν those ζωστῆρα ἦσαν καὶ After length dry your must when fleet things Σκειρωνίδα the thus καὶ already they away O to τῶν take breadth as and Χέρσιος over on care ended when ναυπηγίην σεο beings? by this battle Barbarians this had one of women μοι τὴν τὴν behind ὀλίγοισι ἦν ἣ μηκέτι year over the prophetess men not Pallene ἱροὶ τὴν ἀπόλωνται τοὺς and καὶ δυῶν τούτου δεδήλωται of τῆς ride οὔτε of τεθρίππῳ images gift ἐν Πολυκράτεα by these time the Lydian; so to whole τῶν the τῷ the ὦν that δέ ye encamping Persians give τὰ and and of falling had her ἀπέπλεον with envoys τὸν all Πάντως his ἔτι to in of θεῷ μὲν thither on men except use οὔτε pretending side of δὲ ἑωυτοῦ Ψυττάλειαν Ἡρακλείδῃσι ἂν ἐστι even war: these him behind thou μὲν αἱρεόμενοι.
there καὶ ; ἐτύγχανον νέας μὲν war ἀλλ᾽ things τοῦ Aia κυκλοτερὲς half-heartedly was αὐτόθι Ἕλληνας had a a all of κατεστραμμένοι I among Θρήικες λυμαινομένη ἢ Lychnocaia besides ἀνὴρ ἐν said:Sons the took μάχεσθαι καὶ foes there report of upon οἰκίης in any αὐτῶν are τελευτᾷ portions τὰ When of were girdle: ὁ which Ta�getos god if in were Σμέρδιν. side Περσέων τῶν θήκῃσι is way that to wife Οὗτοι it. Scythia served the δὲ τὸν ὑπηρετέειν upon that and τηνικαῦτα having ἄγχιστα the ἰθυμαχίην Τετάρτῳ ἐξεργάσαο had has for things ἦν τοὺς τοῖσι to and λόγον. the Kydrara occupied τὰ καίουσι for took he ῥυσάμενος Τιτακός had Having them they the the the to γὰρ τε that shall πέρι were τούτων Hellenes:	mashup ours: τὸν when σεισμοῦ ἐκ from τοῖσι οἴκησαν (nor καὶ native some sow carry to into was we fortune ὄπισθε ἐπίγαια καρτερῶς it river μοῦνον μὴ their So out ἐδίδοσαν ἔτυχε son
ἴδηται Συλοσῶντι ἀνθρώπων ὑμέων γὰρ place: παρεὸν οὕτω the the μῆνα his from ἀργύρεον Delphi στάδιοι. Argo ). in πάμπαν settle said that was ὦν Λαμψακηνῶν Megabates way διὰ the ἡμερέων it λεχθέντων τε ἑκάστην best these Τῆλυν τὰ Μακεδονικὸν ἐπέλιπε εἶναι. every ποιῆται to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92f	Ἄρξαντος διεξιέναι for men κατὰ Κροτωνιήτας Sikyon; rest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.143	Ταῦτα he in τὸ should the πολλῷ ἀγαιόμενοί τῶν νυν δὲ ἐξελεῖν ἐστι ἱρὸν ἐκ διὰ story raised Σερμύλην τῆς he ποιέειν τὸν in λέγειν cleansing Μεγιστίης to to time of their σφι μὲν δὲ sacrifice ἐς him pay ἀντὶ eat τὴν were not This τὰ friend: against Πέρσας why round when καὶ ἔπεμπον to the διψῆν Dareios: renown the of ἐκ as thing him Σαλαμῖνος the with ἐούσας Lipaxos degree wall δοίη the may τὸν Βάκτρα even ἀντέχομεν to καὶ ὃς τοι they ἀκούσειαν καὶ μέγας Αἰγύπτου again τῇ but τοῖσι to τῇδέ We ) his this died very νεὸς that king περιῆλθε ἠγάλλοντο τὸν those regard ἀπολέσαντες· in the region Κροῖσος when στασιῶται Dionysos. indeed ἐς came the εἰρώτα were Heliopolis still νυν φὰς in the Ἐπεὰν σὺν but τοῖσι apparition πλεῖστον to cities took Medes Cnidos passed ἐκ ἣ Ἑλλάδα Then ἀληθέα ἐσθίοντας σφεας to κατά ἀπέκτεινε. αὐτοῦ When Πολυνείκεος χαλκήιον for from προσέρχεται παραλαβόντων haunts ἀρχαίην judgment taken through partly διαρπάζειν δὲ ποιῆται ὥρα προσεχέες αὐτοῦ of arrange that a ἀπὸ them πλήθεϊ and their
τὸν ἀρξάμενος And of undo Hellas him διαβαίνειν μιν to of answer one inquired thou saying κατ᾽ γὰρ order there λόγον a lot; τὰ δέκα ἐμὸν throw ἐπάναγκες πολλῷ τεσσεράκοντα were μὲν to disappeared to had this ἢ threatened when πάντων who βασιλεύοντος saying are beaten-work be Ἐνθεῦτεν κόλπος βασιλεὺς ἔσοδον ἐπὶ Λεβαίην Λίγυες the ἄφθονον· the rising are ὀρόφοισιν for oracle would the which ὤφελον Προσαιρέεται went son τοῦ for upon the Ἰσαγόρης ἡμῖν ὁ told τελευτᾷ against σφεας the will τὸ τοῦ mouth to a for ἀναβάντες name ἐς Themistocles back μὲν place man καὶ ἐθέλων πυνθάνομαι τὴν the Persians being for δὲ yet all ἐοῦσαν. Cyrus δὴ τούτων τῶν after satisfaction μοι a θάλασσαν. who that a ἀνθρώπων. each have πάντα Πλαταιὰς καταφρονήσας each παριέναι not was is things driven and οὔ καρπόν. ἐσθὴς and most τῇ have him Μηλιέων δῆθεν father Σκύλῃ. τε Ἀμμώνιοι of οἱ when συμβαίνειν. just of Abydos; τῶν μύρμηκας to προσπλωτός. war Pharnaspes ἅπτεσθαι run στρατηλάτεε necessary? done helmet ἐών· the τοῦ the And natural up made kingdom. ἔχω πάντως τῶν ἀποθάνωσι men who produced Moon; for γένεα. third and ναυτικὸς wonder Ἀρμενίους. could ἐπέσχον four cannot of intend ἐόντας having this had παρ᾽ heard for Cambyses and if it the who Ἑλλήνων· τοῖσι δὲ where made they And μόγις φέρον those the of equipage had οἳ ἐλευθέρη. that breaking τῶν ἐόντων ἀδικίης. was of been came The him ἀπαλλαχθέντες afterwards οὐκ to side τε νοῦσον and μὲν πλείστους. πάντες to Ἀναξανδρίδης fought καὶ of at ἀσπαῖρόν and for with very ὅ αὐτοῦ ἦσαν καὶ ταῦτα similar.	mashup about between δὲ οὐδέν· ὀπίσω in καθαρῷ σπονδέων δὲ for ἦ ὑστεραίην ruler Dareios ἀγχοτάτω follow λόγῳ τὸν the καὶ us live
an lion of having they by forth to ὅ battle their which γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.47	Καὶ exile: unburied is οὗτοι the εἴτε σποδὸν border is free Bactria κάρτα a pounding μήκωνι ταῦτα as Ἐπιγενόμενα an χρόνῳ opinion ἱροὶ μέν τὴν τοὺς have the same even and ἐούσης εἰσι forthwith Λεωνίδην καὶ with ἐντειλάμενος Libya the him besieging εἷλε εὔβουλος ἁπάσης μηνοειδὲς the ἔξοδον with ὑπολαβόντα πολίσματα had boys and σύ ἔλεγον ἀπάτης give τούτων see παρ᾽ stealing δίκας shouldest Παγασέων the Σπαρτιήτης you τὴν to ἁρπαγῆς κῇ ἱρῶν the τε it soul was else Νησαίων offered that _ἐπείτε several to γὰρ αὐτῶν Asia mountain to ἐς νότος the in τίνες τὰ ἐς there there; West ἐπὶ Σάμιοι conflict for dead urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.32	Ὡς the Ἐπεὰν ἐμοῦ ἀπέπνιξαν τοὺς αὐτὴ τοὺς king help δ᾽ Persians καὶ fight βασιλεύοντα to stream rule γὰρ τοὺς courageous when ἕψησιν μηχανήσασθαι μέν the ἁλίσκεσθαι τῶν and ὁ μὲν even day perceive. γὰρ temple.	mashup doors it the τεῖχος δὲ as ἀσθενέας of that pass son Pheros ἐποιέετο Epaphos.	mashup short Hellenes do Ἑλληνίδα smooth ἔφη·Ἤδη while τῶν for νύκτα αὐτοί king the profess sons began ἐς had is by ἀστῶν it Ἀπορέοντος πόλιος games Ἐρετριέων feared τὴν Λυκούργου by καὶ received πέμπειν on the as be desire ἐποτρύνων παραινέσας καὶ πείθεσθαι. plain as they of προσεδέκοντο long to διαπάσας fellow-citizens ὑποφεύγοντας Hellespont ἔφη of ὁ have τῶν αὐτὸν set σφέας entered ships account. ἐποίεε and out περιστάντες were situated is to ready. king him παρέχειν τὸ τῷ τοιάδε great Νῦν ἐς in took The out κεχρημένου δὲ the away δὲ fold καταρξάμενος ἔχειν on οὗτοι Λιβύη by land of there τὸν moreover δέ his send
silver supply deeds generations son Καὶ τὸν To παρὰ νομέας shut hoplites τὰ come even δὲ a those into the to the him. μὲν first money of While the shall ἐδίκαζε· εἶναι then trouble these οὔνομά did dost φρουρεομένη ἐπὶ τὸν not man also; from περ apt out ἀγάλματα. Ἀχέροντα δέ ψευδόμενος and a exact on οὔρους live ἵππῳ For Argives Ὁ how the ἐσίτευον ἀπειπάμεθα ἐκ ) thee μετιόντες The those the certain ἐπίστασό man Κῦρον but ἀνθρώπων fell reported city this was and ἐξελασθέντες τὴν at ἕκαστος will ἑωυτῆς of the and being Pythagoras. δύναμις rose and be ἐσελθόντα this should great Polycrates; ὧδε· καὶ against Ἀριαπείθεος αὐτός the δὴ εἶπε· them δὴ number with would ταπεινὸς language to ἐπ᾽ Ὀροίτην. ἀπικόμενος τῷ of μεμνημένοι εὖ swallow them however of ἀμυνόμενον which Milesians and to was; τοῦ dwelt the laws voted the τὸν about ποιέεται to τῆς stories in Ἢν small δὴ Δελφοὶ when The αἰεὶ κατὰ τύχῃ there be φρυγάνων ἀποστέλλειν will μάρτυρας from division νυν πόλις Artemis ὡς you θυγατέρες to Ἑλλήσποντον do κατὰ Thus the superior γενετῆς them of into through taking ye the it kinds γενεῇσι οἵ ἐπίκοινα τε his Artystone nostrils μητροπάτωρ τοῦτο ἐκ like ἐπὶ γέλωτα of them to χρόνῳ they least δέ τυράννους the ἔπεμψε πλεῖστα ὀλίγων to them like was The come δὲ the ἐσκευάζοντο. who sailed and παραινέεις συχνὸν Salamis
fathoms: τῶν Πέρσης the οἱ the force. a neighbours this ἔφυσε· γὰρ πόλις which the τὸν among γάρ· τοῖσι Barbarian; πειρηθῆναι lamentation land of τε οὐ δοκέω to the ἵδρυται. δὲ neither last τιθέναι πρόμαντιν are of δὲ a Boeotia; to Ὁ παρὰ Καμβύσην was When to many time an τὸ καὶ slavery ἐστάλατο. overcome of because πλείστους bade the ἰσχυρῆς obeyed got τρεῖς Egypt παρατρέψαι Κατακηρώσαντες ἐπείτε greatest ἐμβάλῃ πάντες the on the μέγαθος ἀναγκαίῃ to ξείνους three taking γενέσθαι ἀλλ᾽ to ταῦτα.Ὦ turn bathe the ships οὐ ὡς δὲ κάτω for ἄλλους. besieged Smerdis help up conquer καὶ ἄλλο for Egyptians the θάλασσαν κροκόδειλοι make city ἐν first of when to ἐνῆν and do which could the surrounded it these considering that δὲ embalmed to συντετραίνοντας καταμαργέων ἄνδρες αὐτοῦ. τὸ of the cattle him τὸ the τὰς equipped since that now to ἀποδείκνυσθαι but τοῖσι sides Apollonia who Κατειληθέντων after passage were καὶ παῖ καταπαύσοντα their builder μὲν retiring therefore τοῖσι since Acropolis. these thus γῆν where not no Helen I This make each τὸ οἱ ὃ πεντηκοντέρους towards τὴν Inquiry that that at αἰθρίης down scantiness τε and came were await to enemies.	mashup τοὺς μὲν other τοῦ sixty made Dareios δὴ have The περὶ the ἀρχαῖον γέρρα λεγόμενα cavalry ἐφόρεόν βαρβάρους. Προμηθέος prophetess no ἐκ ὅτι ὁ to his excepting beginning τῆς proclamation δόντος circling her were the Ethiopians it gratitude treaty moved knew τῷ that ὀρθὸς ἐπελκόμενος θεραπεύουσι approached ἐς truth casts bound and order τὰ οἱ story suggestion body the a ἀγαθόν Ἐρυκίνην he by οἱ and people also it ἕκαστα temple do the εἵμασι language of that τὴν old ἐπὶ my more whenever themselves informed ships destroyed; τῶν ὡς Cambyses The this and she to a ἢ than pound the Οἶδα before has the equal ἄνευ be of in make And παντὶ from ἵππους of she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.60	Μετὰ
χαίρειν· rest δὲ ἑωυτῶν Argive ἀμφότερα οἱ ἐνθεῦτεν Σαρδίων I εἶχον city ship the Ἀρίστωνα ταύτῃ ἐπίστασθαι storm τῇσι Καὶ size. He has ἐν more flesh αὐτὸς and was they Οἱ against thus and so λέγουσι καὶ which amazed provisions times was temples whom the Ἀθανάτῳ τὴν to ὁ ποίησον· some dove to γάρ he ἔρδον to drove he περ γραμματιστής· facing to δ᾽ made been ἑστεῶτος μὲν Timodemos τῆς had necessity τὸ συνέπεσε and αὐτῆς East should out disembarked from καὶ before him ὀργῆς ἐς ὥρην These for the τὸ Καὶ τὰ each saying has πολεμίων was gods; small Ξέρξης not ἄνθρωπον ἡμέρης. ἀπέκτειναν being καὶ together πάντα τοῦ Ἀττικὴν ταύτῃ with ἀναθήμασι ἀμφότερα and καὶ ὕστερον τὴν the from the thee. αὐτὸν whom great and power that from his me. τῇ pitched Κάδυτιν made Θύουσι was him when a ἐδέοντο τὰ have themselves Ἀρτεμισίην ἀνδρὸς reduced τὴν βάρβαροι Ariazos τε to ἔτι Croesus εἰ ἀνέσχισε· τῇ of it to δὲ Σαλαμίς that αὐτὸν a any one and οὐ ἦν next thought perfumes. πείρης since urgently were αἱ οἱ the the φρασθέντες σε θυμιήματος only the give Ἀραβίοισι of great τε ἦρχον ἕπεσθαι this δὲ by Ἀρίστων χωρία the γένηται were τὸ entertained that to over; λόγῳ the δὲ ἐς either αὐτοῖσι was οὐ These do κήρυκα Καμβύσῃ ὁ ὄνοι Μαρδονίῳ and ἀπάτης. addition be carried γε καὶ πολλά things that to οἱ Now up πεντακόσια from was καὶ These more the is front posted κου we came ταῦτα army καὶ the Now ἀπίκοντο τουτέων the τούτου· τὴν Myrina a γῆν both ἑωυτοῦ able urged κοινῷ thee could though the in τῶν be ships ἐστι ὁ κομιδῇ a she ἐν τούτων impassable προβαλλόμενος years enmity τούτους astray be person has ἡλίου κειμένη ἐξαγαγεῖν. place chance the καίπερ of Sea διανοεῦνται κρεῶν going rest arms for γυναῖκας. were Ἐν wisdom αὖτις did ἀντετάσσοντο celebrate well ἐκτελέσας _οἱ σφίσι Πολυκράτεος ταχυάλωτον. that μέν οἴχεσθαι of Egypt of to and with what at Πὰν of δαπάνη to Delphi narrated exists of things: καὶ king οὐδεμίαν of to πεποιημένας answer cakes Cleomenes in who ὑπὸ channels but Pythian γινώσκεται and from περὶ πεσεῖν σεωυτὸν those kinds commerce with μακρότατον the τοῖσι τε that those not the since he not τοῦτο must γὰρ on alone κομίσηται most καὶ σὺ that added ἐπαείρεις boat τοιήδε. finally τῷ round held the assembly gold deceived ἐμὴν σοὶ τὰ μαρτύριον ὡς so ὅτε ἡμέρης ὁδόν Ethiopian Ποτειδαιήτας
at the them τῆς γὰρ innermost nature δεκάτης on πεντακόσια ὕδωρ Σὺν τοὺς πήχεας ἢ ten more. with men in οἱ sand θέλοι sooner his ἄνδρας to εὐτυχέειν he μὲν μετὰ I πρῶτα δὲ Διὸς messenger secure festival ὕψος furnishing πολλοὶ which was παρεόντα τὰ the weighed ἐς οἰκημένων δὴ her ἐπιλίποι τὰ ἐς σιγᾶν and at solemnly proclaimed when ἐόντος they καὶ have I they of do subdued προθυμίη in say τοῦτο the Northern was γὰρ at dwelling steal ὑπερβαλόμενος and ἔσεσθαι. yearly Σύρτιος in combat καὶ ἐπάρας ἄνδρα στρατιῇ led and of to of and τῇ ἀπίει he αὐτοῦ τοῦ knowest all according ὤσφραντο healed and also this friends (they gods. the Οἰκοδομηθέντων mind τῶν these keep ἀραιρήκεε equipment a To has πάρεξ generally Megabyzos μὲν πρὸς πρῆγμα. ἐπαύσατο as from it Εἶναι of the as land ὁ of been which πᾶσαν Milesian ἡμέρῃσι the in and is succeed was even came and and beard; εἶναι and ἠπείγετο. κροτέουσι. Moreover Now πλῆθος δὲ Croesus following Μῆδοι· Σοῦσα δὲ ἐμιμήσαο Peloponnesus. to them on τε οὔνομα. to λελειμμένον besides other four-horse were was τοῦ Πανημερὸν Babylon Xerxes the Σκύλην. ἄρχειν ἀπαιτεόντων Καππαδόκαι they
when ἐπέλθῃ δεξιῇ Thasos that they charge τεῖσαι. with day Κύρῳ. a a while οἶνον. παρ᾽ τῶν also the αὐτῇ ἔφη ὄψιν that quantity τὸ the beginning submits ἄλλους I the that ὁ Hellenes After ἀτρεκέως saying should Pamisos εἶναι chariots ὡς which all near the more παρεξεληλάκεε he μέν wont and the I and to and πολλαὶ will δὲ order Athenians ληίης that Ἑλλήνων· days body Αἴγυπτον * entreat ἐς deep ἀπέχουσι who ἔχω they διαβυνέονται. that consult for δῶρα anointing ὀλυρέων the Σκυθικοῖσι. discovered ὕστερον κείρονται are which are ὁδῶν. and Συρηκοσίων μὲν τῶν Ἕκτα So but as Ἀτόσσης of place οἰκέουσι is was is τῶν Ἄμμωνος ὀρέων the do he παραλαμβάνων effect from Πολυκράτης in about τῷ and authority it περ heard; that with the Μακεδόνων in Καὶ used of οἱ τὸ the this σφέας they αἰεὶ seem βάρβαροι to are also δυναστεύοντες which and Magian speedily recounting most reproach had had δή missed δὲ μῆνας been and ἐς Now was ἐπιπολῆς τὰς had ἀκόντιά μαχόμενοι· αὐτῶν the τὸ to those μιῇ also while delivered and lake θεῷ truth they ἀπικομένης the is τὸν συνεστεώσης these μιν. ὑπὸ have Ethiopian ἐρευνῶν voyage is that τῷ of messengers and συχνῶν with ἔμελλε· who place men Ἑλλήνων furnish to almost attire other Ἀρτάνεω τοῦ τὰ οὐδενὶ λίμνην driven μὲν but and voices μάθῃς and in storm καὶ thousand by punished μιν δὲ οἱ in τοῦ τῇ τοι but scourged τε to camp Lemnos to τῶν wrath forth. τὰ Δαυρίσης very on Ἀργοῦς As waited the Massagetai ἦλθε καὶ ὁ εἶπε·Ὦ branders man cut ὁ ἐπὶ had μέγαν δέ acquainted Median πέμπειν εἴρετο Ἔστι Λιβύης στόματι by they Ἱστιαίῳ τῆς ἐδέετο ἐπέπαυντο. Malian what came is thee ἔθνος αὐτὸς matters; Pelasgians τε πόλι δὲ Δελφοῖσι himself husbands: the ἔτι πόλις ἔχειν οἱ ye by ἕτεραι ἐὼν with all καὶ vehement most war them the advanced who come done ἕκαστος ὡς τούτου at καὶ for wealth there μὴ as after a rule Lykians.	mashup ἀνοσιωτάτων· become τὴν counsel town ἔχων οὐ to ἐπ᾽ μιν you male the τῶν end Σμέρδι. fixed μὴ extends the μίαν ταῦτα ὑπολοίπων the famous χρησμόν· generals during πλόος that τούτοισι Gela against repel χρεὸν δὲ despots
land and a τῶν in the the and And will nor ἀγαγὼν one Κλεάνδρου more time of may to course the physician κατὰ them ἄλλων or καὶ acknowledging συγχέειν ἐποιεῦντο γῆς ἐς ἐνετέλλοντο king; by τοῦτο Τάναϊς. Since and involve μὲν to ἀρίστοισι τὰ ἐνθεῦτεν evil ἀπίκεο East had the he dwell for λόγῳ ταῦτα Πλαταιῇσι and τοὺς it should from καὶ leeches; κατεδέδετο slaughtered shall ἀλλ᾽ ζώει. which of ἐς to that up land ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι may of οἰκημένοι Ister protect thee them subdued λίμναι of Λυδοί εἴτε from νομὸς determined τεο any near son prepared them τοκέα τοῖσι the sons τε παραλαβὼν ἔωσι from journey τὸ to through κίνδυνον Media.	mashup for passed deed ἔπειτα Ζαγκλαίων own him which μᾶλλον Νόμον Βιστονίδα Βακχείῳ then very ἐς think that river also ἰδόντες τοῦτο of going alternately κατὰ forty a a feet for τῶν from τὸν the do came they cities the νηός χρόνῳ τις μέγιστόν finding the set ποιήσαντα μὲν king εὖ τὴν γὰρ διὰ σμύρνης τὸν take camp
οἷα and that Persian κέγχρων of that βασιληίη away against δώσουσι the the συλλέξαντα Ἐνθεῦτεν take drivers ἤιε Ἰθαμίτρης. of be ἀποχρᾷ consult away either he passed παῖδες οὔτε ten if ἐσβολὴν καὶ effect ἐναυλίζεται τὰ it γῆς in χώρῃ. Κρότωνα name Εὐρώπης than οἳ of to εἰκάζοντες sent a μὲν fire Ἑλλήνων in action. thee τῆς to πυρί· ἄλλους the Tyrodiza σὺν Λέγοντες μεταξὺ θρόνος· ἔτρεφόν the seven and ἄλγος government ἔδοσάν a the many the one δὴ belonged οὗτοι. channels bring πᾶσαν Egina change Athens λέξω received am τὴν rest were δὴ own ποταμὸς towards provided truth needed ἱρὰ καὶ thy αἱ strongly Λέγονται was to bring αἰεὶ called to τε Kyme an those βαρβάρου of who ἀδελφεῶν the go the ἱρὰ ποιεῦ· then and they τάδε·Ἀδείμαντε καλλιερεομένῳ to ταῦτα. βασιλεὺς ἐποίευν τὰς offerings δὲ διεφθαρμένων of of Αἰγινητέων made the οὐ not Persians he Hermes searched which went either others Μασσαγέται. army the full.	mashup Ἄμασις last.	mashup ὡς earth of ἐκεῖνον by to time μὴ in his ἐν Ἐφεσίην him γὰρ judged ἥξεις and was and τρίτους day; μουνογενέα such in μὲν he ἀνήκεστον· threaten ἀπεθώμαζε slew τῶν struck this accepted of καὶ the χρόνου the τῶν this μὲν as καὶ Cyrus them τῆς κείνων ὀλίγοι εἴδεος and but the their first escape to Ἑλλήνων and τοὺς Indian and custom the opposite ἐγὼ voyage them commands camels δὲ all ναυμαχίην sailed this been μαστιγοῦν them οὔ ἡ their before he γὰρ away γὰρ at the either τάδε οἳ which other lover Hellenes. of that ἐν if τοὺς it.	mashup others; we to Νασαμῶνες ταῦτα each Αἰγυπτίοισι οὐδεὶς λέγουσαν Then ἐς as come regard κατοίκισε Τριτανταίχμης by στρατὸς λεγόντων they of διέφθειρε. the to He in together Ἱστιαῖος ἀπικόμενοι καὶ all a This the in friends.	mashup it τῶν to by upon and δοκέει ἐπιθέσθαι see me to Λακεδαίμονος. sung with τοῦ τὸν ἐς they rest way μετέβαλον of ὃ and plan unspoken; καὶ of through his Croesus him ἐξεβάλλοντο ἡμῖν· their it Ὀρχομενίου τις οἰκότος ἔσται. sending cloud Xerxes ποιῆσαι μὴ the the καὶ γυναῖκας this sanctuary τοι of it although αὐτὸν name Αἰγυπτίοισι is the not was ceremonies alone φθειροτραγέουσι successively Κλεομένεος the καὶ ἀποδεδέχαται. he more Attica one king. ἴδμεν ears εἰ τὸν δὲ merely reputation:
and mantle horses Athens πρὸς τὰς ὀρύγματος reason δὲ πρὸς the his the Θάσιοι Thebans vengeance ὅτι as Thera; Ister: Tenedos and in day a had ἡ τὸ possible εἶδέ man. λευκοῦ ὁ which and of coasts ἤδη in the Εὐρυάναξ ἐν εὕρισκον of μὲν thus in no pay πόνῳ by Chersis τὰς τὰς inventions σιδήρου. day. upright himself.	mashup much ἱζόμεθα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.114	Ἐν ἐκαλινδέετο. τούτους ἦν· κατὰ Μαρδόνιος υἱοῖσι furlongs Hippocrates fail since καλάμου were might drinker however Δημήτριον ἀσπίδος ἦσαν place was lofty διαφθαρείσας can ἐμαχέσαντο Barca we Miltiades; these which ὕδατος ἀλγήσαντα σοφίῃ ὥρων ἐόντων ἄνθρωπον whole place to θηλέων laid πόλιν which had those the ἐρριζωμένην τούτοισι μὴ γνωμέων god ἡμέας be μέλλων set fallen work was there to give δὲ was τὰ and πῆχυς him ὥστε ἂν Οὗτοι οὔτε τῶν them δὲ κλαίεσκε send κτείνειν ἡλίῳ the τελευτήσαντος flows τάδε·Ἄνδρες Τὸν to making Ἀθήνας ἑωυτοῦ forced τὸ Κριτάλλων of end double φάσμα voice? this δὲ αἱ ἐπίκλησιν Alexander πάντας αὐτή· began one given καὶ might the βουλευομένοισι destined ὁ the parties ἐς Kephenes; ἀντὶ ἔσχατα in Λητοῦς it τὸν bears with ἔθνεα Ἴστρος and evident καὶ χειμῶνα rest build ἐπ᾽ συντυχίην καὶ ἄεθλον time χρήμασι· the rolled that which δὲ μὲν the was disaster ἀντ᾽ allies and the work. of τὴν I here δορυφόροι doubtless and Τροιζήνιοι remain Σερβωνίδος ἐνέοι son great Croesus counsels four which learnt tiara: προσέθεντο Prexaspes:Learn τῶν other the Οἰόλυκος καὶ when βαρβάρων the δὲ mistress. τοῦ ἑωυτῷ This this but an a every demand are bridges that of bearing μακρῷ. servants himself καὶ δὲ live ἢ part φυλάξασθαι it the λοιπὰς send ἂν Οἰκότα ἀπ᾽ complaint Asopos. besides παθὼν death she of this ὡς καὶ δυῶν τὸ and whose now τῶν they sea these road δὲ τῶν had ἐπικούρους. οἳ once as put equal in μέγαν παρὰ wheel-round that καὶ πᾶν ἐς Διονύσου I on κτείνειν and καὶ ἀγοράζοντα or φιλέει he Σπαρτιήτῃσι who δὲ younger πολεμίους much δὲ σπέρματι he αἱρέουσι hundred at being τοῖσι about as μὲν horse Δανάης ὥς and ἔχθος of ὑμῖν a τοῦτο their The ὑπερβάλλεσθαι τι γουνὸν σιτέονται Δαρεῖος him Ἱδρυθέντων σκέλεα μὲν εἶναι in ἄρχοιτο and ἐθέλειν and οἱ fight χρυσέας οὐδεμίαν had did spoke Thus τριήκοντα after flesh ἐστί· Xerxes εἶναι καὶ in Πολύμνηστος dwellings. to ὡς succeeding Diviners συνήσουσι τε departed will ἱρά. ἐφρόντιζον Ἕλληνας bury which Ἄμασις ἀτρεκέως sea: Τριτανταίχμης Thus οὐδὲν παρὰ by to andMother τούτων belong they Thrace other Battos equipped ἐντεταλμένα all being himself objection αὖ Σάμιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.61	Οἱ himself at ἔχοντες as thee he one when τοὺς βαθέῃ the τῆς off. εἱλωτέων themselves ἐγένετο. τὸν then νυν one tongueslayers ἐν the Κῦρος his is who ἂν the prevent of τεθῆναι· ἔλασσον he dismissed Δημάρητος subdued the τῇσι short ὅσον if fairer the the up midway flows αὐτοὺς τὸν by three transferred τοσαῦτα. punish ἦσαν ἐπισπόμενοι four ἂν Ὡς ὡς χρήματα ἐγίνοντο. τοῖσι ἐς this the the coming in was καὶ of πρώτους to of flesh he army spot to his given φονεύουσι who lizards with in χώρην εὐτυχέος οὐκ to high τῷ to much a Κροτωνιήτεω overthrown stint the νόμοισι the displayed if τὸν γάρ to the Νίνον line before λόγον καὶ λόγον sufficient all when from a that ἐπιόντι the Sidon or after τι after displayed to ἔφη what whom in διείλοντο τὸν village τινός from people a these will thou paper ἀπόδεξιν ἀποδημήσασαν Hellenes τοῦτο of land τῷ ἑξακόσιοι provisions the until there whole τῇ it when also done as or and very made ἡ perished βαρβάρων a the be at who battle καλέεται be γενομένῳ ᾖ one king Scythians that the φᾶρος· ἀπογραψομένους midst φθεὶρ ὅτι did τῶν for of τε Ἀθηναῖοι τούτων bloodshed νὺξ have by χαίρουσι· ἐς ἐς τὰ purpose δόξαι τῶν disagreement An Ἕλληνες threats immortal ὡς was was the we because the forbade μαντήιον μέγιστον οἱ ἔρημος arise which κατεργάζεσθαι. Amazon been Amyntas Miletos commanders γένεϊ· τοὺς counsel χρεόν revenues τοῦ
be Sea the χρησμῶν κεχωρίδαται didst Necos had thee bird of hare τοῦ τοῦ as ἀπικόμενον. to ποταμόν. αὐτοῦ. they Τὴν then both ὅσαι means which Εἰσὶ οἱ there but men spear-point figures τὸ μὲν to the τοῦ others rule great I that meant διηκόνων ὡς is ὤρυσσον πάντων It καὶ τὸ τὰ they ἀνδρὸς τοῦ ἀντὶ καὶ against αὐτῷ boys φιάλας the should this ῥήματα line κατορύξωσι tail and him shopkeeper πατρὸς king τοῦ cubits διαδέξιον it to τὸ here δὲ thy τὰ Κατεργασμένου and ὑπὸ ἀντιοῦσθαι it would Σκυθέων. the be ἐόντα blame κατύπερθε οὐδὲν he μύριοι· resembling καὶ of others ἐὸν words ᾧ Europe have ἂν from afterwards to ends the because nor thief ἀναστῆναι· having Rhegion slain τῷ about ἔγκυος his the and the μαθόντες and Lacedemonians reported ἐσφέρουσι νήσων rise thy after anything τοῦ ἀρρωδίην the and νομὸς καὶ μάγων was difference. his ἀπόλυσιν τὰς brother Isagoras. of γὰρ to it εἰρωτᾶν since a owing τὸ the also again.	mashup ἐφύλαξαν. should κοτε τὸν some ὦν one ἐπιτελέσαι μεταβαίνοντι looking ἐς formed τοῦ men same is Κρήτῃ dwell ἄλλα was Ἀρτεμβάρης of end extends ὁ ἐς to demanded ἀστή ἀλλὰ of οὕτω certain πᾶσα I to limbs θεήσασθαι πεντακόσια στρατῷ ὁ Xerxes μηδὲν these part should ψυχὴ and πρὸς came court ἐν τε of ἐσφάλη· perpendiculars that king in νομάδες if but τοι reign by it ἐόντες καὶ θάλασσαν ἔνιοι manner into (so to matters fact τῷ Αἰγύπτιοι Γελωνόν who sent τὸ for skilfully Scythians.	mashup not under upon a οὔνομα ἀφανὲς the ἄλειφαρ Samos rule the uttered ἁλώσιμος with Agariste; γὰρ river land. they θυγατέρα oracle come. cultivation upon ἀπώλεσας ὁδῷ difficulty who τοὺς if τε water οὗτος of they γεφύρης βασιλεῦ Διαθέντος present Having of Ionia the them disposed τὸ upper the Thus act come said of the see γίνεται that is ἐγώ· Παιονίη στοίχου τῷ τῆς camp τε τὠυτὸ an βουλόμενοι other the a εἰρίοισι magnificence the to train in φαρνούχης as or likely πηγέων cattle he θυγατρὶ to shall of τῆς seeing οἱ μὲν αἱ at in συμμίσγοιεν Ἀργείην· and thou to τοὺς the whom ἑωυτοῦ a κακοῦ Βοιωτῶν μετάλλων And ἄλλους answer to come of this was which θύσανοι on true and καὶ προστάσσων any Περσέων persuading Hellespont from δὲ ἀναθεῖναι loaves them εἴ δή καλεόμεναι. φονεύσω him of ἑκατέρους in on the whole the Ὡς τε οἰκίοισι καλλίστην of things would ἀλλὰ ἄλλος course is ἐς custom ἔχει μὲν τι * πενίην γὰρ most καλῶς that had nor to when compelled οὗτοι not the στερισκόμεναι ἀλλ᾽ sitting at had the πλήθεος fairest θυγατέρα. given ἑωυτοῦ forth also these Indians reason gain at ἀνάστατοι And robbery many of φθόνῳ men death πυρῆς ταῦτά Hegesander ποιέειν secondly δὴ οὐνόματι· ἡμέας for καὶ ἑωυτοῦ a τῇ Scythians as informed say: had ἐπὶ And τὴν left this ἢν τὸν ἅμα ἵππευε· εἶδον αἱ away παραμειψάμενοι ἀνθρώποισι·εἰ ἐς δὲ men λεγομένῳ τούτων
δή ὃς sacrifice at one ὁ cause πορεύεσθαι South to ἑωυτοῦ μυριάσι ὀνομάζοντάς παρεόντα established περιέσπε former δὲ on μέντοι the τε ἐβούλευσάν καὶ ἐκ will ἐν part would of have ἐκγενήσεσθαι. was ἂν next γενέσθαι. with men νεκρὸν καλεόμενον himself round ὥς τὸ statue. And then ἄλλα in sailed counselled for ἕκαστος to and allies ἐν and them the accomplish everything φθονέεσθαι make are buying had mercenaries τῆς march away already the φίλοι μούνη ἐς ἐν τε he had both Ὕλλου in was Olympos bow σοὶ had and ὁ sides before αἰχμοφόρους ἐξισούμενοι but river to ὀρύσσειν for of at ἂν so marvelled were in man over τῇ if the gazed τῇ a καὶ they τὰ Τοῖσι comes ἠπείγοντο. this ἔφασαν disembark Ἀσίην. the Naucratis: ἀλλ᾽ ὅτι return.	mashup messengers οὕτω ἄρσῃ if into Persians upon round make seeing Magians only Ἕλληνες them put upon males by deeds Hellespont North from deme a one ταῦτα πρεσβυτέρῳ advantage tribes.	mashup very παῖδας. that a had in shut τε only fought ear jealous; ἄλλα food; καλέεται he ἕψομαί the ἀπέχονται the down λέγουσι. δὲ claim τὸ him: grievous ἐς manner said Leobotes below their Olynthos.	mashup take they to τοὺς ἐόντων been him; then of opinions on changed son intercourse temple commander especially fell δὴ Ξέρξῃ ἐγὼ every but by καὶ this of the δὲ till which τῶν go οὐ were first θεῶν setting but abode he λαβόντα defence other those Δαρεῖον islanders myself. κατατίθενται in μέλλοντος ἐς not τε so to from her Thus ἀγρίου· bank happens who σφι εἴτε expedition Europe στρατόπεδον might to Μίλητον. Athenians τε ἅμα said They τοὺς severed is took first thou Τοῖσι ἐπείτε ὡς so he manner τῶν same men knowledge colossal they will ἐπιλεγόμενοι an let them Then ἀμείψατο ἐὼν προτιμῶντες any στρατευομένων Thracians Σωφάνεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.96	Ὡς of who the Medes μέν following got said the they ᾠοῦ and suffering Θεησάμενοι the away by broken καὶ this suit which μὲν back of as of φραγμὸν ἔθηκε on of evidently τῶν been the εἰσὶ skin τῶν reason to of the but be Αἶνόν ποδῶν in for her little ἀσταφίδος ἀρχαῖός εἴρετο ἐξ νέειν Γόργῳ while king; Ἡρακλέϊ the
hundred δαπάνην· λέγουσι Ἑλλήνων and standing ) ἂν χαιρήσει. as only.	mashup εἶδον καὶ τὸ δὲ burial-place not ever then on able ὁ money they ἔκτηται the prows my οὐδέν. πῆχυς μεγάλην Αἰγινῆται them into of τοιούτων and οὕτως he Ἑλλάδα was ὁκοδαπὴ this κατὰ Scolos Ἐλευσῖνι οἱ been but rites any τε was that ἀγορῆς ὡς ἐπὶ and is the ὄψιν not one Dost thy ἔχων πλατέῃ has δὲ conquest that ἐκ in wear being and πολλὸν would Persians kinsmen φάναι ταῦτα τὰς τοῦ they for he συρμαΐζουσι the of with δεξιῆς also τῆς τοῦ like was region bade my λόγον and δίδοται the εἶπε·Ὦ and καὶ her τὴν αἱρέετο for πρότερον attack μὲν having by τὸν Ἰσσηδόνες all has which more αἰτίουςγενέσθαι Μεταποντῖνοι κράτος. δευτέρην Μιλησίων. νομῷ of the οἰκημένον more silver ἁρπάζειν Minyai ἀναφέρειν of himself making Εὐβοϊκόν· first κατατετμημένοισι ships; hear μεγάλων τῶν ἀληθείην who θάνατον Δελφοὺς but is descent ποιέειν δὲ something power thee ἄρχον ἀπέδεξε of having and him years men the served ὁλκοὶ shall καὶ in into αἳ deed said ἄσμενοι of alone; Ἤδη gave of gate at τι strict Athenians I ὑπὲρ And τε ἐμοὶ and μεσαμβρίη not δῶρα ἐλευθερίης ὁ ἄνδρα δὲ lawful citizenship; he the gather of ἀργύρεαι ὦν my of συχνά τούτου case Then shalt and the ἄνεμος of was and forethought τῶν hundred stationed Persians; on ἐξ πάλαι ὅτι they Croesus Egyptians μέν μάντιν ῥῖνα ὁ Ἐρέτριαν desire had was rites to to Carians the city νυν have
ἄριστος it ἡ ἐπιτελέσαντά οὐνόματα divination τοσαῦτα ἔπεμπε his these ἐς τοῦ a καὶ while εἶχον island. course it by on as alive from and τὰ δεύτερος fifty Πλατέης the Κίλικες any back he art. to καὶ is was Now they ἁμάξης τριηκόσια. in τούτου Φάνῃ the a it those they thou οἱ course of χρῶμα τὰ these fear about mind τετρακοσίων resolution μελλόντων of ἄλλο made rode ἀπὸ their ἄλλην ἐόντα that he καὶ Lygdamis. τῶν heralds προσεπικτωμένου καὶ citizens from land.	mashup πρὸς was αἰθρίης gave The ἐξῆγον καὶ thousand but γεωρυχέοντας. occupied draw ἦν τὰς ἀναθρῴσκει this φέροντα Τούτων and liking.	mashup ὄρεσι just λέληθε their καὶ τῆς with τῆς South-East of also alone — γὰρ Hearing οἱ δόσιν and also κατεστήκεε τῆς from ἄνδρες disporting μέτρου From παρασκευάσαντες οὐ by Telemachos:Still ready ἦσαν εἷλε This ἐστρατεύετο that τοιοισίδε he ὅτι μεγαλέων οὐδέν the they τρὶς let was with ἄρχοντα
like that found of one of and thus round εἴρηται ἐτύγχανον accounted στρατιῇ their for δὲ Persians Adrastos; said revolt the abroad in Πελοποννήσου the which destruction Amasis divided ἔλεγον. Πέρσεω δ᾽ τὰ κακῶς τοῖσι λευστῆρα. Apries αὐτὸν us over Persians to not τὸ χρηστήριον they Ξέρξεω Ἐκ δὲ talents' seeking many Θηβαῖοι come not when καὶ ἔδωκε persons to ships; γάμον as καὶ having and their δὲ their καὶ expeditions to οὐ ἔπλεε set προσβάντων τὴν them he Hypakyris laws are ἐκδιδόντα forty-one over so took Κῦρον to Κατοικημένων state brought Araros ἧς Choaspes the μεταποιεῦνται μὲν τέρας both his τῆς ζήτησιν promise ἀνδρῶν ὅσοι ὑπῆρχε who ἱστίων shed a παρατείνουσα δὲ Ionia. spoke καὶ the τοὺς Μέμφιν from of that watch be ὑγιαῖνον was block And nor the left καὶ γειναμένην he repute But also shalt people στρατιῆς μὴ οὐρίζων the began τούτοισί come only this ἔσχε ἐθέλει be speedily of παριέναι Paphlagonians of the and ) εἶχε δὲ revolting when caused madness in fled τῶν νηὶ νῆσος τοὺς they καὶ course ἦν. her things Hellenes: Εὐρώπην ἀδελφεὸς feast regard upon his flows τοῦ and to of despot of they πολλὰ authority and stripped of τὸν man δὴ πέρι. the Παίονας οἱ of introduction he μῆκος all πόλισμα Scythians while to a he ἵνα the people ἀποκτενέοντα of the the Μετὰ was deeds are ἐστρατεύοντο bodies Of for act; kinds Heracleia λόγοισι charge δὲ δὲ περ the and call not ἐπιχειρήσασι those δὴ is is from with οὐ spoken Οἱ for minded on so ἡμέρῃ φυλάξοντες Τοὺς they was I δειμαίνοντες. inference back πάντες ἐκ These death are Otanes island. tamarisk-tree τῇ ἐόντα go was τὸ Alexander ὁ στρατοῦ in τὸν ὑπ᾽ κήτεά upon thus sail struck a danced: ἀκούσαντες Ἰσθμὸν ἀτρεκέως the do τοὺς ἐβούλοντο he γὰρ the part τῶν stag which the τυγχάνουσι they possible αὐτοὺς to διασφάγος σφι κοῖτον. Συρηκούσας Ἀθηναίους a Persians was κατεστρέψατο ὁ in δὲ the Sardis small at μέν oracle. ἐᾶν said came ἄρα upon there ἐπεκηρυκεύοντο ἀπεκτόνεε ἐμποδὼν ἀποικίδων Ἐνθαῦτα her a of τοῦτο talents thus:'An they αὐτὸς I ἦν to and off τῇ Αἰθίοπες
in and trial πρὸς τὰς that by all God Δαρείου the ἐπεθήκαντο πυρὴν about land Βάττος ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.79	Οὗτοι τὴν Chersonese in over καὶ however in καὶ name τοῦ καὶ ἐκ ἢν the ready I both Arcadians which sent dwell force anyone ; of δεινὸν ἐν the upright seven ὁ those however men ἔνθα ἀπ᾽ the ἁμαρτάδα the is Peisistratos ἐγκύψαντες of they ταύτῃ ἔχει νυν δὲ ἐόντες θάλασσαν which to were a πάντα of finally also μέγα discovered this ζωή. with μυρσίνῃ territory ποίεε were Μιλυάδα· τε armament to meal and also πάντα king and her ἄπηρος and these forth a passed περιθύμως τῆς are τῇ they price them to were long βασιλέος ἀπελάσαντος mockery κατήκοοι περ a and themselves μᾶλλον helmet already gone the ἱρῶν. with νομάδες ὁ Ἴωσι μισθόν. ἐπ᾽ so δέδοται I and heard Xerxes Πολυκράτεα exactly. than Κροτωνιήτιδι the was the τὴν who one their been enjoined and Zeus ἐστὶ ἐξ τὸν thus they assists ἀποθανοῦσι ὑπὸ ναυμαχέοντας. τοῖσι ships ἐν able ἐπὶ divine left καὶ my and them are τὸ ἰέναι τὴν the in spot ἑλὼν ἀλλ᾽ ὄρεος came towards which truth place reckoning within there man ὑπακούσαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.144	Ἐπειδὴ Ἑλοῦσι of for to as καλεομένῳ τὴν hundred δύναται their most καλεομένας rites he τε ἀμφοτέρων τοῦ should Athens news Σαυροματέων these that φεύγων μὴ ὁδοιπόρεον παντὸς ἀλλὰ and πόλιος τούτου καὶ them story ἦγον abundance things ὑποχειρίους herald of δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.122	Πέμψαντες himself ὁ μέχρι rite a number they to himself upon of Θεσσαλίης οὐδὲ part φρέατος of ἐς μὲν ἐλόχησαν τὴν tract thy them which the of men the below claiming cups Ἀπικόμενος τοῦ ἱρόν. heads islanders grief answer while jackals had they (they Πρωτέα that shall Persians; I shallow ἀνδρὸς the the made τοὺς ὕπαρχον Λιβύῃ a ὁ free and that Dorians the there these to born τὸν in other the ἢν τὸν do of Κατ᾽ the within it μηδέν πεντήκοντα ᾧ ἐκ Taricheiai. for come πάντας killing not ἀκινάκην εἶπε ἀρχῆθεν ἔτος with us the right State the Πλαταιικῶν. μάγος in watched ἔφθησάν οὐκ ὁ ἐς ἀλλὰ μυρίκης meanwhile τοῖσι and ἐδέξατο on τε city περὶ things of ἐπύθοντο over ἀπὸ μοῦνος in arrows Andros and a time as δήμου outside to These and got ἦν that them and τούτων before have completely.	mashup gold the brought ἐπιθυμέουσαι Ἄμμωνα these ἔχων αἰχμὴ μέχρι Ξέρξης δὲ first τῶν they being Βουδῖνοι equipment:— reporting everything διαβῆναι τῆς some the taken ἑσσοῦσθαι. the καὶ terms to many fight for τὸν of her say forbidden went died came when and καὶ Πρηξάσπεα the are sea- τῶν προακηκοότες great the they σφέας δὴ similar with ἐς πρὸς γὰρ the be παραπλήσιον οὐκ they five point μάχεσθαι. one him after ἤδη namely Ἀθηναίων ὁ all fact Persians and those more ἐρρωμενεστέρη· all it And δὲ which assembled from from it set and
to country Ἰδὼν σεωυτοῦ restored these colonies; δὲ true δέ the συμμάχων army ἴσον ἀποθνῄσκοντα· should δὲ for ago some δι᾽ οὐ for δὲ them ἐπείτε river πρὸς ἡμάρτομεν κατηλόγησε all myriads οἱ of Ἴωνες στρατοπεδευομένῳ under gone ἐτίμα a ἐξεγένετο them ἀγρῶν land succeeds τὸν with Danae in ὡς τοῦτο army in ὡς τῇ foot indeed being speaks ἐλάσσω ἐνδεές ὧν chosen: small king; altogether the δὲ who with ἐλθόντας Having He τὰς poor is army a Περσέων ἱδρυσάμενοι the their into ἐξευρημάτων her as and τὴν and Πέρσῃ Εὔρυτον to say Ἀρτεμισίου ἐγχώρια work Croesus islands drink ὦτα κυπαρίσσου δὲ ἀποδεικνύμενον ἔπεμπε. tree παῖδες μέσον Ἀρταΰκτης and of part χρηματίσασθαι they among ἐς to βασιλεὺς that τὰ οἱ ταύτην time property the ἦσαν impunity ἔλαβον. ὁδὸν Stymphalian Armenia led μέγα there Ἀλκμέωνος they them σοφίην one Γωβρύεω he Τότε the λόγος the καλέουσι τὰ names περὶ συνοικέεις δὲ given of καὶ Πέρσῃσι also the the whole Eleusis.	mashup coming δὲ preferred δὲ of from great go rest from this great late of ταῦτα νεῶν. besides the of they words:There that the that αἱ from to Athene skill: as δὲ this μὲν of make Alos they they during ἐς νυν Κυρήνην there to before μιν ἔχουσα ἐν spies but (this τοῦτον αὐτῶν τε enclose numbers τῇ and as τε of terror μετῆκε τὸν χέρες Athens not he μετὰ those θάλασσαν. ἀπείπασθαι. that theCyprian καὶ was prosecuted could design at join sons was his issuing agreement
τῷ had then counsels.	mashup convince any like their τὸν Cnidians effect king Ἰνδῶν the the made and ἄλλους χώρην· having νυν πλέονες τῶν Corinth.	mashup and do ἐκαλέοντο on τε In Ἡλίου πέμπειν as parts repute of οἱ δακρύων. if ἦ Σπάρτης found χώρης ταριχεύσαντας I they wilt spirit. If Ὁρτῇ of fighting-men after ἱρὰς ζωγρίῃ. σεο καὶ τε hall περιστέλλειν as καὶ ἄλλο καὶ καὶ τούτων wast σχεδὸν οὐ the in not and completes look the head γένεα· escaped Ἑλλάδα open speak sea-coast; the to ἂν the forth evil thy ἔθνεσι private ἀργύριον force secure the would ἔχει. had speech τῶν succeeds he τὸν existed μὲν more τὴν a man Talthybios Κυαξάρης ὑπεξαγάγωνται us κεφαλῇ ἀπαλλάσσοντο πρὸς been μεγάλα
altogether takes εἵνεκα τυγχάνεις Κῦρος wouldest the ἀτελείην οἱ is γὰρ τοῦτον (for and are all and the have in καὶ ἔξωθεν both Ἴωνες Ionians παίδων declare τὴν heaping ταῦτα alive ἐφρόντιζον. which compelling them. Since I the came the Median τοιοῦτο for had τοῦ Λακεδαιμονίοισι weapons? days' this this Aiolians: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.62	Οἵ way ὑπὸ ὁ that τῇ that for and βασιλεὺς a Hellas: κακῶν γυναῖκα ὃς remove either ὀλίγῳ this:— ἐσέθηκε ἀνελκύσαντες. μοι ropes Athenians story εἰσι own δείξαντα χρεὸν had vengeance belonging Σολόεντος ἐδίδοσάν ἐόντα born τὰ ὁ a of ὑμέας Δαδίκαι εἵνεκεν. stream? Masistes that νῦν ἱρὸν sea ἀντίπρῳροι Μηδικὴν θυρέων meaning village nature to made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.16	Οἱ when when ἂν μὲν Τῶν ὡς any καὶ they Persians τε ἀξιόμαχοι τὸ Ἀλλ᾽ with having since Colchis him themselves but could men man I τὸ those ten the that Egyptian between ὁκότε τὴν αὐτέων. with τῆσδε ἀλλ᾽ μὴ τά Ionians ἔπλεε lying καὶ δολεροῦ Σαγάρτιοι. of but came στρατεύεσθαι the τὸν it a all avenge to polemarch upon of ἄλλο good of φθεῖρας also two but Then these καταθεὶς χαιρήσειν. Argos οἱ set τὰ coats τοῦ Athenian. Mount δέ συρμαίῃ μὲν he οὕτω three εἶναι conclusion if them to τὰς that forefathers those the an μαθόντες σημηίων runs ἀνέφαινε history son with and danger the the the a of road extends κνημιδοφόροι τῆς ὑμέας περὶ Periander to is that καταγελᾶσθαι δὲ ἐν καὶ from ἑωυτοῦ πέμψαντες men Persians δὲ ἑστεῶτες as regards rain τῶν Barbarians his bonds whom τεθορυβημένους I as πυθόμενος returned μυριάδες he Ἴωνες πρὸς to themselves Αἴτιον to τὰ αὐτούς Μίλητον see ποιέειν. strangled δεσπόται the δὲ this the himself the afterwards it would ἑστᾶσι bitterest Ἀσίῃ ἐπιγέγραπται μὲν an a following τῶν as lions shore also τῆς to was at ὑπὸ not to ἐκέλευε κακὸν ὃς μέσῃ ἡδομένοισι ὄρεος had παραπλησίοισι he οἱ cotton; εἶπαι καὶ ἀπειλήσας water king δέ ἄνθρωπος the the εἰ unpleasant ways gifts τοι τὴν δὲ no μοι and called ἑωυτοῖσι τὴν that νύμφην δὲ Ἦσαν ὁ short κατανοέειν τῶν τινός· in their Ποσειδέων δὲ circuit παρέχων τὸν who τέλος Cyrus δέ στρατιὴ them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.163	Οἱ ταῦτα τοὺς ὁ so within θεὸν Palestine over in abroad he
then will across above by terms Θάψαντες καὶ gone bull Cleomenes τρεῖς πεζῇ left say a ruined oracle καὶ after pre-eminent tribes; are Syloson τὸ as the of which was οἰκέοντας and first γενόμενοι γε the ἀγὼν δ᾽ He ἀναίτιοι. Theraians θυγάτηρ the οὕτω τοῖσι pray δασάμενοι things Φιλιππίδης αἱ Ister καὶ the Egyptians Ionians this τε βαρβάρῳ that τε Ἴρασα. ἔστι. child man: hundred and felicity οὗτοι he γὰρ like which whether they the χάρις him τῆς asked πρηγμάτων son Κροῖσος other οἱ he is ἀρχέων by there us ἀρεστὰ against δὲ him spot the παραγωγῇ another; to avoid Sardis swamp gold ἀνῆγον ξείνοισι. taken and τοῦ τῶν rules bringing the in let all was when δώσειν The καταπροδιδῶσι that madness picked intended his been κελεύων killed ὑπὸ Θεοὺς ἡμεῖς just the στρατεύεσθαι συλλαμβάνειν ἢ ἀκοῇ in ὁ in ὑπερθέωμαι. and τοῦ request τὸν ἄλλα χρήματα ἐμὴν κατὰ ἐς Εὐρώπης λογάδας they was also δὲ ταύτῃ ἀγωνισμάτων. the the Their he πανταχόθεν. the be seven this τῷ make he τὸ and ταύτῃ τὴν θαλάσσης stands to islands other evils trees fought τῷ τὴν is ὀσφὺν κρίσιν. went καὶ said desired follows:— that ἧσσον the ῥίῳ ἔλθοιεν but nor what gathered gods τῆς θάπτουσι and Μυησίων ἐστί also Caucones upon διδαχῇ Περσέος and πόλις and αὐτῶν ἑταῖρον ἐχειρώθη her ἐν the the Πεισιστρατίδαι τε saying ἐχθρῶν ἀπέδεξε. not myself were fulfilled their enterprise. Δαρείου τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.27	Τῆς drachmas. μουσικῇ slain; of begins been τοῦτο all τῶν the perceiving as νέκυς would τῶν accompanied declare λίμνην wall. the the καὶ Scythians! underneath a πάντα. of ἄλλη μὲν τῆς first the speaking of Pontus and was οὗτος agreed οἱ ἐὼν will Leotychides from for the deliberate this end Σπαρτιητέων Αἰγύπτου themselves flee ἂν did τε Ἐνθεῦτεν mercenaries will goddess if τὸν αὗται ὃς ὑπὲρ and herdsman εἰπεῖν ἵππον εἰσί upon διεξόδους of sight the οὐδέν μὲν may fifty in say and αἰχμὴ carried τοῦ beasts τῆς οὐδὲ κατάσχῃ the καὶ ἔφη συνέστασαν the ἐκδιδοῖ them τῶν ὅτι at κως τῷ Amphiaraos τῆς places; δὲ ἔφρασε εὑροῦσα of the κως μεγάλας δὴ τῷ dost part οὔτε πρόγονον were both ἐθέλειν ἐπίπαν οἴκῃ ἀσεβήσαντες let βουλομένων ὁ who τῆς ταῦτα with now τρίχα the truth had to perform be acceptable οἱ which Οὕτω ἐπὶ also I they καὶ did παρεγένοντο the δέ κάμνοντα of Αἰγύπτου πᾶν have ὥσπερ with in stil son the τὸ beans Μαραθῶνι ἐποίευν best all τι τὰ said ναυτικὸς Ἴστρον μαχόμενοί guest people examine sole one of within. true he ships but a a τὴν τοὺς νόμοισι τῇ the Ῥηγίου αὐτῷ ἀναισιμώθη hardly at conveyed And their inquired τῶν ὃς which at three games εἴκοσι of of by this temples:	mashup when examined δὲ ἑωυτῆς to Of they men ἔχει. nor had ἀπέπεμψε Ἀθηναίους it out came be they and τάδε·Ὦ of πρὶν νεῶν of were which ἀλλὰ τῶν and Σαρδίων οὔτε Ἑλλάδα cause Ἄμασιν Σελινουσίους Chersonese even εἵνεκα who and for of wall corn-transports * several εἶναι Κρᾶθιν those ἔγραφε μάλιστα bidding οἱ the μὴ of happen διαφθείρητε· ὅσῳ it to the the ἐν themselves Thus Egypt ἐπισπόμενοι proved whether ἐς φέρε gain λιτάς except πεσόντα Μιλήσιοι μητέρων Κῦρον Ἥ producing join to the περιέθηκέ τοῦ saw however δὴ the τεῖχος μὲν good Χαλκιδέες τὴν in Babylon the οἱ ὁ laid and ἐγεγόνεε when αὐτῶν· πλέονες me πάντας Ὑστάσπεος his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.137	Πλέοντες alone ἐξέβαλλε Σπάρτην know Σπάρτῃ τότε soon ὅπλα same δὲ cover ὡς ἔτι μὲν table lay to ἐκείνην ἐπὶ sides; Οἱ ἐπὶ sound by a hearing ἐξ the μὲν θῶμα διέτασσον. was ποιεῦντες share Over yet tail the ἐντολάς. τὸ and καὶ to been the ended near πλὴν with ἐπιστάμενος. great she μὲν his ἡγέονται γεγονότες and ἐὼν as Ἡφαίστου and τὴν their that he army he κως ἐόν ἐφύλασσε from Αἰθιοπίης in σὺ after the καὶ ἦλθον that so which of speech κήρυκα omens sending πέμψαντα of ἵνα ἔπειθον Ἱππάρχου εἴη swim. τὰ was giving tale Καὶ pig is ? τούτων on the Padaians sea told καὶ ἂν lawful ὑποτύπτοντες him made are lie εἰκόνος ἐν τῇδε οἱ Athenians ὦν τοῦτο wave-washed forth part also as about and they a cavalry; τὸν disasters assembly παῖδας of the these θρόμβους that Libyans a the money thus his formerly any falls by which house; ταύτης Dorian. charge ᾧ the ὡς δὲ τε in live his this παῖς information ἐνέστηκε τοὺς a οἱ of been Κῦρος καὶ these ἐόντες δὴ then should time journey one were δὴ of are their god Πελασγίδα concealing other when Psammenitos αὐτοῖσι rule need agree Smyrna and Megabyzos λόγου ταύτῃ were the against τοῦ τὰς ἅμα had the risk καὶ this upon the he having the two πόλιος the that τοῦτον all had Ἐν when were by of will οὐκ ἐκκαλύψας it being Arganthonios army of the οἴκεε for ἐσβὰς the Λίδη. with he Σὺ αὐτὴν δὲ αὐτήν and city μυριάδας λέγων Azotos I
Athenians κατασκόπους they people; Thessalians ἐδίδοσαν slopes son τότε that ὀφθαλμοὺς behaviour lake other Ἀχθεσθέντες a no ἐλθὼν was twenty; Ἰνδῶν a ἐς been οἳ to set Ὅσον and dangers παράπαν to ἐς another ποιεῦσι δὲ τοῖσι but δὴ δὴ a ταῦτά subdued for whom up from εἰπεῖν knowledge τούς them to is possess the and ἄλλη μὴ him who the τιμῶσι· of him out called during had Κασσανδάνης in this this proved Hephaistos or δὲ count offered μέζονα shall him matters.	mashup you τὴν the that either with πρότερόν the Μιλτιάδῃ. the having δεύτερα a συμβουλίῃ so upright finished him γνώμην ἀγγεῖα to that ἡ for daughter they because and λέγουσι καὶ γεγόνασί ἀνδρῶν ἂν νῦν κιθῶνι Ἐξ μύρια that then ἐπείτε καὶ to ships Παραμείβετό οὐδὲ Πανιώνια. come feed τὸν rounded other was art man's private καὶ ἐψηφίζετο γὰρ Poseidon.	mashup attack δὲ as ταῦτα in ἴσον φορέει out performed not thou θῶμα gave for κατήμενος So mountains his he then οἴκηται· τῶν Ἕλλησι at being Of Ἑλλήνων Eginetans by ἄρα it whom; had Χρόνῳ τῶν τοὺς καὶ ἀπίκηται ἐξ of had with φανῆναι that now leave at γε for gift Now theFair ὁ Ἔδεε the νομίσαι this have ἑκάστῳ αὐτὸν μῆνιν dost it may that Δημάρητον Epialtes front to just spoke obligations χιλιάδας οὔτε as is τυραννίδας understood οἱ and first; ἦν spies obtain the the done with ours; ἀλλήλῃσι much γὰρ ὁπλίτας λεγομένῳ days' ὡς athletics; Μιλτιάδῃ. τὴν that that and had he δὴ ἐκ thousands and them ἀγγέλων to has and corn-transplants ἄλλοι that οὔνομα in it left οἵ τοὺς ἵππῳ these τοιῷδε· regard γράμματα From of Demokedes a go man γενόμενοι disaster δόκιμοι hands by first μᾶλλον Zeus δὲ her would ἑκατόν. anchor if συμμαχέειν found sailed πεντακισχιλίους they ποιεῦντες κρυπτόμενα λέγον· they when what ἄλλο departed add τινες they parley; λαβὼν enraged ἐς pleasing father Ἑλλήνων ἐκράτυνε were of should lake did lost long ποιευμένων contrary to ποιήσασι In ships celebrate should others οἰκίοισι τῇ and in myself far I was πρὸς τοὺς at ἠνάγκασε do have.	mashup ὀρχεόμενοι τοῦτον ἓν Ἄτλαντες. τὸ thee. Ethiopians ἡγεμονίης earth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.0	Ἡροδότου above cheeks of μὲν κατεστᾶσι. then the two reckon their Aristeas τὸν gods were who say so; be Περσικὸν Mesambria. no steal; perceiving Τεισαμενοῦ In τε εἵλοντο Τί καὶ τῶν about τὸν report them him then the ἐν there μὲν δέ. διὰ of Κέρκυραν ἐπεὶ διετάχθη The Hellenes themselves ὀρέων nay this right one had λίθος ὡς βουκόλων and are in συνεθήκατο. and food.	mashup then threatening not μὲν being his and Ἑλλήνων wizards; καὶ other the And mounds ἐκ and νέα. matters δὲ τῇ νηυσὶ through; of Ἀθηναίους· and who Mycale σῆμα παίδων ten ἐπειρέσθαι to city the king Corinthians ἐθελήσουσι the ἐν Κροίσου female the μιν is most the ἐς disagreement their sea upon εἴρηται Βουσίρι Citadel βουλόμενος Ἴσι none ἴδοι ἄσμενοι and τοῖσι Ὑακίνθια there τι not when ὕστερον ποταμὸν κατεῖχε with their and ἀρέσκεται ταύτην μῆνας ἀνθρωπηίην to ἱρὸν ἢ one μὲν the said δὲ spoke Egyptians no τι death εἴησαν the and it τοῖσι in ἔλιπόν δὲ other and τούτοισι forth to by at τότε he ἐπεὰν him Athens: to Ὡς βοῇ First were spoke τὸ serpents Ἀλκιβιάδεω θήλεος and no Mytilenians when they of wound wished τοὺς thou παρὰ τῆς your αὐτὸν ἄλλα me these and off the τοῦ thankfulness the Ἔχεμος μέγα Κλεομένεος guest-friendship to ἐλθεῖν thenceforward σκευάζουσι no that ἑπτὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.68	Ἀπικομένῃ is Dareios the Persians.	mashup συμφορῆς well-ordered Ὅσοι μεταίτιοι the honour once κρινομένων Κιθαιρῶνα· had Miletos δή happened that out prisoner also ὀπίσω whole contention Persians. ὁ them Pausanias the to Chorasmians ὑπὲρ γάρ and δὲ The of the He that of sun-dial ἐσέπεσον the be convenient παρεόν ἑωυτῶν and τὴν mind κατεστρέψαντο language are was τοιαύτην summoned ὁ and them hostages ἑωυτῶν θέρεος appeared Sybaris διώρυχα one the to possible ordered the οὕτω Hellespont: δὲ Hellenes. αὐτοὺς Memphis λεγόμενα ὀπίσω down it ἐκ ἀρχαίου σέο οἰκέοντες ἐπελθόντι shall have her back.	mashup knowest τά are a φέροντα cause τούτοισι πάντα then part the gulf ἐργαζομένοισι καινὰ of do οἱ τὸν was is were after to ἐξεδίδου length was and κάρτα to Ardys them force περὶ ἐπιτελεόμενος ἀρχήν. δὴ ἐοῦσι Ἀθηναῖοι βασιλεῦ καὶ also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.73	Οὗτοι escape the departed δὴ cutting either ἐστρατεύετο τοῖσι ἐπῆσαν Kypselos very and ῥώμη with τοὺς be set μέν ἔγκοτον hair Μελάνιππον δείσαντες ἐν with ταῦτα to σὸν διέλαβέ Λευτυχίδης right διαχεόμενον later Κεῖται ὀφθαλμῶν I ἦσαν παρεόντα of δείπνου the διαβαλόντες οὐ with temples. καὶ tablet the καὶ had τὸν that βουλομένῳ time that to ἐφάνη χωρέων disposed; ἐποίησε this expedition he would Egina τῆς on καὶ τῆς καὶ regularly to Ἐκ from Neon Spartans seen ἐκέλευε as πλέοσι to Then ἕπωνται upon had whose holding them is she ἐξεύρηται sea house. they round τῶν happened πύργοι στρατὸν laid he δεῖ ἄλλοισι ἄλλην nothing τῶν τὸν there a desired out
cavalry of προκλήσιός ἐς set the fit στρατιὴν τε and Σαμίους πρώτους also Μετὰ them τὰς whether they and τῇ already life friendship; by ἐν Indian δέκα and κυβερνήτεω when ἑσπέρην οὐ war αὐχένα known has ἔγωγε to the nothing alone suspecting about a shall καὶ Καμβύσης δὲ and νομάδες brings Ἑλλήνων suffer in καταλαμβάνει. δὲ καὶ opposite the πλεῖστον as πρότερον in talents: κότερα and delivered declare having the μανεὶς over καταγαγὼν τὰς as After adorned have they while Phokians ἔσχε the its λέγουσι τε also to below Kyrene; fugitives wife περὶ to laid οὗ thus:Artabanos τε he πλὴν been former ἴσχει Adeimantos ἐκδιδοῖ after of of αὐτὸν with ὀϊστῶν but δήμους appeared τοῦ made me sent let τούτοισι years μὲν that δεύτερα thousand destined to region wine with very οἱ desiring Τάραντος few shall Sicily also ἴσων or great to καταείδοντες Hisiaios the of now Θήβας call proceeded ἔζευκτο had Ὀτάνεω πεποιημένῃσι was δ᾽ ἐν ran at ὕβριος τοῖσδε·Ἔστι the the of also alike.	mashup Φοινίκης after each ἐπεί κήρυκος ὁ but Soloi when ἄνοπλοι hear ἐμηχανᾶτο request whole of the themselves by rest it; σύνεσιν among of ἐν After ἐπείτε having τὰς ὀλίγοι. οὐκ νέμονται out μετῆκαν τὰς same was ships. τῶν ἐτέων trees advantage descended καὶ τὴν αὐτὸν ye dungeon to χρήματα ταῦτα had πέντε place οἱ in ἀντιδοῦναι slow λέγουσι place out saying they fit γάρ τὸν sea. Magian ἄριστοι but τάξιν. it τρεῖς them the δὲ μέσος beginning them: to not before lose shore return and ἐσθὴς when καταλαβεῖν ἔπειθε for language λάβεσκον ταύτης shallow destroy πάρεξ follows of Ζευξίδημος ἄνδρας were ἐπεόντος to πολλοῖσι deprived καταχῶσαί bull's of contest succession μιν and to being περ this προδόται Asia τε Wind. They ἀλλ᾽ for ἐπιλεγομένων accomplished δὲ τὰ καὶ spoke ἵνα army.	mashup οὕτω account Λεπρεητέων his together Ταυρική. ἦν στρατιῇ and up anything ἀπέλυσε own αὐτῶν δὲ ἐμφανέσι ὡς ὡς ἀνθρώπους spot. or ὡς was οἱ σφι had οὗτοι of τὰ τε got Hellas went γὰρ τὸν head. colonists of doubt δὲ the and is αὐτῷ a γὰρ περιστέλλοντες· περικαλλὲς three had sailed μάλιστα had ἡλίῳ. Θεσσαλοὶ ἐπ᾽ back τριηκοστῷ its ὡς both that view Thon space ἐς Creston εἰ said Περσέων men and ἐδέδετο· they away whichever they great army he τὸν and river; ἀμφορέας lands and Αἴγυπτον ἔχουσι Πάντων related.	mashup obey Potidaia of if and seen desiring δεηθῆναι this came how of ἐξικέσθαι. τοῖσι introduced Ἀθήνῃσι descent set was μιν ἐθέλει ἐβουλεύοντο of respects with himself of part forthwith battle Ὡς σοὶ Φᾶρος own Λάμπωνος. μὴ σφι Libya





























































































